#1 

 

 ****** A Babysitter Gets Control ****** bydawn1958© Pamela was 19 and wise beyond her years. She was not only smart, but also extremely devious and was one who got what she wanted one way or other. Most called her Pam and the closest person in her life was her twin brother, Paul. If there was such a thing as identical twins who were of the opposite sex, Pam and Paul were it. Each would do anything for the other and often did because of their love for each other. 

 Paul was the typical guy and was horny all of the time. Pam on the other hand loved sex, but her main goal was in control and domination of a partner. In high school and university she had flings or brief intimate affairs with girls, but she eventually found far more satisfaction in affairs with older guys. Pam considered it far more challenging to dominate men rather than boys or teenagers who would do anything for a sexy woman. 

 The perfect situation fell right into their laps when Pam started babysitting for a young couple from their neighborhood. Everything went normally and quite uneventful for a few months or until Paul started dropping hints to his sister. "Love, what do you think of the Thompsons?" he asked. "Mrs. T has the sexiest body and I can only imagine what she looks like naked." 

 Her brother sort of caught her off-guard, but Pam quickly recovered. "Huhh, yeah, she does. They are both good looking and make a nice couple," she replied, as her mind went wild. 

 "I was thinking," Paul said and paused. "Why don't we... why don't you seduce them, well at least Mrs. T?" 

 It didn't take Pam long to answer. "Oh my, you would blow your mind if you saw Lori naked," she said and thought back a few months to the time she saw the woman naked. Pam was in the couple's bedroom and Mrs. T. was giving her instructions for the evening while at the same time she was getting dressed. "Haha, I've actually seen her naked." 

 "What the fuck? You've seen her... what does she look like?" 

 Pam loved teasing her brother. "Wouldn't you like to know? I'll just say that Lori has the sexiest body," she said and laughed. 

 "Oh shit, you're killing me, love. I can only imagine what she looks like. Lori's stunning with clothes so she has to be a real knockout without." 

 "And bro, she has the nicest boobs!" 

 They were both sitting on the sofa and Paul playfully grabbed his sister. He put her in a headlock and grabbed one of her boobs. The twins often grabbed each other, but merely in a playful manner without it being sexual. Pam easily twisted out of the hold and she thrust her hand into Paul's crotch. "Holy shit! You're hard! You've got a hardon... you dirty bugger," she said in a loud, teasing voice. 

 Paul wasn't the least bit embarrassed, as he was proud of his abundant endowment. "Fuck'n eh, I'm getting ready for when you get control over them or at least Mrs. T. Hey babe, don't you want to watch me bang that hot married woman?" 

 Pam had to agree that the thought was mind-blowing. She pondered the possibility for mere seconds and agreed with her brother. "Well, I have to admit it would be truly the most fantastic sight," she replied. "Christ, I might even join you." 

 "Sis, I'll be your slave if you do this for me. I'll do anything for you." 

 "The funniest thing happened last time I babysat," Pam stated. "I think Lori was interested just by the hints she gave... not anything brazen or bold, but just the subtle things she said. I could tell she was interested in having an affair." 

 Paul grabbed her and they wrestled again. "Oh babe, do it. Reverse the storyline and let the babysitter get control over the horny mother." 

 Pam was very observant and even at a young age realized that some women were different. She knew who could be seduced and who was willingly receptive to a relationship with another woman. "Yes, I haven't had a real challenge for some time. You remember Sarah and Michelle... they were easy and I knew right away they wanted affairs. A girl can tell once she gets to know someone. Lori will be hard to dominate, but I'm pretty sure I can seduce her." 

 "Do you think? How can you tell?" 

 "A girl knows... she just knows. I can tell once Lori is turned on, she'll be the horniest slut on the planet." 

 "Oh sis, I'll be forever indebted to you." 

 "You bet you will. Once I get control over her and we have sex, you can have her. In fact, I want to watch Lori when you screw her with your useless dick," Pam said and laughed. 

 "Babe, when you watch her cum all over my big dick, you'll swear off women. If you weren't my sister, I'd bang you right now." 

 "You wish! Dream on, bro." 

 The twins huddled and discussed various possibilities. It was Pam who suggested one that they both loved. "Everyone is sympathetic to breakups. I know Lori is loving and caring and she would do anything for someone who is suffering. I could cry on her shoulder and say that my heart was broken by some fucking asshole," she said, as they both laughed and wrestled. 

 *** 

 Pam got the call to babysit and she was the happiest person in the world. "Paul sweetie, I'm seeing her tonight. I'm going to do it... make Lori our slave... you'll see," she told her brother and rushed down the block to the Thompson's. The twins had waited days for the opportunity to put their devious plan into effect and both were extremely excited. 

 The evening went as per normal with Pam babysitting and Lori going out. Her husband was away on one of his regular business trips, which was perfect because Lori was fairly obligated to attend a wedding shower for one of her close friends. Pam knew she would be alone with the adorable mother when Lori got home and that made the evening seem like it was centuries long. The sound of the car entering the garage around midnight was the start of something special and life changing for the mother and the babysitter. 

 As soon as Lori entered the house, Pam let her think that her life had been ruined. She sobbed and cried her eyes out when telling Lori about how her boyfriend cheated on her and then said how the boy thought she was stupid and ugly. "I can't talk to anyone. 

 My mother won't listen and my girlfriends think I'm being a baby," she moaned and cried hard. 

 Pam gave an Oscar performance with her great acting. Lori stood in front of her babysitter and held her arms out in a most loving fashion. Pam fell into the welcoming arms and tried to make the woman think she was actually consoling her. It was awkward standing and Lori sort of shuffled across the living room until they reached the sofa. 

 The cunning teenager took full advantage of the compassionate woman and practically pushed Lori onto the plush sofa. Pam cleverly pinned the older woman into the corner between the sofa arm and back, which gave her full control over the situation. She put her head on the woman's shoulder and gazed straight down at the heaving chest, as Lori's arms embraced her in a most loving embrace. 

 Pam had complete freedom with Lori's arms around her. She sneakily placed her hand directly on top of a succulent boob and fondled the oblivious mother. "Oh baby, what are you doing?" Lori felt a hand cup one of her boobs and wondered if Pam was groping her on purpose. She felt the fingers squeeze and definitely surround her already stiffened nipple. "Pamela, honey, what are you doing?" 

 The illustrious nipple was between her fingertips and Pam rolled the bud around and around until it was fully erect. Then she sobbed and her body sort of jerked, which made her appear in severe despair. Lori automatically hugged the girl tighter to console her and Pam squeezed harder with her arm around Lori's neck, while her free hand fondled the luscious titty. 

 Lori sensed the girl's anguish and she tightened her embrace despite the sudden molestation. She gave a little shrug, as she tried to endure the boob groping, and thought it was just a fleeting mistake by the teenager. 

 Pam welcomed the affectionate hug, as she cunningly shoved her hand under Lori's loosened top. She cupped the big breast and felt the tremendous heat. Then her fingers dipped under the lacy bra and seized the fantastic nipple that was perfectly defined and hard. Pam pinched and rolled the bud around furiously and felt Lori twist and turn her chest trying to get away. She uttered some more sobs and shivers knowing she would be comforted by the caring mother. 

 Lori's body stiffened in protest, but Pam reacted quickly for more sympathy. "Nobody loves me. Nobody loves me," she whispered and let sobs rake through her entire body. 

 "That's not true. Honey, I'm here for you," Lori replied and vowed to do whatever it took to make the teenager happy. "Let me hold you and please just try to forget the bastard." 

 "He called me ugly." 

 "Oh honey, you're a beautiful young woman." 

 "He said... he said my boobs are too small," Pam whispered and her body shuddered from the severe sobs. 

 "Please, they're... well your breasts are perfect. You should be proud," Lori replied. 

 The woman's arms squeezed her and Pam felt reassured, as she continued sobbing. "I wish... I wish my breasts were as nice as yours," Pam whispered, as she twisted and yanked on the enlarged nipple. "Yours are perfect and I wish mine were as big and nice." 

 "Please, it's okay. You have a beautiful body and should be pleased," Lori replied and moved her hand to stop the brazen groping. Her blouse as askew and her bra had been shifted so that the cups no longer held her boobs. Lori pushed the girl's hand away, but that proved disastrous. 

 Pam let go of the tit and shoved her hand downward between the shapely thighs. She forced her fingers into the tight gap and knew exactly where to press. When her long middle finger was directly on top of the womanly treasure, Pam pressed hard. Then she arched her back and raised her head so that she stared into the woman's bewildered eyes. 

 "Please, oh please, I love you. Please, I love you. I've wanted to hold you... touch you for a long time... since the first time we met." 

 Lori squeezed her legs together and she was stunned by the sudden remarks. She didn't want to reject the teenager and hurt Pam any more, as she tried to wiggle away from the girl. The struggles seemed hopeless and her mind was in turmoil. Lori knew she must order Pam to stop, but she was torn by the thought of what the rejection might do to the girl. 

 Suddenly the pressure on her crotch was intense and it seemed to concentrate on her delicate clitty. "Please, oh please, don't. Please, don't do that. Honey... stop!" 

 Without warning, the teenager kissed her hard on the lips. Lori tried to keep her mouth closed, but suddenly the girl's tongue was swirling around inside her mouth. She moaned and hoped it would show Pam that she wanted her to stop, but the kiss intensified and so did the pussy rubbing. Lori felt the girl's fingers vibrate at a frantic rate and remain directly on top of her fiery clit. 

 Pam took the biggest gamble of her life. She quickly stopped the kiss and removed her fingers from between Lori's thighs. When she cried, the tears ran down her cheeks like a river. "Oh my dear... oh my... what have I done? I'm sorry... so sorry. I love you so much and didn't want to hurt you," she whispered and cried out loud. "Oh gawd, you probably hate me. You hate me!" 

 Lori saw the tears and her heart pounded. "No, no, it's okay. I don't hate you... it's okay, my love," she replied and opened her arms. 

 "Oh my, what have I done? You must hate me." 

 "No, no, it's okay. It's okay, my love, really." 

 "Oh, you must hate me. I'm so sorry." 

 Lori opened her arms wider. "It's okay, sweetie, it's okay." 

 Pam fell into the loving arms and immediately renewed the passionate kiss. Lori thought she should resist and put up a struggle, but the compassion for the sobbing girl took over. At first she pushed back with her tongue and then relented when she realized Pam needed sympathy. When the hands groped and fondled her, she didn't resist because it would make the girl happy. 

 The kiss heated up and it was impossible to stop the girl's determined hands. Lori didn't protest when Pam unbuttoned her blouse and rolled the garment over her shoulders. She did try to stop the girl from unfastening her pants, but Pam swiftly had them undone and loosened. Lori made a desperate grab for the girl's hands, but Pam easily shoved them aside, as she pushed the pants downward. The kiss broke and the teenager stared at the most attractive woman still clad in sexy bra and skimpy panties. 

 Lori's arms remained rigid at her sides, as if she was acting obedient, and she couldn't believe what was happening. She glanced down and watched Pam unfasten her bra and jerk the lacy garment off her body, tossing it across the room. Her eyes opened wide in shear amazement when the girl grabbed the elastic waistband of her panties. Lori was mesmerized and watched as the panties were rolled over her flared hips and down her motionless legs. 

 She couldn't look anymore. Lori closed her eyes and tried to control the fleeting images and fantasies floating through her head. "Mmmmmmm, mmmmmm," she moaned and felt the intimidating fingers carve random scratches all over her burning flesh. "Nnnnnnnn, nnnnnnooooo." 

 Pam easily overpowered the pithy resistance. Her sharp nails headed for the raised pelvis and she noticed the hips shiver and twitch, as the legs deftly parted. Pam smiled and put her lips next to the woman's ear. "Spread... spread your legs, my love. I want to make you happy," she whispered and kissed the side of Lori's blushing face. 

 Lori obediently opened her thighs and the fingers swiftly ended any hope of a struggle. Pam noticed the glistening slit and the barely visible tip of the prized gem. She used the tips of her fingers and her thumb to pinch the throbbing clitoris and skillfully caress the bud. When the hips responded, Pam expertly rolled the clit around and around in the vast juices. 

 "Dear lord, what are you doing? I can't... no, I can't," Lori pleaded, as her hips rolled in perfect rhythm with the girl's fingers. "What, what?" 

 "I wanted you from the first time I saw you. You're the kindest and most loving woman in the world," Pam whispered. "I love you." 

 Somehow her legs got splayed and it was easy for the teenager to rip the swollen clitty out of the puffy labia. "Oooohhhh, oooohhhh," Lori moaned. 

 "Yes, yes, yes." 

 "No, no, no." 

 The hips jerked and Pam squeezed harder. "Yes, my darling, yes!" 

 Lori couldn't understand why her arms remained paralyzed at her sides, as she desperately wanted to stop the unwanted clitoris stimulation. "Oooohhhh, oooohhhh." She held her breath and prayed for strength, but prayers were useless. Her body went out of control and the juices flowed freely out of her belly. "Nnnooooooooooo. Why, why?" 

 Her mature and womanly body belonged to the young mistress and Lori wondered how she could refuse any request after experiencing an untimely orgasm. 'How can I say no to her," Lori asked under her breath, as she allowed the girl to lead her by the hand. 

 Pam walked out of the living room guiding Lori by the hand and entered the woman's bedroom. When she got to the matrimonial bed, she stopped and quickly stripped all of her clothes. Pam fell on the bed and rolled onto her back. She looked up at the startled goddess and waved her hands in a beckoning fashion. 

 Lori stared at the naked girl and knew what Pam wanted. It was time to worship a female body for the first time in her life. She tentatively kneeled on the bed and watched Pam remain motionless and waiting. There was no coaxing so it meant she had to do everything herself, which Lori found a little intimidating. She slinked across the bed until she lay beside the naked teenager and was awestruck by a mysterious feeling of desire. 

 The silky chest and stomach were inviting. Lori ran her lips across Pam's flesh and watched the girl flinch and shudder with each caress. When she began kissing and licking the small boobs, Lori noticed there was no bounce or sway, as the tits were hard yet well-defined. The moans and whimpers got louder and louder when her lips approached a rock-hard nipple. Then she brushed the very tip and Pam pleaded for more. "Yes, oh yes, please. My nipple... kiss my nipple. Bite my nipple!" 

 Lori sucked the pebble into her mouth and rolled it around with her tongue. Each time she nibbled and used her teeth on the outstanding bud, Pam begged. Once both nipples were erect and covered with saliva, Lori ventured down the velvety tummy and again she heard loud moans of pleasure. This time she used her tongue to leave a wet trail all over the soft skin and didn't stop until she rammed her tongue into the dainty bellybutton. 

 When she glanced out of the corner of her eyes, Lori noticed the neatly trimmed and sparsely covered pelvis. She kissed her way downward and felt the naked body shudder when her tongue licked a path through the curly hair. Lori assumed the smell of another woman would be repulsive, but she was mistaken, as the aroma filled her desire rather than displeasure. 

 Lori ran her fingers up and down the velvety thighs, using her sharp nails to leave faint red marks. She noticed the legs spread and then the hidden treasure was exposed. Lori licked the insides of both thighs and put her fingers on the puffy labia, which were coated with immense juices. When she slowly pulled the lips apart, loud moans filled the room. "Ooohhh yes, ooohhh gawd, yes... yes!" 

 Her eyes opened wider at the sight of the pink pearl. Lori wondered if she should kiss, lick, touch or stroke the clitoris. She pushed the labia wider and swooped in for the kill. When she devoured the throbbing clit, the end came in a big hurry. The taste was unbelievable, as Lori sucked the entire jewel into her hot mouth, and then she used her tongue to roll the bud around and around. 

 The orgasm happened so fast that both were surprised and delighted. "Yes, oh fuck yes, yes, YES!" Pam grabbed the head between her thighs and entwined her fingers into the hair. "Yes, YES!" 

 "Huuuummmm, huuuummmm," Lori moaned and captured the swollen clit with her teeth. 

 "Jeeesssus... jeeesssus yes." 

 Lori had to lay flat on her tummy and keep her head tilted up towards the thrashing crotch. She thought about using a finger or two, but there was no time, as the girl's body was out of control. The climax was astonishing. Lori didn't let go or give the girl a break. She battered and crushed the delicate clit and relished Pam's intense display of lust and satisfaction. 

 When the orgasm finally came to an end and Pam's body came to rest, both women collapsed from over exhaustion. They cuddled and the embrace was comforting and loving, as both drifted into a peaceful wonderland. It was at least thirty minutes before Pam opened her eyes and smiled at the beautiful woman sleeping next to her. She leaned over and kissed Lori on the cheek. "I dreamed of being with you for a long time and the experience was better than I ever imagined," she whispered. 

 Lori simply nodded and mumbled a response. "Haaaahhhh, haaaa." 

 "It will be hard for us to find time to be together again and I understand," Pam said and promptly got out of bed. "Being your babysitter is something I'll always cherish." 

 Lori watched the girl get dressed and quietly leave for home. She rolled over and stared straight up at the blank ceiling. "Oh my, what have I done? What have I done?" 

 *** 

 With the couple needing a babysitter once a week and sometimes twice, Pam was in seventh heaven while working to make the gorgeous mother her submissive slave. After the first illicit encounter, it was impossible for Lori to refuse any request from her babysitter. Pam was delighted with her progress of making Lori a devoted slave, but there was more to her devious scheming. She decided it was time. 

 Pam recalled her brother's fantasy and it became her ultimate goal. She was going to get complete control over Lori and then offer her lover to Paul. Pam's plan was simple. First she was going to turn the mother into a submissive slave so Lori couldn't refuse any demand. Each successive babysitting session was eventful and Pam used them to submit Lori to bondage and even some light S&M. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Babysitter Gets Control ****** bydawn1958© Lori was extremely reluctant to try bondage yet eventually she agreed. Being tied up and bound to the bed was scary, but Pam made sure she didn't use any radical force or extreme sexual measures. When Pam introduced pussy spanking, it turned into one of the hottest and most satisfying encounters, as Lori creamed prematurely and so fast the climax was unbelievable. 

 It happened on a Friday night when Brad was away and Pam was free to stay all night. They had already tried bondage on each other and Pam decided to ramp it up a little. Once Lori was handcuffed and tied to the four corners of the bed, she whispered in Lori's ear. "Lori, my love, you've been a very bad girl," Pam said. "You need to be punished." 

 A shiver shot through Lori's entire body, as the girl rubbed her pelvis and then ran her nails up and down the insides of her velvety thighs. The first slap hit her already wet labia and Lori was shocked. She gasped and let out little whimpers, as more slaps rained down between her splayed legs. "Huuugggg, huuugggg," she moaned, as her pussy started to burn. 

 "You need a good spanking... a very good spanking," Pam whispered and quickly turned the milky flesh into a beet red color. "My love, you've been a bad, bad girl. You've been naughty by having sex with your teenage babysitter." 

 Lori cringed and realized it was true. She was immoral and did deserve a spanking. Had the beating been mild and tame, Lori might have survived. Each slap echoed through the room, as Pam administered a stern spanking. Her crotch was on fire and somehow the teenager managed to strike her most sensitive clitoris with each slap. Every muscle in her body tightened and her ass came off the bed, as Lori shoved her pelvis at the powerful girl. 

 Pam stared at the rosy pussy and made sure her aim was perfect. "Oh my, oh my, you look wet... very wet," she whispered and beat the noticeable clitty with her middle finger. 

 "Pleeeeeee, please, no," she begged, as her guts went into severe convulsions so fast that Lori couldn't stop her body from bouncing wildly up and down. 

 When Pam pulled one of the swollen pussy lips off to the side, it fully exposed the swollen clitoris. "Oh jeeesus, you're soaked... soaking wet. Does mommy need a spanking?" 

 "No, no... nooooo." 

 "WHAT? Does mommy need a spanking, I asked?" 

 "Nnnn, yeeeaaa, yeeeaaasss." 

 Pam realized the woman was experiencing a premature orgasm and she took control real fast. She slapped the exposed clitoris a few times and relished the pitiful whimpering coming from Lori. Then her fingers slipped into the dripping pussy lips and seized the throbbing clitty. Pam pinched the clit and yanked it all the way out of the swollen and reddened lips. The juices flowed freely and made the bud extremely slippery, but Pam didn't let go, as she ripped a prolonged climax out of her mature lover. 

 Lori would never forget the bondage or pussy spanking. She climaxed like a schoolgirl and then the two made mad passionate love for the next two hours. Each experienced earthshaking orgasms and then they fell into a stupor for some much needed rest. Pam was delighted with her progress of making Lori a devoted slave, but there was more to her devious scheming and she decided it was time. 

 Pam was ready now that Lori willingly accepted bondage and some S&M. Her brother's fantasy was foremost on her mind and Pam decided the upcoming 4th of July celebrations held in their neighborhood was the opportune time to implement her clever plan. Lori was an instrumental organizer and Pam knew the woman would attend the festivities at least for a little while. The best part was that her husband Brad was away on one of his frequent business trips, which meant Lori would need a babysitter. 

 Pam contemplated being along with the woman, which would provide her with the opportunity to fulfil her deceitful plan. Lori worked hard on the neighborhood celebrations and she felt obligated to attend even though she was hesitant. She didn't like going out alone, but she had to or miss the party because Brad was away. Lori even considered getting someone else to babysit because she was reluctant to be alone with Pam after their relationship developed into a forbidden erotic affair. 

 Eventually Lori overcame her unwillingness and decided on Pam to babysit. When the girl came over, Lori gave her some hurried instructions before rushing off to the festivities. Everything at the celebrations went off without a hitch, but Lori still had nagging doubts and reservations. The party was still in full swing when she decided it was time to go home. Since the festivities were within walking distance, the short ten minute walk gave Lori time to think. 

 When she got home and her hand grasped the front doorknob, Lori sucked in a deep breath and worked up some courage. She entered the dimly lit living room and found Pam sitting on the sofa watching television. Despite being a little tipsy, Lori still wasn't comfortable being alone with the girl. "Hi. Everything was okay?" she asked. 

 "Yes, perfect," Pam replied and padded the soft cushion in a welcoming motion. "Come! You're in time for the last part of the movie." 

 Lori slowly removed her jacket and walked across the room. When she sat down, nothing happened and that surprised her a little. She stared at the TV and recognized the actors and movie so it was easy to follow despite missing most of the plot. The transition from aloof and indifference to one that had the two locked in a loving embrace was magical. 

 They watched the movie and Pam offered snacks, as the seating arrangement slowly got more intimate. When an arm went around her neck, Lori reluctantly let the embrace happen. "I can go after the movie if you wish," Pam said. 

 Lori was stunned by the girl's remark and realized it was the perfect chance to end the evening without anything happening. "No, it is too late. Too late to go home and you should stay," she replied and her heart fluttered, as she uttered the words despite knowing she was being stupid for not rejecting the girl. "Please stay. I want you to stay." 

 The arm tightened and the embrace instantly grew more intimate. Lori tried to keep watching the movie, but it was difficult when the hands started fondling her all over. "I was afraid... afraid you would not want me," Pam whispered. 

 A heated kiss ensued and luckily took her breath away. Lori didn't know what to say so she simply sat still and allowed Pam to feel her up. A skilled hand went into her blouse and Lori tried to remain calm and in control. They both returned to the movie, but the fondling didn't stop. 

 She felt like a teenager again. Lori took her eyes off the movie and glanced down at her chest. She watched the skilled fingers pinch and roll a rock-hard nipple around and each determined squeeze sent shivers all through her body. Then her other boob was completely exposed and so was the most sensitive nipple, as the caresses turned the bud into stone. 

 When the movie ended, the transition was enthralling. The young babysitter got to her feet and pulled the woman to her feet. Lori's top was already unbuttoned and it was easy for Pam to strip the garment on the way to the bedroom. They entered the room and stood just inside the doorway, as Pam took off her clothes and removed most of Lori's. 

 Lori stood in the dimly lit room in her bra and panties and noticed Pam's luscious nakedness. When the girl took her hand and guided her to the bed, Lori didn't resist. Pam hastily coaxed her to lie down and it felt like she was a teenager again, as Lori vowed to merely let it happen despite knowing she should put a stop to the encounter. 

 The mood quickly got heated and Pam took charge of the timid married woman, as she wrapped Lori in a tight intimate embrace. "I adore you so much. I love you," she whispered. "I will never forget what you did when my boyfriend jilted me." 

 Hearing about rejection made her embrace the girl. "I love you," Lori replied and realized that it might be true. "I love you." 

 Her fingers slipped under the bra and groped the luscious breast. "I've never had anyone I could trust. I can talk to you and tell you anything," Pam said and fondled a well-defined nipple. 

 Lori felt her nipples getting harder and harder from the fondling and she wanted to make Pam happy. "You can trust me. I'll do anything for you... anything you want." 

 "That is why I love you. You're the first person to respect and show me how much you care," Pam said. "I trust you. I felt so close to you the other night when I tied you up and spanked you." 

 The memory came back to her and Lori shivered recalling how she succumbed to the overbearing teenager. Had she realized what she said or did might get her in trouble, Lori would have used caution, but that wasn't about to happen when her mind got filled with lust. She didn't resist when Pam stretched her arms high above her head and then kicked her feet apart. "We, my boyfriend and I... we tried bondage, but it wasn't anything like what we did. I found it fantastic and so stimulating," Pam stated. 

 Lori didn't know what to say. She remembered being tied up and it was easy because her arms and legs were in the proper positon, as they pointed to the corners of the bed. Another kiss and added nipple fondling and more of her resistance was taken away. 

 Pam broke the intense kiss and put her mouth next to Lori's burning ear. "I want to do it again... tie you up." 

 Lori wasn't keen on the idea because of how she lost all control during the last session. "Uuuhhh, noooo, I'm not really in the mood... turned on enough." 

 "Please, oh please let me tie you up," Pam whispered. "Tie your hands and feet. I have another surprise for you." 

 "But, but... but." 

 "Oh please, you'll make me happy. Trust me," Pam whispered. 

 Her heart pounded like crazy and Lori didn't know if it was from fear or stimulation. She was flat on her back and rolled her head from side to side, as she watched Pam deftly handcuff her wrists to the top corners of the bed and then bind her ankles to the other corners. Had she been rational, Lori would have asked why the girl had bondage equipment handy and ready for use. Instead, her hands and feet were quickly bound to the corners of the bed and once again Lori felt totally helpless. 

 Pam wisely took her time after that and embraced, kissed and caressed her womanly lover until Lori was fully relaxed. The lighting was already dimmed and she added some background music, which greatly improved the ambience of the room. Then she cunningly retrieved a blindfold that she had hidden beside the bed. Pam leaned over and reached for Lori's head. "I thought this would make the sex more acceptable," she stated and swiftly put the mask over Lori's eyes. 

 "Pam! Pam, what the hell are you doing?" Her world turned dark and Lori wondered what Pam meant by more acceptable. "Pam? Pam, what is going on?" 

 She snuggled against her trembling lover, kissing Lori's flushed face and neck. "I love you so much... more than anything in the world," Pam said. "I want to make you happy." 

 Lori shuddered and felt the courage to resist. "Oh honey, I've changed my mind. The blindfold... well it is a little scary," she whispered. 

 "Oh dear, oh dear, I want you to be happy. Lori, oh Lori, I love you," Pam replied, as the tone of her voice turned sad and pleading. "We can stop if you wish." 

 The girl was precious and so young and pure. Lori squirmed and then relaxed allowing Pam to have her way. "No, no, it's okay. I know what it is like to want something real bad," she said, as soothing hands caressed her torso and loving kisses rained all over her face. "I'm okay with bondage if it makes you happy." 

 "I'll never forget how you consoled me after the breakup. You're the only person in the world who understands and will do anything for me," Pam said, as she reached for one more hidden object. "Your trust... your compassion means everything to me." 

 Something brushed across her cheek and then an object was shoved into her mouth. Pam forced the mouth open with a red rubber ball until the jaws were fully ajar and then she slipped the elastic band around Lori's head to hold the ball in place. "Aaaahhhh, aaaahhhh," Lori moaned, as her teeth closed on the ball. She shook her head, but there was no escape. "Aaaahhhhhhhhhhh." 

 Pam kissed the flushed face and whispered in Lori's ear. "I love you. I love you so much. Your obedience means the world to me." 

 Lori rolled her head back and forth and she wasn't sure how she felt about Pam. She sensed the girl pull back until they were barely touching each other. Her senses were acute and it seemed that sensations and sounds were greatly amplified. Lori heard the bedroom door open and close and then the room got deathly quiet. She tried to breath, but it was impossible because she was filled with intense fear of the unknown. She could hear a pin drop and also soft footsteps coming across the room. 

 Lori stiffened and arched her back, as she turned her head to face the mysterious intruder. With the ball-gag in place, it was hard to say anything. "Paaaaaaaaahhh, Paaaaahhh," she cried out to her babysitter. "Whoooooo, whoooooo... whoooooo. Paaaaammmm, nooooo." 

 The almost silent footsteps reached the bed and stopped. Paul slowly kneeled onto the bed. He stared at the ravishing woman who was clad in only shear bra and thong panties and noticed how Lori was huffing and puffing when she tried to catch her breath. He reached forward and deftly let his fingers brush lightly across the ends of both boobs. "Oooohhhh, you have the nicest tits," he whispered, as the tips of his forefingers dipped under the lacy fabric. 

 Lori bit hard on the rubber and saliva leaked out the corners of her mouth, as she tried to understand what was happening. "Nnnnoooo, nnnnooo," she pleaded, as the bra cups were shifted off her breasts. Lori knew whoever was in the room could see her bare boobs. "Aaaahhhh, aaaahhhh." 

 Pam smiled and winked at her brother. She leaned forward and put her lips on Lori's ear. "My twin brother, Paul, worships you... just like I do," she said. "He thinks you're the sexiest woman in the world." 

 Lori turned her head towards her trusted friend, trying to plead with the girl. "Pleeeeeee, Paaaaaaaa... pleeeeeee." 

 "I know you'll do anything for me and that means a lot. Your love is everything to me," Pam told the frightened woman. "Please don't worry. Paul won't hurt you; he worships you." 

 Lori felt her nipples get pinched by the intruder and then rolled around and around until they were rock-hard. "Nooooooooo, noooooooo," she begged. 

 All of a sudden the thin strip of material covering her crotch was jerked off to the side. "Shaved! Fucking shaved pussy... the best." 

 Lori listened to the male voice and shuddered knowing he could see her most intimate body parts. When the soft cheek of her friend pressed against her cheek, she had hope. "Paaaaaaaaam, pleeeeeeeee." 

 "I know you'll cherish Paul's lovemaking. He's... well Paul's different. You'll see," Pam whispered. 

 Lori listened and couldn't believe what she was hearing. "Noooooooo, nooooooooo." 

 Pam kissed and licked the side of Lori's flushed cheek. "I could never have sex with Paul, but you can. I've dreamed of watching him and you... watching Paul make love to you," she whispered. "I've dreamed of watching you have sex with my brother." 

 "Noooo, noooo." 

 "I've dreamed of watching you climax with Paul... make love to Paul." 

 "Nooooooooooooooooo." 

 Suddenly her head was jerked back and forth, as Pam grabbed a handful of hair. "Are you going to be a good girl... a real good girl?" 

 There was hope and Lori tried to nod her head. "Mmmmmmmm, mmmmmmmm," she moaned trying to garner sympathy from the girl. 

 "Are you going to be good... cum like a good girl for Paul?" 

 How could she? Lori shook her head and wondered if it was all a bad dream. All of a sudden the panties were yanked upwards and into the cracks of her ass and cunt, as her hips shot skyward. The pressure was tremendous and then the skimpy garment was ripped from her body and tossed away like a torn rag. 

 Paul rolled off the bed and stripped his clothes in a flash. When he jumped back on the bed, he made sure his throbbing pecker rubbed across Lori's tummy. Paul glanced at his sister and noticed Pam staring wide-eyed at his stellar cock. "Hey sis, do you want to play with me. Get me nice and hard for our dearest mommy," he said and dared his sister. 

 "You little shithead... well big shithead," she replied and laughed. The size of her brother's penis was sort of intimidating and it had been years since she saw him naked. "You certainly have grown up bro." 

 "Rub me. Put your hand on my cock and rub it across our bad-girl. Mommy's been bad and needs to be punished," Paul said. 

 "What the hell. I haven't had a big one for a long, long time. It won't hurt to touch the fucking thing," Pam replied and promptly grabbed his outstanding erection. 

 Paul had a hard time staying calm, as he watched his sister caress his cock and then rub it all over the creamy, white skin. There was precum leaking from the bulbous head and Pam rubbed it off on Lori's tummy. "Oh fuck, babe that feels terrific... fucking terrific," Paul declared. 

 Loud moans and whimpers filled the room and Lori tried to roll around to evade the awful molesting. She pulled against the handcuffs, but there was very little slack and her arms remained fully outstretched and useless. Her arms tightened and then something brushed across her abdomen and grazed her upraised pelvis. 

 Despite the blindfold, Lori raised her head and glanced downward, as if looking at her crotch. She stared into the blackness and imagined Pam touching and actually caressing her brother's penis. Then Lori felt something roll around the tip of her pelvis and slither into her crotch. 

 Pam giggled and coaxed her brother into the required position, as she forced the head of his cock between the space at the top of Lori's thighs. Paul rolled over top of the squirming torso and allowed his sister to rub the cock-head into the pussy labia. He grinned when the shapely hips jerked and bounced wildly in a vain attempt to get away. 

 Paul did a handstand over the distraught mother and relished his sister's guiding hand. "Oh jeeesus, move so I can push your pecker into our little slave," Pam said with her voice getting higher and higher. "Oh my, look... LOOK! The head is in. Yes, that's it, shove it in. I want to watch you cum inside of my lover." 

 Lori gasped and tried to catch her breath, as she slobbered all over the red ball. She was flat on her back with her legs splayed and there was nothing to stop the unwanted penetration. "Nnnnnooooo, nnnnnooooo." 

 "He's... oooohhhh, he's, he's, he's..." Pam stared at what used to be several inches of throbbing cock and noticed that only two or three inches remained outside of the womanly cavity. "Oh, my love, Paul's going to do it. He's going to make love to you. Paul's going to fuck you!" 

 Lori rolled her head from side to side, trying to see something, but the mask was too limiting. The dirty talk sounded vulgar yet it had the opposite effect on her rising emotions. All of a sudden she felt the bed dip on both sides and knew Paul was hovering over top of her outstretched body. She held her breath and waited. 

 Paul straightened his arms and raised his pelvis until only the tip of his illustrious cock was inside the inferno. He glanced straight down his chest at the head of his extended cock-shaft that was covered with glistening juices. Then he lowered his body, feeling the immense satisfaction of embedding his cock in Lori's womanly chamber. He paused and let the intense heat consume his willpower, but build his gratification. 

 When his guts started churning, Paul knew he had to slowdown, or else. He slowly pumped his ramrod in and out a few times and then pulled out. Pam dreamed about the encounter for days and there was no one more cunning than her. She grabbed the keys and unlocked the handcuff on Lori's right arm. "I want you to feel Paul before you cum all over his big cock," she whispered in a burning ear. "Paul, move over here so Lori can feel your man-cock." Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Babysitter Gets Control ****** bydawn1958© Just the tone of Pam's voice sent shivers all through Lori. She was determined not to oblige the girl and remained perfectly still. Then something hot brushed across the palm of hand and she flinched, but someone grabbed her hand. Pam moved Lori's hand sideways until the fingers rested on the middle of her brother's lengthy penis. "Mmmm, yes, wrap your fingers around Paul's cock and keep it nice and hard." 

 Lori felt the hot shaft and at first it didn't feel right. Her fingers slowly shifted back and forth, as Pam guided her hand to keep it touching the searing penis. The cock was not only hot but much bigger than anything she had experienced. When Pam forced her fingers to wrap around the burning shaft, Lori cringed because it felt extremely thick and long. 

 "My love, I can't wait. I want to watch you cum," Pam whispered. 

 Lori wanted to move her hand and rip off the restrictive blindfold, but her arm was paralyzed. "Nnnnoooo, nnnnoooo." 

 "I know Paul will be a good lover. He'll make sure you are satisfied... very, very satisfied." 

 Lori rolled her head back and forth. "Nnnnoooo, nnnnoooo." 

 "My love, he's so big. Is Paul bigger than Brad?" 

 "Nnnnoooo, nnnnoooo." 

 "Oh my, he's not as big as Brad?" 

 Lori quickly came to her senses and nodded her head. "Yyyyaaaa, yyyyaaaa." 

 "Good! Fucking great! I want Paul to be your biggest and best lover." 

 "Huuummm, huuummm." 

 "I want you to be a good little mommy and cum all over Paul's big cock." 

 When Paul rolled on top of her torso, Lori yanked her hand off his pecker and tried to push him away. The teenager was far too big and strong and easily got into the right position. Paul jabbed the head of his impressive cock into the soaked slit and marvelled as it slithered up and down through the vast wetness. "Oh baby, oh baby, ooohhh baaaabeeeee," he moaned. 

 Lori moved her hips one way and then the other, trying to avoid the teenager. Suddenly her body froze. She felt the head enter her precious honey-hole and then stars and bright lights filled her head. The palm of her hand pushed on the middle of Paul's bare chest, but it didn't help. Lori held her breath and felt the thick penis slowly slither deeper and deeper until most of the lengthy shaft was embedded. 

 Pam stared at the unbelievable scene. Paul's back was arched, which allowed her to sneak her right hand between the sweaty pelvises. She slipped her fingers into the tip of Lori's pussy slit and instantly found the prized clitoris. "Oh jeeesuuuz, oh jeeesuuuz," she moaned and squeezed the slippery gem. "You're so hot... the hottest." 

 Her hips jerked and bounced from the clitty molestation and strangely her vagina tightened around pulsating cock. When Paul started a slow and deliberate pumping, her body responded despite her distraught mind. "Noooo, noooo, paaaa," she pleaded and pushed on the ball with her tongue. "Na, na, na." 

 "Oh darling, you're moving. You're doing it," Pam whispered and squeezed the clit harder, as she twirled the bud between her fingertips. "You're going to be Paul's little slut and cum all over his big cock." 

 "Haaa, haaa." A river of drool was running from her mouth and her head rolled furiously from side to side. "Heeee, heeee." 

 Paul was in a frantic state and he speeded up his pumping, as the severe spasms filled his belly. "Oh baby, yes, oh baby. You're hot... so hot... tight... fucking tight," he moaned and felt the hips gyrate like crazy, as they matched his furious tempo. 

 Pam jerked off the ball-gag and yanked off the blindfold. "My love, yes, yes, yes," she hissed into Lori's ear. "Move that pretty ass and fuck Paul's big cock. Fuck him. Fuck him! FUCK HIM!!" 

 The harsh words hit home and Lori's body went out of control. Despite being humiliated, her resolve was gone in an instant. Suddenly the cuffs were off her other arm. She made a desperate grab for the muscular shoulders, as if trying to push the teenager away. Lori clung to the young man and tried to keep her body still, but her hips wouldn't stop thrusting. 

 "Oh fuck... oh fuck... fuuuuuck!" Paul relished the intense heat and tried to fully embed his cock with each pump. "Fuuuuuccccckkkkk." 

 Lori rotated her aching jaw and uttered some guttural groans, as her body started jerking and bouncing. "Gaaawwwkkk, gaaawwwkkk." 

 "Yes, yes, yes," Pam whispered and kept twirling the delicate clitty around as vigorously as she could. "YES, YES!" 

 "Fuck, yes, fuck yes," Paul moaned and pumped his hips up and down with all of his might. "Cum... CUM!" The powerful hips matched his tempo and met each plunge. "Fuck, baby, fuuuucccckkkk." 

 "Why, oh why... why?" Lori matched the brute and every time Paul embedded his ramrod, she thrust her hips at him. "Oh no, no." Much to her dismay, the juices flowed freely out of her belly and coated the entrenched penis, making Paul the happiest teenager. 

 *** 

 All three collapsed after the never-ending intercourse. Pam made sure she was the one embracing Lori and she wrapped her arms around the exhausted woman. When the two sort of pushed him aside, Paul simply passed out, as he lay next to Lori on one side of the bed. The lights were still on and the music played, but no one cared. 

 All of the cuffs and ties were off, but Lori didn't run. Her eyes were closed and she felt a wonderful peacefulness after a big storm that was very calming and exceptional. Even though she was in a sleep like state, her senses were alive and highly sensitive. Any movement and contact was subtle for the longest time and Pam simply rested her head on Lori's shoulder and embraced the woman with one arm. 

 Pam opened her eyes just a little and glanced through slits at her brother. With her head resting on Lori, it enabled her to see across the bed and notice Paul's newfound awakening. He held his penis, which was still fairly limp, and had the base between his forefinger and thumb, as he flopped the growing cock- meat back and forth. Each time Paul went one way, he slapped his tummy and then he went the other to slap his upper thigh until his cock was semi-hard. 

 "Bro, you horny bastard, not again," Pam whispered. 

 "She's the best... the best piece of ass. I need some more," Paul replied and swiftly fisted his growing cock. 

 "Quit playing with yourself, you pervert." 

 "Just watch, sweet cheeks, I'm getting hard again so I can bang your little mommy." 

 "Holy shit, it must run in the family. I'm hot as hell whenever I'm with her, too." 

 "I'm getting harder and harder," Paul whispered and waved his impressive hardon at his sister. "I love bare tits and bald pussies when they're big and wet like hers." 

 Lori listened and every bold and brash statement sent shivers up and down her spine. All of a sudden Pam grabbed Lori's arm and shoved it to the side so that her hand rested directly on top of Paul's stomach. "Stop masturbating, you pervert, and let Lori have some fun. Let her play with your glorious cock." 

 When the hottest meat brushed across the palm of her hand, it was a natural instinct to close her fingers, which went around the thick shaft. Paul quickly moved his hand and put it around Lori's, as he squeezed his fingers into a fist. "Oh Christ, she's the best," Paul moaned, as he forced the hands up and down his throbbing erection. 

 Pam arched her back and put her lips next to Lori's ear. "Can you feel how Paul is getting ready for you? He wants you badly," she whispered. "We're going to play a game this time." 

 Lori listened despite the awful implications. The fingers surrounding her hand tightened and her fist squeezed the hardened cock. "A game... a game," she replied and kept her eyes closed. 

 "Yes! I want to see who climaxes first... you or Paul." 

 "Pam, no. Please no." 

 "I think he will, but Paul thinks he won't," Pam said and kissed the side of Lori's blushing face. 

 "Do you play games with Brad?" 

 "No, heavens no." 

 "Good! First we'll use a little foreplay to make it interesting." 

 "Whaaaa, what?" 

 "Move your hand. Pump up and down and get Paul really worked up. See if you can make him blow his load." 

 Lori's hand moved without any thought or conviction, as it was impossible to stop Paul's helping hand. She was fully focused on the burning pecker and didn't resist when Pam grabbed her right hand. Before Lori was aware of any wrongdoing, the palm of her hand brushed across her tummy and stopped right on her bald pelvis. Her fingers mysteriously stretched out between her thighs and pressed directly on the shivering pussy-lips. Lori tried to figure out what to do, as her mind went one way and then the other. 

 Pam flicked the earlobe with her tongue and then put her lips on the ear, as she pressed the long middle finger into the slit. "I think it is only fair that you finger yourself. Poor Paul is getting all worked up and I think you should get aroused as well," Pam whispered. 

 Lori tried to close her legs, but the devious girl pinned one leg off to the side. The clever teenager ensured a fingertip was pressing on the delicate clitty and Lori bit her bottom lip trying to endure the sudden stimulation. "Aaahhh, aaahhh," she pleaded and tried to keep her fingers still. 

 "Oh look, Paul is hard. His cock is rock-hard. Keep stroking his cock." 

 "Huuugggg, huuuugggg." 

 "Oh my, you're wet... soaked. Keep moving your fingers, my love. Yes, yes!" 

 "Whhhaaa? Whhhaaaaaa?" 

 "Yes, move your hand up and down... faster, up and down." 

 Lori felt her hand furiously stroke Paul's cock and her mind tried to comprehend what was happening. "Huuuggg." When she moved her other hand away from her crotch, she realized it was the wrong thing to do. 

 Pam sternly grabbed a big handful of hair and jerked the head back and forth, as she glared into the bewildered eyes. "I didn't say you could remove your hand. Put those dirty fingers back in your cunt. Get that pussy nice and wet for dear Pamela." 

 The severe hair pulling was enough to make her obey. Her fingers returned to the wetness and easily slipped between the puffy pussy-lips. Lori pinched the clitoris without any second thought and the hair pulling lessened. When she twirled the bud around and around, the hair pulling stopped and Pam kissed her ear. "Good girl... good girl. Huuummm, I think my love is getting a little horny," Pam whispered. 

 Familiar spasms rumbled through her midsection and Lori was afraid. She tried to loosen the grip on her throbbing clitty, but Pam quickly put her fingers overtop of hers. "Pam, please no," Lori pleaded. 

 "Oh my, you're wet... very wet. You have the nicest pussy." 

 The juices ran out and down her crack. Lori cringed and tried to keep her body motionless. "Mmmmuuuu, mmmmuuuu." 

 "I think poor Paul is ready... hot and horny. It's time to start our game," Pam stated and the twins worked together as they shifted Lori off her back and into a sitting position on top of Paul's stomach. "Good girl! Sit on top of Paul and we'll let him ogle those gorgeous titties. He loves your bouncy tits." 

 Pam grabbed her shoulders and Paul adjusted the hips so that Lori was sitting directly over his pelvis. Her legs were widely splayed and Lori tried to rise by digging her knees into the bed on either side of Paul's hips. Suddenly her torso was shifted until her crotch was slightly behind the teenager's jerking erection. 

 Paul fisted his cock and let the head brush through the alluring crotch. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, this is going to be the greatest," he said and threatened to jab the reddened labia. Then he did insert the flared head and coat it with pussy juices. "Oh baby, yes, yes!" 

 Lori tried to remain high and out of reach, but Pam was too determined. "It's game time. We're going to see who wins, Paul or my dearest Lori," Pam whispered as she forced the shaking shoulders downward. 

 Her breath caught and Lori felt the first few inches of rock-hard cock enter her steaming honey-hole. She couldn't straighten her thighs any higher, as Pam had her hands on both shoulders and kept pressing down hard. "Nnnnaaaa, nnnnaaaawwww," Lori moaned. 

 "Are you ready... ready to play?" Pam asked. 

 Paul grabbed the top of the flared hips and held them steady when he thrust with all of his might. "Yes, fuck yes." 

 Lori bounced upward and then came down hard, as the teenager embedded his illustrious cock. She couldn't breathe and merely mumbled trying to garner some sympathy. "Huuuummmm, nuuuummm." 

 "Oh good, is Paul in... is he all the way in?" Pam entwined her fingers in the curly hair and jerked Lori's head back and forth when she didn't answer. "I asked you... is Paul all the way in?" 

 Her eyes sort of rolled up and back into her head, as Lori felt her vagina milking the throbbing hardon. Her head rocked again and she responded. "Yeeeaaahhh, yes." 

 "Good! Now we can start playing the game. Paul! How are you doing?" 

 "Oh fuck, my dick is burning up and has never felt so goooooood." 

 "Fantastic! Are you going to orgasm and fill our little mommy with cum?" 

 "Sis, are you fucking crazy? I told you I'd last forever... or until our slut creams all over my cock. I'll blow my load into my slut after she cums." 

 The twins worked in unison and bounced the struggling woman up and down at a frantic rate. Paul let go of the sweaty hips and groped the swaying tits. He slapped the boobs and made sure to fondle the nipples each time his hands swiped across the wildly moving titties. 

 Lori glanced down at her chest and watched Paul play with her wildly bouncing boobs. She anticipated some pain from the slapping, but the opposite resulted, as her nipples swelled and hardened. "Stop, please stop. It hurts," she pleaded despite it being a lie. 

 Pam crouched behind Lori, as she let go of the handful of hair. She curled her arms through Lori's and pinned the woman's arms back as far as possible, which shoved Lori's chest out at her leering brother. 

 There could be only one winner and that outcome never even entered her mind. Lori gritted her teeth with great determination and vowed to outlast the aroused teenager. "Noooo, noooo, stop." 

 "My love, I think Paul is close. He's getting close and wants to fill your pussy with cum," Pam whispered and chuckled when Lori shivered with great anxiety. "Are you getting close? Do you want to cum?" 

 "No, no, never," Lori replied and suddenly tasted a little blood as her teeth bit harder on her lip. "Never!" 

 "Do you want me to make Paul stop? Do you?" 

 Lori rode the bouncing hips, as she replied. "Yeaaaaayes, please." 

 "Oh look, I think Paul is ready. He's going to cum." 

 Lori envisioned winning even though the game was not one she wanted to play. "Good, oh good," she moaned, as severe tremors rocketed through her body and she wondered why. 

 Paul cupped one boob and Pam worked her hand around Lori's chest to cup the other. She moved the titty around furiously and made sure her brother noticed. "Did you hear Paul call you a slut? He thinks you're his slut." 

 Her head rolled back and forth and Lori tried to stop bouncing, but it was impossible. The imposing cock filled her like no man had ever done and seemed to widen her cervix to the extreme. She listened to the young temptress and vowed to endure her taunting. "I'm not. You're making me... forcing me to do this." 

 Pam grinned and noticed the worried look on the pretty face. "Yes, I think poor Paul will not last. Let's make sure you win and he loses." 

 "Yes, yes, yes," Lori moaned, as a demoralizing spasm rocked her confidence. When a second, third and more happened, she was scared. "No, no, nooooo." 

 Pam laughed in her ear. "Oh good... good, keep moving your sexy ass back and forth and make Paul suffer," she whispered. "I want you to use your fingers." 

 It was crazy yet Lori knew exactly what Pam meant. Suddenly her right arm was free and somehow her hand closed over her heaving tummy. She gasped for much needed air and felt her stomach going in and out at a frantic rate. "I can't... no, I can't," she moaned. 

 "Yes, do it for me. Make Pam happy and use your fingers," Pam said and kissed the side of the flushed cheeks. "Do it. DO IT! Finger yourself!" 

 Her hand slowly dipped and tremors of despair shot through her entire body when the fingertips grazed the shivering tummy on a downward path. The fingers curled around the bony pelvis and immediately entered the soaked pussy-lips, which were already spread. When the swollen clitty slipped between her skilled fingers, earthshattering convulsions instantly erupted deep inside her epicenter. 

 "I think Paul is close... real close," Pam whispered and grinned when the shapely hips vibrated. "He's ready... yes, he's ready." 

 "Yes... yes, yes," Lori said, as her body went out of control when she imagined winning the ultimate battle. The relief felt wonderful. Her hips jerked randomly from the sporadic spasms consuming her inner being and she milked the throbbing teenage cock. 

 Pam stared down the quivering tummy and watched the fingers roll and squeeze the delicate clitty. "Faster, my love, faster!" 

 Lori knew it was wrong yet she obeyed. "Oooohhhh, oooohhhh." 

 "Faster! Faster!" 

 The bud was between her fingertips and Lori twirled, as fast as she could. "Noooo, noooo." 

 "Fuck yes, yes," Paul groaned, as he froze fearing the end. His body stiffened and he curled his back to keep his hips thrust high in the air. Lori sat on top with the throbbing and twitching cock buried to the hilt. There was the magical and reactionary jerking of the enlarged cock and the contracting squeezes of the tightened vagina. The twins knew what was happening and they held their breath with great expectations. 

 Thirty seconds passed, as Paul sensed the womanly orgasm robbing his stamina and causing the blood to surge through his thick cock-shaft. Each time a throb happened inside her deepest being, Lori shuddered and couldn't prevent her stomach muscles tightening and milking the embedded manhood. 

 Pam stared in awe at the sweat-covered, womanly torso. She glanced between the widely spread thighs and noticed the fingertips rolling the pinkish clit around in a furious manner. "Yes, my love, use your fingers. Make me happy... make Paul happy," she whispered. "You can be Paul's little slut." 

 Lori knew what she wanted to say, but it didn't come out that way. "Yes, yes... yeeeessss," she moaned, as the juices flowed in the most wanton fashion. "Oh gawd, oooohhhh gaaaawd." 

 "Good girl... good girl. Cum for Pamie." 

 "Whaaaa, yes, I'm cumming." 

 "What? I want to hear you. What?" 

 "I'm... I'm cumming. Oh gawd, I'm cumming... cuuuuuummmmmmiiiiiigg." 

 Pam comforted her mature lover and relished the lengthy climax. Just as Lori's body slowed down and the orgasm subsided, Pam noticed her brother's endurance come to a frantic end. Loud grunts of animal satisfaction filled the room and Paul blew his gigantic load of cum into the intense inferno. He held onto the trashing hips with all of his might and blasted the creamy cum into his dream goddess. 

 *** 

 Pam and Paul dreamed about having sex with Lori, but the encounter was even better than they imagined. After the two thrilling climaxes, everyone fell into a deep sleep from a mixture of exhaustion and gratification. When they woke, there was no time for more sexual delight, but the twins made sure their slave was well aware of who was in control. 

 "Paul is leaving for university next week so we won't have him around to love and enjoy," Pam informed the nervous woman. "When he comes back for break, we'll celebrate... the three of us." 

 Lori didn't know what to say and she merely put a faint smile on her face. She held the sheets over her nudity and watched the twins get dressed. When they motioned to leave, Lori breathed a big sigh of relief. Lori shivered when the teenager made a quick about-turn and returned to the edge of the bed. "From now on whenever we're alone, you'll call me Mistress. If you disobey or forget, I'll punish you," Pam stated and stared straight into Lori's eyes. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Babysitter Gets Control ****** bydawn1958© "Eh, yes," Lori whispered and instantly found out who was in-charge. 

 Pam playfully slapped Lori's cheek and it was hard enough to jerk the head to the side. "Maybe you think I'm not serious. Obey, or else," she said in a threatening manner. "What did I order you to call me?" 

 A response came out right away, as goosebumps formed on her arms, neck and cheeks. "Mistress! Yes, Mistress," Lori replied and looked back into the stern dark eyes. 

 Pam smiled to show that she was pleased. "Good girl. When you obey and do what Mistress wants, I won't have to tell your husband... or anyone for that matter what Lori has been doing. This will be our little secret, right Lori?" 

 "Yes," Lori replied and instantly noticed the big frown. "Yes, Mistress, it will be our secret." 

 "I trust you, but I need one more confirmation from my faithful slave," Pam said and grinned at the worried mother, as she paused for what seemed like an eternity. "Paul and I have to go so you can clean up and get ready for hubby's return. Before we go, I want you to show Pamela that you are obedient... totally obedient." 

 Lori returned the intense gaze and her heart pounded from the fear of what Pam might want. The end was near and she wanted it to come fast, which she anticipated would mean a full submission. "Yes, Mistress, I'll... I'll... I'll do what you ask," she whispered and noticed the big smile. 

 "Excellent! We only have a few minutes... less than five minutes so you'll have to be extremely dutiful and obedient," Pam stated as her smile got bigger. "Remove the covers. Show Paul your gorgeous boobs... and the pussy you'll be saving for him when he returns from university." 

 Lori didn't move for a brief second, but she noticed the frown of disapproval so she acted quickly. She threw the sheets off to one side and then shoved the rest of the blankets down until she was fully exposed to the twins. Her breathing grew quite ragged, as she wasn't used to precarious voyeurism or flaunting her nakedness. Her eyes shifted from Pam to Paul and noticed that both were staring without a hint of blinking. 

 "Good girl. Now you only have one more thing to do for Mistress," Pam said and looked at her wrist watch. "You have five minutes to show Mistress that you are a faithful slave." 

 Lori raised her brow and frowned, wondering what Pam meant. She looked at the teenager and the devious grin said it all. Pam had her right hand in front of her face and she was twisting and twirling her fingertips around and around the tip of her tongue. "You now have four and a half minutes!" 

 The girl was serious! Lori shuddered and her arms moved without thinking of any dire consequences. She curled her left arm and her fingers closed over her right breast. Her right hand slithered down her stomach and didn't stop until she cupped her shivering pelvis. Lori took one more glance at the controlling teenager and then she moved again. 

 Pam looked at her watch again and Lori acted. Her legs spread and more shivers of despair shot through her body when she noticed Paul leering between her splayed legs. Whimpering didn't help. Lori jumped when her fingers brushed across the puffy pussy-lips, but she continued. She placed the throbbing morsel between her fingers and then closed her legs, which put intense pressure on the captured clitoris. 

 Lori noticed Pam holding three fingers in the air and knew the time was running out. The fingers of one hand rolled a hardened nipple around in a big circle and her other fingers did the same to her clitty. The sensations were immediate and tiny spasms erupted in her stomach, as a familiar desire filled her body. When Pam motioned for her to spread her legs again, she obeyed despite knowing Paul was watching. 

 Lori closed her eyes, which helped her concentrate on only one thing. Her fingers moved willingly and she yanked the swollen clit out of the soaked hideaway, but her fingertips kept up a constant twirling. She squeezed the erect nipple and then shifted to the other trying to satisfy the teenager's wishes. "Oooohhhh, oooohhhh," she moaned, as a natural reaction to the dreaded arousal. 

 Pam rolled onto the bed and kissed her slave. "Wonderful! You've been a real good girl and made Pamela happy. Paul and I will leave so you can have an orgasm all by yourself," she whispered and ran her tongue across the flushed rosy cheek. "Think of Paul and Pamela when you climax!" 

 The bedroom door opened and closed just as violent convulsions erupted in her deepest regions. Lori opened her eyes wide and stared around the room, but there was no one there. She knew it was time to stop yet her fingers merely moved faster. Her stomach heaved and made her torso hump up and down, as the huge orgasm started. When she squeezed harder and rolled the clitty, more and more spasms rocked her body. 

 Lori knew she would regret the session yet she kept masturbating. After several spasms, she thought the orgasm might be over, but that wasn't the case, as her fingers kept twisting, caressing and squeezing. Lori thought that pain and agony would lessen the guilt so she squeezed the clit and nipples as hard as she dared, but it only increased the intensity of the pleasure, turning desire into lust. 

 It was a lengthy orgasm and Lori was thankful when her body finally came to rest. "Oh my dear, what have I done? What have I gotten myself into? My babysitter has complete control over me and can make me do anything she desires," Lori whispered into thin air. "She can make me have sex with her... sex with her brother anytime she demands." 

 Her fingers refused to let go of the beaten clitty. Merely touching the clit felt soothing and pleasurable while her other hand cupped a boob without any squeezing or caressing. "Oh gawd, what has happened to me? I can't stop touching myself and she makes me wanton all of the time. What is wrong with me?" 

 The exhaustion was too much. Lori fell asleep and woke with the biggest start. She glanced at the clock on the nightstand and frantically jumped out of bed. "Holy crap, Brad will be home in less than an hour," she said and ran for the bathroom shower. 

 THE END Report_Story 