#1 

 

 ****** A Lesbian Love Story- of Sorts ****** bysilkstockingslover© PROLOGUE: WHAT IS LOVE? 

 L-o-v-e. Just four tiny letters. 

 Love. Just one simple word. 

 Love. No two people would create the same definition. 

 Love. So many different kinds; so many different emotions. I love my mother; I love my decaf mochas; I love my teddy bear from when I was three; I love the Big Bang Theory; I love to read; I love teaching; I love wearing stockings; I love sex. Yet had I ever felt true love? I don't know. I definitely thought I was in love on a few occasions, but that faded away over time. 

 I love you. Three simple words. I have said them before; I have had them said to me; were they meant sincerely? I like to think so. Were they actually true deep down in their heart? Maybe. 

 This is a love story. This is my love story. Is it a traditional love story? No. It is a complex, layered and sexually filled story. Will you think it is a true love story? That is up to you, as each defines love as they see it. So don't judge my view of love. It is messy, complicated, addictive and, yet I think, pure. 

 It wasn't until I was 26 and my best friend for many years announced she was engaged and getting married that I realized I was in love; pure, unconditional love. A love that overwhelms you. It is intoxicating; bewildering; overwhelming; haunting. This is the story of how I found such a love. 

 For me, love equals Gwen. 

 CHAPTER 1: A REVELATION 

 Gwen and I were best friends since grade 10. We had almost every class together and graduated together. We both lost our virginity at our grade 12 prom, on a double dare that had become a tradition between us. We would both dare each other to do the same thing. In grade 10 it was to walk up and kiss a nerd; by grade 12 we were daring each other to flash old men, go without underwear during a cheerleading practice, and lastly daring each other to give up our cherries to our respective boyfriends at prom, both of us having turned 18 the month before. 

 In college the dares got crazier, each one created by me. Gwen was psychologically shy, yet when a dare was given the shy facade always seemed to fade away as she also hated to lose. 

 Anyway I digress; we both got our teaching degrees at the same college. Luckily for us, we also got jobs at the same school; me teaching kindergarten and Gwen teaching grade 3. Over the next few years I dated a couple men before strictly dating women. Unfortunately, I had been through a string of women. I broke up with women for many trivial reasons: she had an annoying laugh; she was too high maintenance; she was too low maintenance; her family was crazy; she wasn't intelligent enough for me; she was too intelligent for me; she wasn't good enough in bed; etc... What I realized after the fact is they actually all had the same problem...they were not Gwen. Gwen, on the other hand, dated a couple guys briefly before falling hard for a decent guy named Rob. 

 Anyways, life went on and had been very normal, until she announced she was getting married. It shouldn't have been a big deal as they had lived together for two years already and nothing had really changed in our relationship. We still had our weekly girls' night, our occasional dares, our daily phone calls and our constant text messages. Yet, when she gave me the news, something triggered deep inside me. I had this empty feeling and then it was replaced by this overwhelming fear and then it was replaced by something I can't explain. A light bulb went on. It didn't flicker, it shined bright. I was in love with Gwen. Not as a friend, not as a sibling; no, I loved her in an 'I want to spend the rest of my life with you' love. 

 That night I went to bed alone thinking of the few times we experimented with each other. It started with drunken kissing a few times to tease the boys at the pub, then one time for the boys when I fingered her, on a drunken dare of mine, for their entertainment; on a few occasions we masturbated side by side as we watched some porn and then eventually helped each other reach orgasmic bliss once...just once. I remember how gentle she was and how she found my g- spot, something very few had ever been able to do. In retrospect, that night was so tender, so gentle, and so perfect. Unfortunately, we never were intimate again, nor had we ever talked about that one special night. 

 Then I reflected on our friendship. I was the outgoing one, while she was more reserved. I was sarcastic funny, while she was quirky funny. I was always the one making the plans, while Gwen simply went along with it. I was confrontational, while she avoided it at all costs. 

 The more I considered Gwen and me, the more revelations exploded inside my head. She always let me decide what we did when we went out; she never disagreed with me, even when she clearly didn't agree with me; she always listened to my advice on fashion, make-up, etc.; she began wearing stockings after I suggested that they were sexy (now she always wears them). 

 As I considered our brief intimate encounters another eye-opener emerged. I was always the initiator, while she was always the follower. When we first masturbated each other it was me who suggested she let me help her out. It was all coming together. The puzzle pieces didn't all fit yet, but the picture was beginning to come into focus. Gwen was submissive. I had been with a few submissive women in my past and knew how to manipulate them. If Gwen was submissive, which I was pretty sure she was, I could seduce her. 

 I should note that I am a very attractive woman. I am 5 foot 6, hypnotic hazel eyes, long red flowing hair, small but firm breasts, a perfect tan, an intoxicating smile, a tight ass and luscious legs. I don't mean to sound arrogant, but men and women have been checking me out since I was a teenager. 

 Gwen is also pretty, but in a much more wholesome way. She is more the girl next door type. She is a brunette, with unique crystal blue eyes, large breasts which she often hides behind sweaters, a slightly chunky ass, lips to die for, cute dimples and a smile that sparkles. 

 Anyways, I fell asleep pondering...did she love me too? Would she have done more with me if I had made a move? 

 A few things became crystal clear: 

 1. I loved Gwen. 

 2. I had to stop the wedding. 

 3. I had to seduce Gwen. 

 I barely slept as I considered by seduction plan. 

 CHAPTER 2: BUYING A BRIDESMAID DRESS...THE SEDUCTION BEGINS 

 The next couple of weeks it was simple things. I started hugging her when we saw each other and complimented her every chance I got. The compliments during this time were simple, flattering compliments, things a man would never say. "Oh you painted your nails a new shade of red" or "Those shoes really help showcase your legs," or "Is that a new lipstick? It really makes your lips come to life." Each compliment seemed to perk up Gwen. 

 Then we went bridesmaid dress shopping. 

 "So what color are you thinking the bridesmaids should wear?" I asked as we arrived at the store. 

 "I don't know I was thinking green." 

 "I look amazing in green," I said flirtingly. 

 "I know it's your favourite color," she responded. 

 I coyly ask her, "But do I look hot in green?" 

 She blushed, ever so slightly, as she said with a slight laugh, "Yes, you look hot in green Julia." 

 I smiled and gave her a big hug. I then whispered in her ear, "You look hot in everything you wear." I then kissed her cheek, something I had started a couple of weeks ago, and we started looking at dresses. 

 I pointed out a couple nice ones and then headed to try on a nice dark green one that was sexy, yet still wedding appropriate. When I came out to show it off a pretty saleswoman, who looked to be in her early twenties, give or take, was there to assist us. Her name tag said Emma. I looked in the mirror and asked, "How do I look?" 

 Gwen said, "It looks really good on you." 

 "You think?" I asked. Taking a long look in the mirror I then said, "This would definitely need stockings." 

 Gwen agreed, "Yes, either black or dark beige." 

 I looked at Emma and said, "Do you sell stockings here?" 

 "Yes," Emma responded. 

 I smiled at her, my sexy flirting smile, "Not pantyhose, but thigh high stockings." 

 Emma smiled back at me with a similar flirting smile, "Yes ma'am. That is all I wear as well. I would recommend French Coffee." 

 It was my turn to be impressed. "I have never heard of French Coffee as a colour." 

 Emma smiled and said, "Do you like the colour I am wearing?" 

 "They are very fetching, but they are suntan are they not?" I said. 

 "Very good. Well French coffee is a darker shade, one that would be perfect with that shade of green. They are a 50s style vintage stocking." 

 "Can you get me a pair?" I asked. 

 "Yes ma'am," she responded. 

 "It's Julia," I said. 

 "I will get you a pair," she paused smiling coyly at me, "Julia." 

 As she walked away, I watched her waiting for the look back; as expected, it came with a sly smile. I looked at Gwen and said, "What do you think Gwen? Think I can seduce her?" 

 Gwen looked at me with a look I could not read. "Well few have ever been able to resist the Julia charm." It should be noted that Gwen has seen me seduce many men and women throughout the years. 

 "You did," I paused, "Well mostly." 

 Gwen blushed, but before I could continue cute little Emma returned. The brunette handed me a package. Instead of going back to change in the dressing room, I simply opened the package and decided to put them on in front of the two girls I was trying to seduce. 

 I slid off my three inch pumps and slowly slid a stocking on my tanned legs. I made sure to make eye contact with Emma as I put on the first stocking. As I put on my second stocking I looked eye to eye with Gwen who watched before looking away when she realized I saw her watching. I then looked in the mirror. Pretty Emma was right. The stockings really showcased both my legs and the dress. My long red hair also was showcased by the dress. I never looked better. I looked at Emma and said, "Good call, how do I look?" 

 "You look radiant ma'am, I mean Julia." She said overly friendly. 

 "Radiant. That is very flattering. Can you bring me a pair of matching heels for this dress?" 

 "Sure," she said, "A size 6 I assume." 

 "You are very good at your job Emma, a size six indeed." 

 Emma walked away, her ass swaying perfectly in her tight black skirt. 

 I winked at Gwen as I quickly pulled off my panties and tossed them to Gwen. She was startled, but only briefly, as she quickly put them in her purse. 

 Emma came back with two shoe boxes and knelt beside me. I lifted my foot up, legs open enough to showcase my shaved pussy, as Emma slid on the matching green pump, slowly caressing the back of my ankle and calf as she did so. She was a seductress too. Even so, her face gave a startled look as she saw my uncovered cunt. She lingered longer than propriety would allow, before reaching down for the second shoe. As she put the second heel on, she again took a lingering look at my delicious pussy. As she was hypnotically seduced by my appetizing delicacy, I said, "Like what you see?" 

 She broke her stare and stood up embarrassed and tried to change the topic. "Um, those shoes really work for this outfit ma'am." 

 I smiled at her and said, "It is Julia dear. Plus you didn't answer my question." I then moved close to her and whispered, "Did you like what you saw." 

 Her face was red, yet she caught on to the game quickly as she recovered, "Very much so." 

 "I thought you would," I said and turned to look in the mirror while I winked at Gwen who shook her head. "Emma these are good, but not amazing. What else do you have for me?" 

 She reached for the other box as I sat back down and lifted up my leg, angled so this time Gwen could take a peak as well. Emma slid off my shoe and replaced it with a sexier pump with a strap that wrapped around my ankle. Emma took her time putting my shoe on; her gaze rarely leaving mine. When both shoes were on, I checked the mirror and knew instantly this was perfect. I did a twirl and said, "So Emma, how do I look?" 

 Emma walked over to me and said, "Ravishing." 

 I smiled back, "Thanks Emma. Gwen I think this is the dress and these are definitely the shoes. You think?" 

 Gwen, who was gawking at me quite frankly, responded awkwardly, "Yes, yes, they are perfect." 

 I turned to Emma, "We will buy it all Emma. Can you help me get the dress off please," I asked as I went into the changing room. 

 Emma looked back to see if anyone was coming before following me into the room. 

 As soon as the door was closed, I pushed her against the wall and kissed her passionately. She kissed back with a similar intensity. I broke the kiss eventually and she helped me out of the dress. I kept on the nylons and fingered my pussy quickly before putting my finger at Emma's lips. She obediently opened her lips and savoured my love juice. I then got dressed and said, "Emma, I will be at Le Chateau Club next Saturday, I expect you will be there." 

 She looked embarrassed as she whispered, "I can't." 

 "Why?" I asked with a seductive pout, "You don't find me attractive?" 

 "No, I find you incredibly intoxicating. It is just," she paused for a long time, "I am only 20." 

 "Really? You look over 21," I said genuinely surprised. 

 Her face glowed with pride as she said, "Thanks, I turn 21 in a couple of months." 

 "Well," I said, "Do you want to see me again?" 

 "Desperately," she said eagerly. 

 "Well then meet at Le Chateau Club at 9:30 next Saturday. I know everyone there, if you come with me they will let you in." 

 "Really," she said like a little school girl, "I have wanted to go there forever." 

 "Well consider me your Fairy Godmother, but a lot younger, hotter and someone you want to fuck." 

 She laughed and said, "I will be there; what should I wear?" 

 "It is a high scale lesbian bar, so dress classy, yet sexy. Your outfit should showcase your assets and have the other woman drooling to please you, but should also be made so others can easily access your...," I paused for effect, "fun parts." 

 She said, "I have a few ideas." 

 "You understand," I cautioned, "That you are must obey all my commands when at the club." 

 She looked slightly surprised, but quickly regained her composure, "Well that goes without saying." 

 I smiled, "You are a little deviant, aren't you?" 

 She moved in, her hand on my ass, "In more ways than one." She moved to my ear and whispered, her hot breath on my neck, my weak spot by the way, "What about your friend?" 

 I responded, "She's straight, or at least she thinks she is." 

 As my hand slid under her skirt, just teasing her pussy through her panties, she moaned into my ear, "She's a dyke, even if she doesn't know it yet." 

 She nibbled my ear, my knees giving just a hair, giving away my weakness, as I responded, "That's my hope." 

 I kissed her again one more time and opened the door. I went to Gwen and said, "Can I have my panties back?" 

 Gwen sheepishly opened her purse and handed them to me. 

 I gave them to Emma and said, "A gift for my little slave." 

 She smirked, looked around, slid off her panties and tossed them to me, "I can't take a gift without giving one back." 

 I grabbed them, handed her my phone and said, "Type in your number in case something comes up." 

 She grabbed the phone, expertly typed in her pertinent information and handed me back the phone. 

 I took it back, paid for my outfit, using her generous 25% discount, and Gwen and I headed out. We headed over to Annie's house for our once a month Bridge night where I purposely avoided Gwen as much as possible, trying to play a little aloof. Although I did tell the girls about the new girl I met and how she would be a good little plaything for a while. The girls called me a lesbian slut and I shrugged my shoulders and agreed. 

 CHAPTER 3: BUYING SOME TOYS 

 The school week went on with little fanfare as it was report card week, so both Gwen and I were bombarded with work. Writing down comments for 60 kids in every category of learning is exhausting and brain-numbing. So on Friday, Gwen and I went out for drinks, to celebrate another ending of report card reporting; Rob was out of town as was often the case. After a couple drinks we left, Gwen saying she was exhausted and needed some sleep. I laughed and said it was only 7, but I too was pretty tired. 

 As we got in the car I said, "Can we make one more stop?" 

 Gwen responded, "Sure, where else do you need to go?" 

 "The adult shop on 8th. I need a new toy or two for tomorrow night," I said rather matter-of-factly. 

 "Oh," Gwen said surprised and seemingly a bit crestfallen. 

 "Plus, you being an old married hen pretty soon, we should get you some special toys for yourself. Rob is out of town a lot." 

 "I --I --I have a toy." 

 "I know, the same small, thin vibe you had in college isn't it?" 

 "Maybe," she said ever so slightly defiant. 

 "It is isn't it?" I said while laughing, "I was just kidding." 

 She responded all defensive, "I don't need it, Rob is all I need." 

 "Really, Rob is gone for weeks at a time, how do you survive? If I don't get off every day or two I am a complete mess." 

 "Every day or two?" Gwen asked astonished. 

 "Usually every day, sometimes more than once, if I am being honest," I said honestly. 

 "Huh," Gwen said contemplating, her mine seeming to go elsewhere. 

 "It's settled girlfriend, we are getting you some new play things." We drove in silence for the last couple minutes of the drive. 

 We entered the store and I went directly to the toys. Now I have a decent collection of adult accessories already, but I decided this was a great opportunity to up the ante on my seduction of my best friend. 

 The first thing I did was grab a pair of handcuffs. "Ever been handcuffed?" 

 Gwen shook her head no. 

 "Well you really should try it. It is exhilarating when you are totally at the whim of someone else. It is, even better, to be the one handcuffing someone else. Suddenly you have all the power. These ones even glow in the dark, that would be pretty handy don't you think?" She didn't answer as I tossed a pair into a basket and said, "One can never have too many pairs." I then walked over to the vibrators. I grabbed a 7 inch black one and tossed it to Gwen. "Is Rob this big?" 

 Gwen blushed and looked at the toy as if it was an alien object. 

 "Twice as big as the one you have now." I then grabbed a 5 inch pink one with five speeds and said, "This may be more to your liking." I then took the black one and tossed it in the basket. 

 Gwen looked at the toy as I moved to a double ended dildo, something I didn't actually have. I looked at them as a saleslady, a woman in her late 40s, black hair, clearly dyed, and hazel eyes, walked over. I asked her, "Any advice on what kind of double ended dildo one should buy?" 

 Gwen dropped the toy when she realized someone else saw her with it. 

 The woman, clearly not fazed by such a question, answered, in a clearly British accent, "Well it depends on what you want. Our most popular, for women of experience, is our 7 inch long and a solid one inch thick double dong." She reached up to an upper shelf, where I got a good look at her still firm ass. She handed it to me still in its packaging. 

 "Have you ever used one yourself?" I asked teasingly. 

 She smiled and said, "Long ago in my college days." 

 "Was it effective?" 

 "Oh it did the trick." 

 Gwen just watched the sexual verbal exchanges, not saying a word, yet seemingly hanging on every syllable. 

 I looked at it and burst out laughing. "Gwen it's called the Pretty in Pink Double Dong. That is hilarious. Seriously, it even has two different John Hughes references." 

 Gwen looked at me confused. 

 "Well the Pretty in Pink reference is obvious, but remember in 16 Candles that Chinese exchange student is named Dong," I explained. I then continued, "I have to get this." I placed it in the basket which was already half full. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Lesbian Love Story- of Sorts ****** bysilkstockingslover© The saleslady then handed me a much slimmer blue dildo called a Feeldoe Dildo. I looked at in awe. The saleslady explained, "This one is for a situation where one wants to be a little dominant and still get off at the same time." 

 "That sounds like me," I flirted. 

 "I thought it may," she said back. 

 "So how does it work?" I queried greatly intrigued. 

 "Well you see the one part goes inside you, while the other would go in your lover and you could actually use it as a penis to make love to her." 

 "Wow," I said, "Look Gwen isn't this cool?" 

 Gwen blushed again, but said, "It is creative." 

 "That it is," I said looking for a price. "Ouch," I said, "its 120 bucks." 

 The saleslady said, "It is expensive, but if you buy at least 5 toys, I will give you the special customer discount of 30 percent." 

 "Well in that case," I flirted, "How can I say no?" The saleslady put it in the basket for me. 

 "I also need a strap-on cock, preferably one that vibrates as well. Do they make such a thing?" I queried as Gwen gave an awkward cough slash choke sound. 

 I looked at her and winked. 

 The British woman completely unfazed answered, "Yes they do. What length were you considering?" 

 "What length do you like?" I teased. 

 She chuckled as she said, "It has been many years since I have had the need for such a toy, but the women who come in here tend to like a couple different ones." She grabbed a black one that was eight inches long and said, "This one is for deep penetration, but I am told, by some very reliable sources, that women love it, especially if it is turned on high." 

 I grabbed the straps and wrapped it around my skirt. I asked, "Can you buckle it up for me?" 

 "Sure thing sweetheart" she responded and buckled me up. I was slightly disappointed that there was no sexual tension or teasing by her. Usually my flirting works on almost everyone. I decided I would have to turn on my charm. 

 I turned to Gwen and said, "So how do I look?" 

 Gwen stuttered and stammered questioningly, "Well, um, good?" 

 "Really, just good?" I teased feigning hurt feelings. 

 Gwen quickly reiterated, "Well great for a girl with a strap-on, but isn't that way too big?" 

 "God no, I have had bigger cocks then this in me before. I won't even fuck anybody less than 7 inches now-a-days and that is only if I am desperate to get off." I paused, for dramatic effect, "Well that was the rule before I quit dating men and started fucking only women." 

 Gwen looked bewildered and overwhelmed. I couldn't tell if she was turned on by me or repulsed. 

 The British saleslady broke the tension by upping the erotic tension when she said, "On the other hand, if you are into butt play, a smaller, thinner strap- on is better." She then handed me a pink cock. 

 I looked and said, "Good call, that eight inch would be too big for my ass, but this would fit snugly." 

 Gwen stammered trying to get the words out, "You, you.." 

 I walked over to her and said astonished, "You have never had a cock in your ass? Ever?" 

 "God no," she said. 

 "Ever?" I said trying to press her buttons by acting like it was the most natural sexual act in the world. 

 "No, I would never do that," she said confidently. 

 I smiled and said, "Never say never, honey." 

 I dropped it in the basket and took off the one on my waist and dropped it in the basket also. 

 The saleswomen then said, "We do have a brand new product that I think you will really like." 

 "Do tell," I responded curiously. 

 She handed me a pink strap-on cock that had a second plug for the woman wearing the strap-on. I looked at it and said, "Does it vibrate?" 

 "Both do," she said and added, "The one could be in your vagina or butt while you pleasured your lover." 

 "Really," I said all excited. 

 "Yes, it is similar to the feeldoe, but this one vibrates and is cheaper." 

 I looked at the price; the vibrating duel harness, as it was called, was only 60 bucks. "Well, I think I will take this instead, um, what is your name?" 

 "Audrey," she said. 

 "Well Audrey, you have been amazingly helpful," I said as my hand gently caressed her arm. 

 "That is my job," she joked. "Now I get the feeling that you have a bit of a domination streak in you, am I correct?" 

 "Well," I shrugged nonchalantly. 

 "I have a very unique item if you are into extreme power trips in the bedroom." 

 "Do show?" I said. 

 She handed me a strange looking 6 inch long beige cock with a strap. I looked at her confused, "Another strap-on?" 

 She gave a soft sincere laugh as she said, "No, no, it's called the Accommodator. You wrap it around your lover's head and she can pleasure you with her face." 

 The light bulb went on as I said, "I can have my slut just fuck me with a cock on her face." Audrey shook her head yes and I said, "That is amazing." I looked at it closer and said, "I need to see it on someone." 

 I looked at Gwen and decided to test the water just a bit and asked, "Gwen will you audition it on for me." 

 "Um," she began awkwardly, but I just walked over and put it on her head. 

 "Wow, that is awesome," I said. "I'll take it." I quickly took it back off her so as to not humiliate her too long and tossed it into the full basket. I then noticed a hilarious named anal toy the Rump Shakers Vibrating Butt Plug which was 5 inches long, an inch wide and a crazy inch and a half at the base. I had never had anything that wide in my butt, but maybe someday. Plus it came with a remote control. 

 I asked, "How far can one control the butt plug?" 

 Audrey said, "I am not sure, let me check." She read the back of the box and after a minute or so said, "It doesn't say." With that, she opened the package and quickly inserted the batteries. She then handed me the plug. I turned it on. Audrey then used the remote to make it vibrate faster. With each speed she moved a few feet back. 

 "Wow", I said, "it works from at least 20 feet, that would be handy?" 

 Gwen looked at me and said, "How?" 

 "Well say you have it in a girl's butt and want to get her off, you can do it from across the room." 

 Gwen sarcastic, for the first time today, said, "Well obviously, who wouldn't need such a convenience." But I saw her head spinning as she contemplated all she saw today. 

 I tossed it in the basket, smiling right at Gwen, and said, "Never know when this will come in handy. Audrey, which toy would be best for a girl who is always alone because her husband to be is always on the road?" 

 "Is she into kink?" 

 I looked at Gwen, "Are you into kink?" 

 "God no," Gwen said astonished by the question. 

 "No," I said to Audrey, who chuckled. 

 "Well then the we-vibe-2 is an amazing little toy that can be used by yourself, with a man or with a woman. It goes inside your vagina and the inside part vibrates hopefully hitting your g-spot while the outside vibrates on your clitoris." She handed on to me. 

 "Wow it is small and light," I said amazed for once myself. 

 "Yes, it is and you can have it inside you when you are being pleasured by a man's penis or one of your," pausing for effect, "special toys." 

 "Nice," I said. "Gwen, your engagement present from me is this." I then tossed the small toy to her. 

 She caught it and looked at it closely. She turned it on and jumped a bit. 

 As she played with her toy, I whispered to Audrey, "I also need two jelly egg vibrators with remote." 

 She smiled, seemingly knowing my future purpose for them, as she said, "I will add them to your things." 

 "No, I am going to ask for one, but I need you to tell me that actually they are buy one, get one free. Of course, you can charge me for both." 

 "I understand," she said. 

 I leaned right into her ear, as I slipped her my card, "If you ever want to reminisce and relive your younger days with the toys give me a call." 

 She smiled, her face blushed, as she whispered back, "You never know sweetie, I just may take you up on that offer." 

 I nibbled on her ear briefly and said, "I would fuck you like no man ever has." I then moved away before she could respond and asked no longer whispering, "Audrey to you have any jelly eggs?" 

 "Yes actually, and they are on sale. Buy one, get one free and they come with a remote control similar to the one for your butt plug." 

 "Well Gwen today is your lucky day; besides your little vibe thing there, you get a free jelly egg." 

 "What is a jelly egg?" 

 "It is a tiny little vibrating toy, shaped like an egg, that goes inside you and can tease and please you all day long," I explained handing her an egg and taking the vibe from her. 

 "Oh," she said, looking at the small egg. 

 "Thanks Audrey, I think that is all I can afford today." 

 Audrey smiled and said, "Do you need any lube for the toys or anything?" 

 "No, no," I replied, "I've got lots of lube." 

 Audrey then took the basket and went to the till. 

 We followed and saw Audrey whisper something to her 18 year old employee. The young girl nodded her head in understanding. 

 I grabbed an anal starter's kit for 10 bucks on my way to the till; hopefully something I could use on Gwen someday as well. 

 The brunette scanned all the items and then Audrey scanned her card and typed in 50%. I looked at her as she said, "You are now a gold card client." She handed me a business card with her name on it, Audrey Murphy, and a cell phone number hand written, and continued, "You will always get 50% off anything you buy here. Call me anytime you need anything." 

 "Anything?" I asked, "That is a pretty broad word. 

 She flirted with me for the first time as she stressed, "Anything." 

 "Good to know and thank you very much, that is very sweet of you," I thankfully responded playing on the word sweetheart, she had earlier called me when she had no idea what was about to happen to her. 

 I grabbed the bag, pulled out Gwen's we-vibe, and the medium sized vibrator I had forgot to take out when we picked the other vibe. I kept the extra egg for a later seduction. 

 I handed them to Gwen, who sheepishly took them. Behind us we heard, "Gwen, Julia, how are you?" 

 I turned around to see our principal, Glenda White, with her husband. Gwen frantically pleaded to the teenager, "Please put these in a bag for me now." 

 The teenager obliged and handed Gwen the bag. Glenda looked at my large bag and gave a smirk, but said nothing. We talked about nothing for a couple of minutes and then Gwen and I headed out. 

 I burst out laughing as soon as we exited the building, "What do you think old bag Glenda would be doing in a sex shop?" 

 Gwen just shrugged, still embarrassed from being seen in a sex shop. 

 "Probably buying a strap-on to fuck her husband with. I bet she wears the pants at home," I vulgarly suggested. 

 Gwen just shook her head, used to my over-the-top commentary. 

 "Can you imagine, our principal wearing a strap-on...what a hoot," I exclaimed still laughing hard. 

 We got in the car and headed back home relatively in silence. 

 As I dropped Gwen off I said, "Tell me how it works, I may have to get one of those myself." 

 Gwen sighed slightly as she said, "I doubt I will try it tonight." 

 I said, with just a bit of a dominant tone, "Oh you are using it tonight. I want details. I didn't spend all that money for your new pleasure toy to sit in your nightstand." 

 "Um," she hesitated. 

 "No ums Gwen," I said confidently, "Promise me you will use it tonight." 

 "Fine," she said, giving in like I thought she would, "I'll use it on myself." 

 "Good," I said, "I want to know if I should get myself one, now that I have a fifty percent discount." 

 Gwen shook her head, "How do you always get so lucky?" 

 I smiled, "You can get lucky like that too. Gwen, you just have to know how to talk the talk, flirt the flirt and flaunt the flaunt." 

 Gwen began to get out of the car as I finished, "Tomorrow night, I am picking you up and we are going to Le Chateau Club." 

 Gwen looked startled as she said, "The lesbian club?" 

 "Yep," I said matter-of-factly. 

 "I can't go there," she began. 

 "I have gone with you on double dates with complete losers; the least you can do is go with me once to my favourite club." 

 "Fine," she said, which meant it wasn't fine, but she would do it. 

 "What should I wear?" 

 "That red dress you wore at the Christmas party would work," I answered as I blew her a kiss and got out of there before she had a chance to change her mind. 

 CHAPTER 4: AN INTERLUDE-SOME QUICK MILF DOMINATION 

 I got home and although I was slightly tired, my hormones controlled me. I grabbed the card of the sexy MILF saleslady Audrey and texted her. 

 January 31 7:03PM 

 From: Julia 

 Hi Audrey, 

 What time do you get off? 

 January 31 7:05PM 

 From: Audrey 

 9:30 give or take. 

 January 31 7:09PM 

 From: Julia 

 I expect you to be at my condo at 10:00. 

 January 31 7:11PM 

 From: Audrey 

 My husband expects me home. 

 January 31 7:19PM 

 From: Julia 

 This is a one time offer. If you are not interested I understand. If you are interested, I expect you here at exactly 10PM. 

 January 31 7:23PM 

 From: Audrey 

 I will be there. What is your address? 

 January 31 7:27PM 

 From: Julia 

 Good choice. I look forward to fucking you. Call me when you are leaving. 

 January 31 7:31PM 

 From: Audrey 

 OK. 

 I then went and took a nap. I was woken up at 9:27 as the phone rang. I grabbed it and answered, "Hello." 

 The British MILF Audrey was on the line. She said she was done a bit early. I gave her my address and she said she should be about 20 minutes. 

 I changed into something a little more domineering. Black stockings and a garter, 5 inch fuck me heels, a black thong, and a lace bra. All this deliciousness was wrapped inside my silk red robe. 

 Audrey arrived early and I let her in. She was in the same outfit she wore at work, but she brought a bag in with her. 

 She handed me the bag and said "A couple special gifts for you sweetheart." 

 I opened the bag and saw a we-vibe and the blue feeldoe slim dildo that I didn't get because it was so expensive. "Why thank you Audrey, that is very nice of you." 

 "You're welcome," she said, shyly. 

 "So what did you tell your husband?" 

 "I told him that our inventory was not adding up and I may be an hour or two late and not to wait up for me." 

 "I see. So are you ready to get fucked?" 

 "Yes," she whispered. 

 "Get undressed," I demanded. She slowly slid out of her skirt, tights, blouse and bra. "When was the last time you were with a woman?" 

 "In College, that would have been 1982." 

 "Your room mate?" I queried. 

 "No, my boyfriend's sister," she responded. 

 "Nice," I said, "Very nice. Come undress me," I commanded as I dropped my robe to the floor. 

 Her mouth dropped open a bit as she looked at my near perfect body. She walked over and took off my heels and my skirt. She then slowly pulled down my thong. I grabbed the bag and led her to the bedroom and laid down on my bed. I simply said, "Let's see if you remember how to please a woman." 

 She crawled onto the bed and between my legs. I opened a little wider as she began licking on my pussy lips. She was so tender and focused. She licked, nibbled, and teased. This luxuriously slow paced pleasing went on for minutes. When she had me near the brink she slid a finger inside my eager hole. A couple of minutes of slow fingering and concentrated licking and my legs stiffened, squeezing her head between them as an orgasm quaked my whole body. I collapsed on the bed, sweat pouring from my body. 

 I then went to the bag and grabbed the feeldoe toy. I placed the one piece inside my still very wet pussy and pushed her onto the bed. I said, "That was very good Audrey. You will make a good little pussy pleaser when I need to get off." 

 She looked at me, but said nothing other than giving a slight smile. I went between the older woman's legs and lapped at her soaking wet cunt. After a couple minutes of licking her moaning began. 

 I then moved up and kissed her hard as my plastic cock slid easily inside her. 

 Any restraint or shyness she had earlier faded as, without instruction, she started gyrating on my cock. Also, I learned surprisingly, she had a foul mouth. "Oh yes, fuck me hard, pound my cunt, harder, please don't stop." 

 "You like that slut, being fucked by someone half your age?" 

 "Yes, yes, I love it, fuck it feels so fucking good." 

 I kept pumping and her first orgasm scream filled the room as she moaned, "Oh fuck, I'm cumming, keep fucking me." 

 After her orgasm, I said, "Get on your knees." 

 I reached for some lube and lubed my cock. I asked, "Ever had a cock in your ass my little MILF?" 

 She moaned, as the toy teased her anal crown, "Yes, my husband regularly fucks my arse." 

 "Arse," I said with a chuckle, "I love that, it sounds so much dirtier than ass. How big is your hubby?" 

 "Five inches or so," she answered. 

 "How disappointing, think you can handle this?" 

 "I'm your whore tonight. Do with me as you please," she said. 

 I grabbed her hips and started pushing the toy into her ass. Her moans began instantly and she started pushing back onto the cock. Soon almost the whole cock was buried in her ass and she got really animated, "Oh yes, fuck my arse, hammer me. Make me your whore. Harder. Put it all the way in." I obliged, shoving the last inch inside her MILF ass. She screamed again, her left hand rubbing her clit, "Oh my God, yes, yes, fuck it feels so good, don't stop." 

 I kept pumping her arse, faster and faster, as she shook with a second orgasm. As she collapsed on the bed, I leaned forward and collapsed on top of her, the toy still completely inside her ass. I kissed her back, keeping full pressure on her ass. Then, without warning, I began thrusting again, the toy inside me keeping me near orgasm, but not getting me off. 

 "Oh my God," Audrey screamed as another orgasm overwhelmed her, "It feels so good, I have never been fucked so completely. Yes, yes, fuckkkkkk." 

 I then pulled out, pulled the toy out of me and said, "Grab a strap-on and fuck me now." 

 She expertly put on my brand new never used eight inch cock and said, "Put the we-vibe in you first." 

 I did and was surprised at the gentle, yet teasingly, hot tremors that began to pulse through my body. 

 She then said, "Straddle me sweetheart." 

 I did just that and quickly the long cock disappeared inside my tight body. I bounced up and down on the long cock as the we-vibe vibrated on my clit and g- spot. I orgasmed way quicker than I usually did as I moaned, "Fuck yes, I'm cumming." The vibrating sensation kept me horny and I continued to bounce on the cock. I was close again when my knee went numb. I lay on my back and said, "Fuck me MILF." 

 She leaned in and began kissing me hard as the long cock began fucking me. She pounded me hard, leaning forward so the cock continually put pressure on the we-vibe and my clit. A third and fourth orgasm thrilled my body as I was pleased better than I ever had been before. 

 Exhausted, I lay there and said, "You are a very good MILF lesbian." 

 She smiled, moved on her side facing me, and said, "Thank you." 

 "I plan to fuck you again," I said casually, looking her directly in the eye. 

 "I hope so," she purred. 

 "I plan to fuck you in the same bed your husband does," I exclaimed upping the stakes. 

 "I see," she said, "You like power don't you?" 

 I shrugged, "Not always. I am tri-polar sex wise." 

 "What does that mean?" 

 "Well," I began, "One the one hand I love to dominate a woman, particularly someone like you or someone who thinks they are dominant; on the other hand, I sometimes like to just be dominated; yet, other times, I want a long, slow, love session." 

 "Well I would be tri-polar sex wise too then. I love to be dominated by my husband; I love to be made love to by my husband; it really just depends on my mood; and apparently, I love to be fucked by you." Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Lesbian Love Story- of Sorts ****** bysilkstockingslover© I kissed her gently and then said, "I have never came like that before. That we-vibe is fucking amazing." 

 She smiled, "I know, we sell a ton of them." 

 I kissed her and then said, "You know your British accent fucking turns me on." 

 "Your fucking body turns me on," she replied. 

 I looked at the clock, it was 11:15. "Shouldn't you be getting home?" 

 "Do you want to get rid of me already?" 

 "Well your husband must be wondering where you are." 

 "He might be," she said, "But I need one more taste before I go." 

 I smiled and we got into a comfortable 69 and lapped at each other's pussies for another half hour until we both had one more gentle orgasm. 

 As she dressed I said, "You will be on call for when I need a quick fuck?" 

 She smiled and said, "You got my number, but my fucks are never quick." 

 I chuckled, "I guess you proved that tonight didn't you." I kissed her one last time and she left. 

 After she left, I had a quick shower and decided to get a good sleep as tomorrow was going to be a real fun and full day. 

 CHAPTER 5: LE CHATEAU CLUB (A Lesbian Bar) 

 I slept in past lunch, before slowly getting up for the day. I read the newspaper, called my mom, and finished the new Steve Martin novel "An Object of Beauty", which by the way is a riveting novel about the art world in America in the 1990s. 

 Around three, I called Gwen. "Hi Darling," I cheerfully opened with. 

 "Hi," she responded, reluctance lingering in her tone. 

 "So, do you want to go out for supper and an early movie before heading to the club?" 

 "Sure," she said, after a slight pause, "Do we really have to go to Le Chateau though?" 

 "Yes," I said adamantly, "You have never been there and I think you should see and learn a bit of my lifestyle. I am a lesbian now and I don't see that changing." 

 "Sorry," she immediately said, "I didn't realize it was so important to you. Of course, we will go. But, I get to pick the movie." 

 "Fine," I said, feigning disappointment, "I was so hoping we would go and see Harry Potter part whatever it is." 

 "Funny,' she laughed and said, "I was thinking that action movie with Angelina Jolie." 

 "OK, she's hot, I'd do her," I said continually pushing the envelope just a tad. 

 "She is hot, I might too," she surprised me back. 

 I laughed and said, "I'll pick you up at five." 

 I then went and decided what to wear for tonight. It took forever as I wanted to look powerful, seductive and sexy. I finally decided on the stockings I had bought at the shop from Emma, a black dress that was sexy but classy, stopping just below the knee, but sexy enough to showcase my all my curves; matching black leather boots with a flashy three inch heel that went just below the knee. The dress, backless, did not allow for a bra, but I did have on a black thong. 

 I grabbed both the little eggs and a small vibe and dropped it in my purse, just in case. I did my make-up, and checked myself in the mirror; I looked pretty darn hot and headed over to pick up Gwen. 

 I arrived early and knocked on her door. Scruffy, her adorable little poodle, yapped at the door until Gwen opened it. She clearly did not want to look underdressed, as instead of the conservative, slightly sexy red dress I had suggested, she had on an amazing gold dress, a gown really, with matching four inch heels and beige pantyhose or stockings. Her hair was up and she had never looked this delicious. It really took all my will power not to just rape her right then. Instead I decided to flirt with her, "Wow, you look good enough to eat?" 

 "Julia," she said all giddy, she had been drinking already, I concluded. 

 "No seriously," I said, "If you were not getting married in a couple of months, I would be all over you." 

 She blushed and I waited for what seemed like an eternity for her to respond, when she didn't, I finished, "But you are, so I guess I will have to devour someone else tonight." I looked at my watch and declared, "We should get going, we don't want to be late at McGiny's or they just give away your table." 

 We headed out and as I drove I noticed that her nails were done, something she seldom did. The rose red shined in contrast to the gold. "I see you did your nails gorgeous, what is the occasion?" 

 She looked at me and said with a surprisingly confident tone, "I figured if I was going to an upscale club, regardless of its clientele, I had to look upscale." She paused before blurting out "Plus, I want to know if I am lesbian hot." 

 "Lesbian hot?" I asked stunned. 

 "Yes," I know I am relatively attractive for the boys, but I have no idea if I can make a woman all excited." 

 "Are you going dyke on me?" I asked. 

 "Oh no," she said, "I would never cheat on Rob, but flirting is still fair game." 

 I purred, "And don't you worry, you are definitely lesbian hot." 

 She blushed as we arrived at the five star restaurant and I said, "Indeed, flirting is allowed, but be careful; some of the women at this club are very aggressive." 

 As we got out of the car she said, "Oh, I can take care of myself." 

 I smiled to myself, thinking seducing her may be easier than I thought, but said, "Oh I know you can,' but thinking that I was not so sure she could. 

 We went in to the restaurant and had a great meal as we talked about the wedding, which of course I hoped never would occur, but I played along like a maid of honour should. I asked questions, we discussed who to invite, blah, blah, blah. The whole time I just kept thinking how badly I wanted to make love to her; to declare my love for her. 

 As we ate I said, finally changing the depressing topic, "So you know the waiter has been checking you out all night." 

 "I thought he was giving my chest area a little more attention," she responded somewhat confidently. 

 "Want to freak him out completely?" I asked. 

 "How?" she inquired. 

 "Pretend to be a lesbian," I devilishly put forward. 

 "How would I do that?" she asked considering the idea. 

 At that moment the waiter came to the table and asked, "So how is everything tonight?" His eyes, moved slightly lower to check out Gwen's cleavage. 

 "Oh good," I said, "The food is excellent." 

 Gwen, now suddenly shy, said, "Yes, it is very delicious." 

 I got up then and decided to take a small risk and moved to Gwen and leaned in and gave her a three second tender kiss. I then stood back up and said, "I am going to the ladies room lover, be right back." 

 The look on both Gwen's and the waiter's eyes was one of complete shock. Gwen's look was one of bewildered surprise, while the waiter's was more of a 'wow, did I just see what I thought I saw' look. 

 When I returned, Gwen was on a second glass of wine. I sat down and said, "Sorry if that was awkward, but the look on his face was way worth it, don't you think?" 

 Gwen responded too quickly, "Oh yeah, that was hilarious." I could tell that she was still trying to process what had occurred. But in my mind it was clear, she enjoyed it. 

 Our waiter checked back on us every couple of minutes, each time lingering a couple seconds longer than necessary. 

 When he gave us the bill I saw that his phone number was on it. I smirked. I looked at the waiter and said, "Neither of us swing that way, but do you like to watch?" 

 The guy, who probably seemed confident when he put his number down, now was way out of his league. He babbled, "Um, yeah, I." 

 Gwen, surprising me, stood up, moved towards him, and whispered just loud enough for him and me to hear, "Ever seen two women fuck?" 

 I coughed, almost choking on the mint I had just popped in my mouth; but I recovered quickly as I added, "Maybe we could add a real cock, honey?" 

 Gwen playing along said, "Yeah, think you could handle us both?" 

 The guy was as red as an apple and he barely was able to answer, "Yeah, I, could." 

 Finally I broke the awkward situation by saying, "Well, we got your number." I kissed his cheek and Gwen and I left laughing so hard tears came down her face. 

 As we drove to the movie I said, "You know, you played lesbian pretty well, girlfriend." 

 She retorted, "Well I have watched you seduce quite a few women the last couple years." 

 "Are you calling me a slut?" I asked acting all sarcastically insulted. 

 "No, no," she said all apologetic, not catching my sarcasm, "It's just watching your seductions has always been rather entertaining." 

 "Really?" I asked, "I thought that repulsed you. I have often been tamer than I usually am." 

 "I am not repulsed by it. I accept you for who you are and if you are interested in women, then so be it. Actually," she continued, "watching you play the seduction game with girls has been fun to watch and kind of hot." 

 I decided not to pursue this now as we didn't have enough time to discuss this the way I wanted to. So I said with a purr, as the movie theatre came into view, "Well, I will try to really entertain you tonight." 

 Gwen did not respond and I could not read her face. Either she was jealous of my relations with other women or she was just a supportive friend. Which was it? Or maybe it was both. I decided right then as I parked the car that tonight I would try to make her jealous. Try to get her to play all her cards. If I played mine correctly, I may be able to play her bluff. But first I had to raise the stakes. 

 At the movie we split up as I got the tickets and she got the popcorn. It was our usual routine, almost like an old married couple I reflected. 

 By the time we got to our seats the previews, all seven of them (why are there so many fucking previews), were under way. We watched the movie in silence, sharing popcorn and Swedish berries. I made sure to time my popcorn reaches for when she did, so we would often brush hands, both of us lingering in the popcorn container longer than we ever had as I pretended to reach for popcorn. I really felt like a teenager in high school when a boy would take me to a movie and he would make slight moves to see how far he could get. I wanted to push it further, but I didn't. 

 The movie ended, it was like all Angelina Jolie movies, not bad, but not as good as it could have been. The movie was longer than expected and we headed to the club at 9:35, already five minutes late. We drove talking about the movie and its relative lameness as we headed to the club and I embarked on the next step of the seduction plan. 

 By the time we arrived at the club I was worried about a couple of things and I never worried. I was usually confident and sure of myself, but this uncertainty of how Gwen felt for me was overwhelming me with self doubt, I certainly didn't want to harm our friendship. My first worry was how Gwen would react to the club and its surroundings, although I felt she would be fine; my second worry was would Emma still be there when I was already twenty-five minutes late? That said, I would eventually learn that both worries were nothing more than that. 

 As we got to the club entrance I saw Emma, waiting, in a classic red dress, with black nylons, and matching red three inch pumps. As soon as she saw me she smiled, but when she saw Gwen the smile disappeared. I said, "So sorry I'm late, the movie was longer than we thought it would be and traffic was brutal." 

 She put on her fake smile and said, "No worries. I was late myself." 

 I ignored that, I didn't like disobedience, (I told her 9:30) but she was in an awkward situation. She clearly usually was the seductress and not the prey. She was trying to play the game, but truthfully she did not know how to play it from this perspective. 

 As we entered, not carded of course, I asked the security guard, "What time did my young slut in the red arrive?" 

 He answered with a sly smile, "About 9:15." 

 "Thanks stud," I said and gave him a kiss on the cheek. 

 I smiled to myself, she had not disobeyed, and actually she was eagerly early. 

 We walked into the heart of the club and found the last unoccupied table. We sat down and ordered our drinks. It was still a bit early, the place usually didn't get crazy until11, but some action was already under way. I said nothing as both the young dyke and my hopefully future dyke became immersed in the sexuality of the scene. The dance floor was only about a third full, but entertainment was still available. While most of the women were dancing as though it was any other club, a couple of couples were not. Two women were kissing passionately, each with the other's ass in their hands, while in the corner, a woman, at least 40, had her dressed raised and a girl, probably in her mid-twenties, had her hand under the dress and was clearly fingering her. 

 When Gwen saw this she had a look of complete surprise, yet she did not look away. Emma was looking everywhere trying to take it all in. 

 I said to Gwen, "It is rude to stare." 

 Gwen looked away and to me and said, "I just can't believe anyone would do something so intimate in such a public place." 

 I smiled and said, "Oh that is nothing. In here everything goes. See over there, the woman in the gold cocktail dress. That is Megan, she is a friend of mine. Look closer, can you see the shoes from under the table?" (Author's note: If you want to learn more about Megan and her seduction of her 18 year old babysitter read my Bedding the Babysitter series...the last half of part 2 occurs at the exact same time as this chapter.) 

 Gwen did and it took her a while to process what was clearly occurring. "Is she?" 

 Emma answered for me as she said, "She is being serviced, isn't she?" 

 "Yes, she is. And you see that younger girl who just returned to the table?" 

 "Yes," Emma said. 

 "This is her first time here." 

 "How do you know," Emma inquired. 

 "Look at her. She is constantly looking around, but not making eye contact. She keeps fidgeting with her hands. Her face clearly displays both nervousness and insecurity. I bet she has only come out in the past month, maybe even the past week. Actually knowing Megan, that young ripe girl just lost her lesbian cherry last night." 

 "Wow," said Emma star struck. 

 All three of us watched as two other girls joined Megan at the table and then saw the girl crawl back up from underneath. After a minute or two, a second girl crawled under the table. Finally, Gwen shot her second drink since getting here as she said, "Really?" 

 I turned to her and said, "Everyone feels safe here. You can let out any sexual inhibitions and what happens at the club, stays at the club. For example, watching all this has made me pretty horny and I have a cute little dyke craving my pussy don't I?" 

 Gwen briefly thinking I was referring to her began to protest, weakly I may add, "I, um, am getting married." 

 But she caught on when I said, "Emma, on your knees." 

 Emma looked at Gwen, smiled and said, "If she won't please you, I will." She got on her knees and crawled under the table. I opened my legs, making sure my knee touched Gwen's. I felt my thong move slightly and then a tongue began lightly lapping my already very wet pussy. 

 As Emma tenderly licked my cunt, I explained to Gwen, who was well on her way to being drunk, "Gwen, I love the power of submission. For example, the little dyke under the table right now, is not someone I will love, but she is someone to have fun with. If I told her to, she would lick your cunt after she got me off. She will do everything I say tonight." I paused and moaned when Emma slid a finger inside me, before continuing, I looked Gwen right in the eye, hinting at my true feelings, and said, "That said, I want to fall in love. Unconditional, honest, heart-stopping love. I want to share everything I am with the one I love." 

 Gwen responded sincerely, "Oh honey, you will find that love." Her hand rested on my leg. 

 I looked her straight in the eye and responded, "I already found it; she just doesn't know it yet." 

 Gwen contemplated this, I think unaware at my implication, and said, "Well you have to tell her, show her, love is worth the risk." 

 I reflected on this said, "You think so?" 

 "I know so," she said, "No one would resist your charm." 

 "You did?" I teased, my moaning getting louder, "Hmmm, yes, I'm cumming, don't stop slut." I squeezed my legs around my little dyke's head as my orgasm sent shivers throughout my whole body. 

 As Emma returned to the table, I realized this was a perfect chance to seduce Gwen. I may never get a better chance, but she was drunk and I wanted our love, if it was to happen, to be built on a stronger platform. So I changed the subject as I said to Emma, "You are a damn fine pussy pleaser." 

 She blushed slightly and said, "I aim to please." 

 Showing my dominance to Gwen, who seemed annoyed that Emma now had my attention, I asked, "So Emma, if I asked you to crawl back under this table and please Gwen here, would you?" 

 "Of course," she said obviously, "I would turn this straight girl into a dyke overnight." 

 I laughed; Gwen blushed and looked around, avoiding eye contact of either of us. 

 I asked, "Gwen, do you need to get off?" 

 Gwen shook her head no, still not looking at us. 

 Emma shrugged, "Her loss." 

 I then said, "Indeed it is. So Emma, you are free to go mingle." 

 Gwen and I sat in silence as Emma disappeared into the growing crowd until Daphne Green, the governor of our state, and her daughter sat down with us. 

 The purple haired daughter said, "Hi coach." 

 I responded, "Hi Brittany. How are you doing?" 

 "Much better now that I know you are a dyke," she said aggressively. 

 I teased, "And why exactly does that make today so much better for you?" 

 "Because I have wanted to fuck you forever," she said. 

 "I see," I responded not really surprised, "Well we will see how tonight plays out. But first, introductions are in order." Gwen was speechless as she tried to comprehend seeing such a powerful person at such a club. I said, "Gwen, this is Daphne and her daughter Brittany. You probably know that Daphne here is our governor, while her rather blunt daughter is one of my volleyball players on the college team I coach." 

 The governor said, "Nice to meet you Gwen." 

 Gwen managed to respond barely, "Nice to meet you to governor." 

 The governor quickly corrected her, "Oh no, here I am not the governor, I am just another woman, just like you." 

 I corrected her, "Not like us Daphne, Gwen is not on our team." 

 "Oh, that is a shame. Gwen looks like she would make a very good little submissive." Gwen blushed as the governor put her hand on Gwen's leg and added, "Wouldn't you?" 

 "Um, I," Gwen stuttered. 

 The governor laughed and said, "I am just kidding. All kinds are welcome here." She then turned to me, her hand still on Gwen's leg, and asked, "So who is the fresh meat you brought?" 

 "Emma," I responded, "She is a tricky one. I think she is use to being the master, but has adapted pretty well to being the slave." 

 "I see," Daphne responded, reflecting on what I had just said. 

 Brittany had moved to right beside me, "So coach, I am not leaving here without fucking you." 

 "What do you propose," I asked coyly. 

 "We have a private room," she answered, "Bring your friend, she can watch." 

 Daphne said, "Brittany behave yourself, if Julia wants to go upstairs later she will; so back to Emma, do you own her or is she free to play?" 

 Gwen's eyes went big as Daphne asked the possession question. 

 I laughed, "Oh goodness no, she is just someone I thought I could toy with for a while; why, do you want her?" 

 "Well, I have my eye on her and that young girl Megan has tonight." 

 "Yes, she is a cutie. Way more innocent than Emma I am guessing." 

 "The two together would make a good threesome for me tonight," Daphne said rather casually, as if she did this every weekend, which she did. 

 Emma returned to the table at this moment and said slightly taken aback by seeing the governor, "Hi Mrs. Greene." Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Lesbian Love Story- of Sorts ****** bysilkstockingslover© The governor smiled and said, "It is Daphne, hi Emma." 

 Emma looked surprised she knew her name and said to me, "This place is amazing. Over in the other corner is Mrs. Wilson, my old grade 12 teacher and someone said Candice Carter is here, although I can't find her." 

 I smiled and said, "She is probably with Big Rosie, she always sees Big Rosie when she is here." 

 Emma queried, "Who is Big Rosie?" 

 "She is a permanent staple to the club. She has her own stall in the bathroom. She is a very large black woman who has truthfully the best tasting pussy I have ever had. There is often a line in the bathroom of girls waiting to kneel down and please her."(Author's Note 2: If you want to read more about Big Rosie, read the last half of Bedding the Babysitter 2) 

 "Fuck no," Emma said not believing. 

 "Fuck yes," I sarcastically responded. 

 "This I got to see," she said and began to leave. 

 The governor said with some authority, "Emma, come back here." 

 Emma quickly spun around, realizing what the governor wanted, and said, "Yes. What can I do for you governor." 

 The governor looked her in the eye and said, "For the rest of the night you will call me mistress. You are coming home with me." 

 Emma looked at me and I gave her a nod of approval. Emma submissively responded, "Yes mistress." 

 The governor then said, "I will be leaving in half an hour. Be by the door at exactly 11:30. Until then go have fun. If you want to go and dominate your old teacher till then go do so. She is quite submissive. If she gives you any attitude or reluctance tell her the governor sent you. She will behave." The governor opened her purse and handed her a slim anal stick. "Here, she likes it in the ass." 

 Emma took the toy and said, "Thanks mistress, I am so going to dominate that slut." She then looked at me and said, "Thanks for bringing me here Julia." 

 I smiled and said, "No problem darling." 

 The governor stood up and said, "Brittany, come with me. You can continue your seduction of Julia later." 

 Brittany sighed, leaned into my ear and said, "Do not leave. You are mine." She then bit my ear slightly roughly before getting up to follow her mother. 

 Gwen, who had remained silent this whole time, said, "That was surreal." 

 "Wasn't it?" I agreed. 

 "That girl was so aggressive," Gwen commented. 

 "Yeah, it made me wet," I agreed. "I never knew she was a lesbian. The governor has never brought her here before." 

 "And is that Big Rosie thing true?" 

 "Very," I confirmed, "If we go in the bathroom right now, I bet there will be a line in there not to go pee, but to please." 

 "I just can't fathom, someone waiting in line to do that." 

 "I have," I said. 

 "Really?" 

 "Oh yeah, just talking about it makes me want to do again. Her pussy is so delicious, plus the dirty submission gets me off." 

 "I can't imagine." 

 "Really?" I ask, "I am guessing that when you and Rob are in bed, he is the one in control. Isn't he?" 

 Gwen looked down and after a long, long pause said, "I suppose." 

 "Girlfriend, you can tell me," I said supportively, "After all, you know everything about me now." 

 Gwen paused and then said, "Yes, Rob is the aggressor in the bedroom." 

 "Do you obey him?" I questioned. 

 "Yes, I suppose I do." 

 "And it gets you off being submissive to him?" 

 "Yes," she blushed. 

 "So you and I are not much different then. Only I like to be in charge usually. I like to make a woman go places she only dreamed about. I like to get them to take risks that are extreme. With such submission, comes complete pleasure." 

 Gwen was hypnotized by my words. I knew I could take her now, but I wanted to wait; they say all good things come to those who wait. Plus I didn't want to just fuck her, which would be easy; I wanted her to fall in love with me. I wanted her to completely submit to me as a lover. So I said, "Time for a dare." 

 Gwen looked at me questioningly as I opened my purse and pulled out the two eggs. I turned them on and inserted one in my pussy. I then handed the other to her and said, "I dare you to put this egg in you until we leave the club." 

 Gwen took the egg, looked at it, and without saying a word, without breaking eye contact, inserted the egg inside her pussy. I smiled and said, "Let's dance." 

 I grabbed her hand and led her to the dance floor. As we danced it was clear she was drunker than I thought. Twice she stumbled forward and I caught her from falling. I took the first opportunity to slide my hand up the back of her ass, my hand staying way longer than necessary. The second time I actually caught her by her breasts, and leaned her back up, my hands still cupping her large breasts. 

 When the song ended, she said she had to pee so I took her to the bathroom. As expected, there was a line for Rosie. The line was an eclectic assortment of woman. At the front was a pretty black woman in her thirties, behind her was a blonde in her fifties I would guess, and behind her was a clearly pregnant woman in her late 20s. 

 Also in the bathroom Megan was talking to Brittany. I watched as that conversation ended and Megan joined the line. 

 I walked to Megan and said, "Hi Megan." 

 Megan smiled as she said, "It's been a while." 

 "Indeed," I agreed, "Too long." 

 "So who is your friend?" she asked. 

 "Gwen, Megan, Megan, Gwen," I introduced. 

 They shook hands as Megan said, "Nice to meet you." 

 "You too," Gwen slurred, "You are very pretty." 

 Megan smiled, "Thank you, you are very pretty too." 

 I added, "Yes, we are all pretty. So Megan who was the new girl?" 

 "Jenny," Megan answered, "She is my babysitter." 

 "How long?" I asked. 

 "Last night," she answered. 

 "Ha," I celebrated, "I so called it." 

 Megan looked confused as she moved up the line as the black woman entered the stall. I said, "I haven't tasted Big Rosie forever." 

 "Me either," Megan said, "But I watched little Jenny please her and I decided I should get a taste as well." 

 I looked at Gwen and remembered she really had to tinkle so I helped Gwen to a stall; of course it was one that had a generous peep hole of Big Rosie. I closed the door for her and was confronted by Brittany again. 

 "Come with me now slut," she said. 

 Now usually I am the aggressor, but Brittany had me wet already and I was so horny from the teasing of the egg, so I followed. I looked back at the closed stall and stopped. 

 Brittany realizing my reluctance because of Gwen said, "Your friend will be fine." I wasn't sure that was true, but had little time to consider it as Brittany grabbed my hand and led me out of the bathroom as I gave Megan a desperate look to watch out for Gwen. Brittany took me up the stairs and into a private room. As soon as the door closed, she pushed me against a wall and kissed me hard. Her hand went under my dress and began rubbing my clit. I moaned loudly as she molested me. She broke the kiss and said, "Do you want me to fuck you?" 

 "Badly," I moaned as she lifted my dress off. She then went over to the table and put on a decent sized 7 inch strap-on. 

 She then said, "Crawl over here coach." 

 I dropped to my stocking covered knees and crawled over to my player. 

 "Suck my cock coach," she demanded. 

 I took the plastic stick in my hand and began sucking it. I bopped up and down like a whore would suck a real dick. She then had me lean against a wall and began to fuck me from behind standing up. 

 "Oh shit," I said as the cock banged against the egg vibrating inside me. "I have an egg in me." 

 "You really are a slut coach," she said, as she pulled out and pulled the egg out of my pussy. She then, without warning, pushed the egg in my ass. I let out a gasp and a second gasp as the cock filled me completely. Soon I was being pounded hard while the egg vibrated in my ass. Brittany fucked me like a man as she banged me hard and talked dirty to me. "How's my cock coach? I assumed you were a slut, I just didn't know you were a dyke slut." She then grabbed my hair and pulled it as she ravished my pussy. 

 The degrading treatment had me aroused greatly and I rubbed my clit as she drilled me. I screamed loud, "I'm cumming, fuck your coach, fuck her harder." 

 Brittany obliged, making each thrust fill me completely. As soon as I finished cumming, I dropped to my knees again and like a whore I took the cock back in my mouth sucking off my own juices. Brittany smiled as she said joyfully, "You really are a slut coach." She then took off the strap-on, got undressed, sat on the couch, spread her legs and demanded, "Come eat me coach." 

 I moved between her legs, the egg still in my ass, and began lapping her shaved pussy. As soon as my tongue touched her cunt she got vocal again. "That's it coach, how does my pussy taste?" 

 I moaned a muffled, "Good," as I kept licking. I focused on her clit, trying to tease her first. 

 After a few minutes of gentle licking, she grabbed my face and pushed it into her cunt. She then began rubbing her pussy up and down on my face. I attempted to lick, but struggled to as I focused on just trying to breathe. I felt her legs stiffen and she sprayed an incredible excessive amount of cum all over me. As she let go of me, I backed up a bit, my face I am sure glistening in her juices. Still breathing hard, she said, "Fuck coach, you have a great tongue." 

 I stood up and reached around to get the toy out of my ass. I then went to the sink and washed it off. I then popped it back in my pussy. 

 "You really are a slut, coach," Brittany said as she watched me put the toy back inside me. 

 I shrugged as I washed my face quickly. I then grabbed my dress and said, "Thanks for the fuck." 

 "No problem, coach," she said. 

 I walked over to her and kissed her. When I broke the kiss I said, "Next time, I am going to fuck the shit out of you Brittany. I am going to handcuff you and then ravish your pussy and ass." I kissed her again and walked out before she could respond. 

 I quickly walked back downstairs and looked to my table. Our drinks were still there, but Gwen wasn't. I scanned the dance floor but saw no sign of Gwen. I then went to the bathroom and saw that Megan was still in there. I walked up to her and said, "Have you seen Gwen?" 

 A late 40s white woman dressed to the nines said, "Back of the line." 

 I looked at her and glared, "I am not in line, I am just talking to a friend." I then turned back to Megan and asked again, "Have you seen Gwen?" 

 Megan pointed to Big Rosie's stall and as I looked down I saw Gwen's gold four inch pumps. I gasped, "No fucking way." 

 "Way," Megan joked. 

 "What the hell happened?" 

 "Well, it's actually a strange story. After you left, Gwen was in the stall for a long time, and eventually Rosie said, "Did you enjoy the show?" Gwen panicked and left the stall as Rosie called, "Slut, I expect you in that line and I expect you to beg to please me." Gwen came out a bit frantic and as she looked around a lesbian cougar I did not know, pounced on her. She was chubby, but well dressed, and she kissed Gwen. To my surprise, Gwen kissed back and before my eyes I watched as the cougar led Gwen into a corner stall. The next ten minutes had the cougar bring your friend to an orgasm. I couldn't hear much, but your friend is a screamer." 

 "I can't believe it!" I said shocked, as Megan then told the me the story as I eagerly listened: 

 The cougar left first and Gwen followed a bit later and went and freshened up in the mirror. Gwen saw me still in line and asked, "Have you seen Julia?" 

 I said, "Gwen, she went upstairs with Brittany, she will be awhile." 

 Gwen looked shocked as she said, "She abandoned me?" 

 I soothed her, "No, no, she had no choice. When you are summoned here, you must go or you may not be summoned again. If you want, you can stay with me." 

 "Ok," Gwen said clearly out of her comfort level. 

 I asked, "Did you watch?" Gwen was slightly embarrassed so I added, "Don't be ashamed, I am standing in line to please her. Rosie is mysteriously hypnotizing in a way no one can explain." 

 "She is isn't she?" Gwen agreed. 

 I decided to test the water by saying, "You saw yourself between her legs didn't you?" 

 Gwen shook her head yes as she whispered in the quietest voice ever, "Yes." 

 I encouraged her, "It is ok, it is natural." 

 "But I am not gay. I am getting married this summer." 

 I gave her a friendly supportive hug as I said, "It's ok. Finding a woman attractive, or being turned on by a woman, does not make you gay. But if you don't do it now, you will always wonder what if." 

 "You think so," she said falling in my web. 

 "I know so. I had to try cock to know I was a lesbian; you need to try pussy to know you love men." 

 My bizarre logic seemed to work for her as she said, "That makes sense." She then stood behind me in line. 

 Big Rosie's trademark orgasm exploded from the stall and a very cute pregnant woman exited the stall. 

 I said, "Gwen here is your chance. You can go before me." 

 Gwen looked at me with extreme trepidation as Rosie bellowed, "Get your ass in here dyke." 

 Gwen quickly turned and entered the stall. I then heard Rosie say, "You are new. What is your name?" 

 "Gwen." 

 "And why are you here now?" 

 Gwen paused and said, "To, um, eat your vagina." 

 Rosie's laugh bellowed as she said, "Eat my vagina? That's a new one." There was a pause, "Hey you are the one who was watching earlier weren't you?" 

 "Yes," Gwen answered embarrassed. 

 "You are quite shy; I don't get too many shy ones waiting to dive into my pussy. What is your story?" 

 "Um, I don't know. I have never done this before, but when I watched the black woman between your legs I was mesmerized and although my mind said to look away, my body had different ideas." Gwen tried to explain. 

 "So this is your first time eating pussy?" 

 "Yes," she answered. 

 "I love virgins," Big Rosie said. 

 Megan looked back to the stall and said "And it has been relatively quiet ever since." 

 As Megan finished the story I questioned "How long as she been in there?" 

 "About 10 minutes," I would guess. 

 "I just can't believe it," I said, shaking my head dumfounded. We sat there in silence until I heard Big Rosie, "That's it my straight little pussy eater. Keep licking right there." Rosie's moans got louder and then Gwen brought Rosie to an orgasm. I waited as Gwen stood up and I heard Rosie say, "Who brought you here?" 

 "My friend Julia," Gwen answered. 

 Rosie said very accurately, "You know she brought you here with an ulterior motive?" 

 "No," Gwen said, "we have been best friends since high school; she is my maid of honour." 

 "And she wants to have you between her legs, I guarantee it," Rosie assured her. 

 "I don't think so," Gwen said with less conviction. 

 "Trust me, I know Julia. You will be between her legs very soon. That I promise," Rosie confidently predicted. 

 I then said to Megan, "I don't want her to know I know what she has been doing, so tell her that I will be back at my table." 

 "Sure thing," Megan replied and I walked out of there and returned to my table. I looked at my watch; it was almost midnight. Emma would be gone by now. My pussy was so wet from seeing Gwen's submission. I knew now I could have her, but how would I know if she loved me. I wanted it all; her submission and her love. Could I have both? 

 I looked around hoping to see someone I could pull under the table to have a quick orgasm, but didn't see anyone I knew. I then saw Candace Carter, the TV celebrity, who never said no to a pussy and called her over. "Hi, Candace," I said, 

 "Hi, Julia," she responded, "You look amazing as usual." 

 "Thanks," I said and then asked, "Are you hungry?" 

 She smiled and said, "Famished," and crawled under the table. She began licking, using her lips as well, in a way few others did. I continued to scan the crowd looking for Gwen, who finally returned from her bathroom marathon. As she walked back to the table I noticed her face was shiny, clearly still covered from Rosie's cum, walking my way. 

 She sat down and said, "I thought you left without me." 

 "I would never do that," I said sincerely. "Sorry, Brittany would not take no for an answer." 

 Gwen looked at me and said, "It's ok. I found a way to make the time pass." She paused, trying to find the right way to tell me, "I never left the bathroom. Some older woman took me into a stall and ate my pussy and then I," she paused, trying to get the words out. 

 I helped break her awkward struggle by saying, "You ate out Rosie." 

 Her face red as can be said, "Yes." 

 "It's ok Gwen," I said, my hand on her leg, "She is almost irresistible. It doesn't make you a lesbian." 

 "But," she said, "I loved it." 

 "Oh," I said. 

 "I promised Big Rosie I would return in two weeks." 

 "Really?" I asked. 

 "Yes," she confirmed, she moved in toward me, I think to kiss me, until she noticed that someone was under the table. She suddenly went stiff and said icily, "Someone is under the table again, isn't there." 

 "Yes," I said, now frustrated that I had clearly disappointed her. I tried to explain, "I went looking for you and talked to Megan and anyways I can't explain it, I got all horny again and well," I paused, "Candace Carter is under the table." 

 Gwen's icy look broke a bit as she said, "Carter really?" 

 "In the flesh," I said as I tried not to let a moan escape. But Candace was an expert between a woman's legs; plus the egg vibrating inside me and Gwen's submission was too much and I screamed a variety of odd sounds as my body exploded with joy. 

 Gwen watched the whole time and I was surprised when she lifted the table skirt and demanded, "Slut, do me now." 

 My mouth dropped and Gwen smiled and said, "How often am I going to get a chance to have a celebrity get me off. Plus this fucking egg is driving me nuts." 

 We sat in silence as Candace pleased Gwen and triggered an orgasm in her in only a couple of minutes. Candace then crawled out from under the table, cum still on her lips, and said, "Let's see the face of the cunt I just ate." She smiled and said, "Hi, I'm Candace." 

 Gwen smiled and said, "I know who you are, I am Gwen." 

 "It is very, very nice to meet you," Candace said, "Your pussy was delicious." 

 Gwen smiled and said looking directly at me, "That is good to know." 

 I realized that I was no longer the seductress, but had become the prey. That said, Gwen was still drunk, not 'I am going to be sick' drunk, but rather, 'I only did what I did because I was drunk' drunk. 

 We talked about our jobs and politics for a bit until Candace said, "Well, I have my eye on one more tasty treat tonight." She stood up, "It was a pleasure." 

 "Yes it was," Gwen and I responded in unison; we then broke out laughing as Candace left. 

 "So," I said, "We should get you home, you are kind of drunk." 

 She shrugged and said, "I suppose." She then shot her last drink. I finished mine and we headed out. 

 We stopped to watch a woman in her 70s getting fisted by a girl who couldn't be more than 20. Gwen starred too. The grandma screamed as the hand disappeared inside her gaping hole as the younger girl called her grandma slut. We also saw the same pregnant woman fucking herself with the end of a beer bottle as she watched the fisting. I shook my head and grabbed Gwen's hand as we exited the club. I held her hand all the way to the car and helped her get in. The night clearly had overwhelmed Gwen and all her energy had been drained from her. We drove home in silence and I actually had to wake her up when we got her house. To both our surprise, her husband's car was in the driveway. 

 Gwen suddenly sobered up in a millisecond as she said, "Oh my God, I still have pussy all over my face." She looked in her purse frantically looking for something to wipe her face clean. She did the best she could, but then she realized what she was wearing. "How am I going to explain this outfit?' she fretted. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** A Lesbian Love Story- of Sorts ****** bysilkstockingslover© I said, "Calm down. Phantom of the Opera is in town. Tell him you and I got all dolled up for a nice supper and a show. Technically that is all true. We did go out for a supper and we definitely saw a show. He will assume it is the play you saw." 

 This seemed to relax her a bit. I then added, "You should probably take that toy out." 

 "Oh yeah," she said, "I was beginning to get use to its slight teasing." She awkwardly took out the toy and put it in her purse. She got ready to leave and said, "Well that was very educational." 

 "That it was," I agreed. I then said to ease her conscience, "Whatever happens at the club, stays at the club." 

 She shook her head in agreement and said, "Well thanks, that was fun." 

 "I am happy you enjoyed yourself," I said slyly back. I leaned in as if I was going to kiss her lips and watched as she closed her eyes waiting for the kiss. Instead my lips just brushed hers ever so lightly before I gave her a kiss on the cheek. 

 A sigh escaped her lips, but she smiled as if she wasn't disappointed, even though she was. "Good night," she finally said. 

 "Good night," I returned and watched her leave. I followed her with my eyes the whole way in as I anticipated the look back. It didn't come as early as I expected, but it came, as she reached the door. She looked back at me and smiled. I blew her a kiss and drove home. 

 The drive home was a blur as I reflected on the night. I now had confirmation she was submissive and I now knew she was willing. The only question left was did she love me. Would she cancel the wedding and declare her love for me? I still didn't know, but I was hopeful. I smiled as I thought that the final part of my plan would begin on Monday; a two week long onslaught of affection which would hopefully cumulate in a declaration of love to her and hopefully a similar declaration from her to me. 

 CHAPTER SIX: THE FINAL APPROACH 

 I purposely did not call her on Sunday. I wanted to let the night just linger inside as she sobered up and dealt with her fiancé. I spent the day doing laundry, planning lessons and watched a movie. I love how people think if you're a lesbian all you ever do is think sex. I was a complete person with a variety of passions and only Gwen really knew the complete me. 

 Monday Feb 3 

 On Monday we met at school and acted as if nothing had happened only two days earlier. I asked how Ron was and she said, "Same old, same old." 

 "Is that a good or bad thing?" I asked trying to delve deeper for a secret meaning. 

 "Not good," she said, "He was home for the first time in five days and all we wanted to do was watch hockey." She paused and then stressed "Hockey." 

 "Well you know men, they have very limited interests. Sex, food and sports." 

 "Well he only seems to have two," she said frustrated. 

 Later, at the end of day she came in to my room all flushed and said, "I got flowers sent to me." She looked at me all freaked out, "At work." 

 I had sent the flowers so playing dumb I said, "Well that is romantic. At least he is trying." 

 "They are not from him," she said perturbed and handed me a card. 

 Lovely Gwen, 

 You are a beautiful woman. You deserve only the best. 

 Lovingly, 

 A secret admirer... 

 P.S.-That gold dress looked amazing on you. 

 "Oh," I said, "Who could it be from?" 

 "I don't know," she said, "Could it be someone from the club?" 

 "Who?" I asked. 

 "I don't know," she said. 

 "I wouldn't worry about it. Just enjoy them," I recommended. "Actually, you should take them home and show them to Rob." 

 "I can't do that," she said. 

 "I suppose not," I said. I looked at the clock and said, "Got to go coach volleyball." 

 Gwen looked at me all concerned, "Are you going to be ok?" 

 "I'll be fine. Brittany knows the rules. What happens at the club..." 

 "Stays at the club," Gwen finished. 

 I kissed her on the cheek and headed out. 

 Tuesday February 4th 

 On Tuesday I didn't see Gwen till after school as it was a hectic day. I walked into her classroom and said, "Those really are nice flowers." 

 Gwen gave a slight grin and said, 'The nicest I have ever got." 

 "That is too bad," I said, "A girl needs simple symbols of love on a regular basis. We need to feel loved." 

 "I don't feel too loved right now," she said with a frown. 

 "What's wrong? What did he do?" 

 "He won't be home for Valentine's Day. He will be in Toronto. He won't even be in the same country. Some special conference." 

 "Fuck off," I said, "That bastard. He knows how much you love Valentine's Day." 

 "He said he had no control over it. He said, we can celebrate this weekend," she said with tears in her eyes. 

 I opened my purse, grabbed my phone and called Shelia. "Hi Shelia. Do you have any openings today? Five o'clock. Great. No, it's for my friend Gwen. Yes, give her the full treatment." I hung up and said "I got you an appointment for a full body massage." 

 She looked at me confused. 

 "You are all stressed. Go see Shelia. She gives the most amazing massages in the world," I advised. 

 She said, "Well I could certainly use one." I gave her a card with the address on it. She took it and said, "What would I do without you?" 

 I laughed and said, "Probably wither away and die." 

 Gwen laughed as I headed out. 

 Wednesday February 5th 

 I wish I could tell you some riveting story or some great seduction or even something remotely interesting, but I can't. I caught the flu and spent the whole time on the couch watching lame ass talk shows. 

 Thursday February 6th 

 I returned to work and it was like Groundhog Day, except in reverse. This time Gwen was out with the flu. I coached volleyball again and ended up going out for drinks with half the team. Again, no great story, other than I had a couple two many drinks and ended up sick for a second straight day, although this one was self-inflicted. 

 Friday February 7th 

 The final part of my plan fell into place on Friday. As the day ended, I went into Gwen's room and said, "I have a plan." 

 Gwen looked at me sceptical as she said, "You do, do you." 

 "Yes, is your man still gone on Valentine's Day?" 

 "Yes," she said, "Thanks for reminding me." 

 "Well, I decided we will make it a special girl's night in." 

 "Really," she said, "You have no plans?" 

 "Yes, I do," I said, "with my best friend." 

 Gwen lit up as she said, "That would be awesome." 

 "We'll make exact plans later, but let's plan to just leave from here and no matter what we do, we will end up at my place. Bring jammies, we are having a two person slumber party." 

 "Wow, that is so high school," she reflected, "I love it." 

 I then gave her my now traditional kiss on the cheek and headed out. I was going back home for the weekend to visit the parents. Gwen was supposed to be having her early Valentine's Day celebration with her man. I got in my car and headed the four hours it would take to get home, beginning my final countdown to the seduction of my best friend. 

 Monday February 10th 

 The weekend was fun, but not really relevant to this story so I won't bore you with the details. 

 On Monday to start the final stage of my lesbian seduction I had a courier drop off a box just as school ended. The box included a card and a gift. The card read: 

 Sexy Gwen, 

 Still thinking about you. 

 Your secret lesbian admirer. 

 P.S. The gown is for you for Saturday. I look forward to seeing you again at Le Chateau Club. 

 The gown was a slinky halter gown that was completely backless and had a front v-neck opening that went to the belly button. Obviously it could not be worn with a bra. The outfit would be perfect for the annual day after Valentine's party at Le Chateau Club. A legendary annual party that I hoped to take Gwen to as my date. 

 I walked into her room after school as she was looking at the gown. I said, "Wow, that is an amazing dress. Where did you get it?" 

 She handed me a card and I read it. "Oooh, the secret admirer strikes again." 

 Gwen looked at it more and said, "Well my secret admirer treats me way better then my fiancé." 

 "Are you still going on Saturday?" 

 "I don't know," she responded reflectively. 

 "The fact that you didn't say no, means you probably will." 

 She looked at me and said, "I can't explain it, but I feel like I have to go back. It is almost all I think about." 

 "Oh, I understand it," I said adding, "completely." 

 She smiled and said, "I suppose you do. Do you think the secret admirer is Rosie?" 

 "I doubt it, it is not her style," I said honestly. 

 "Then who?" she pondered. 

 "I have no idea," I lied. 

 I gave her a hug and kiss on the cheek and headed out to coach. 

 Tuesday February 11th 

 That morning, before school started, Gwen came in my room to borrow crayons and I said, "Hey I forgot all about it, but how was that we-vibe thing." 

 She responded, "Amazing actually. The way it hits and vibrates on both the g- spot and the clit is exhilarating." 

 "So I should get one," I said. 

 "Oh definitely, although with all your toys it may be just another one." 

 I responded, "Are you jealous of my toy collection?" 

 "No," she said, "I'm jealous of your sex life." 

 The first bell rang just as the conversation was getting interesting. Gwen went to class and I prepared for mine. 

 At lunch a box of chocolates was delivered to Gwen, by me secretly of course, with another note. 

 Elegant Gwen, 

 For your sweet-spot, until I can taste your sweet-spot. 

 Your secret and hopeful lover 

 Gwen came into my room at last break and said, "I got another gift." 

 I smiled and said, "She is really pulling out all the stops." 

 "It is driving me nuts not knowing," she said. 

 "You really like this attention, don't you?" 

 She shrugged, "It is nice to be noticed again." 

 "Slut," I said mockingly. 

 Gwen looked at me and said sarcastically, "Are we really going to play that game?" 

 I feign confusion, "What could you possibly mean?" 

 "You do a different girl every day," she accused. 

 I went for the kill when I said, "Actually you have more recently ate pussy than I have." 

 Gwen looked at me surprised and said, "Really?" 

 "Yep," I said, "I am in quite a drought. My cunt may shrivel up and die." 

 This made Gwen burst out laughing as she left to get back to her class before recess ended. 

 Wednesday February 12th 

 When I woke up and checked my phone I saw a distraught message from Gwen. 

 February 12th 12:17AM 

 From: Gwen 

 Julia, 

 I tried calling you, but you must be in bed already. I really need to talk to you, Rob and I had a huge fight. 

 Gwen 

 That morning I called her and didn't get an answer. So I got to school early and as expected she was already there. I walked into her room, with two coffees, and asked, "So what is the story?" 

 She broke down crying instantly and through sniffles and so forth I got out of it that she confronted him about his lack of attention of late and that led to a shouting match and he walked out. 

 I got her calmed down and asked, "Does he make you happy?" 

 "Two weeks ago I would have said yes, but now I don't know," she answered honestly. 

 "Well maybe you guys need a break. If you are meant to be, it will all work out." 

 "I suppose" she said. 

 The rest of the day was crazy and I sent more flowers to her. I got the message changed at the last minute. 

 Glorious Gwen 

 I can't stop thinking about you. 

 Your sexy smile; 

 Your luscious legs; 

 You are perfection to me. 

 Your secret admirer 

 P.S.-You deserve someone who will make you the only star in their universe. 

 After school Gwen was jubilant and there was little evidence of her earlier emotional breakdown. That night we went out to a high school play version of Shakespeare's Othello. It was a simple night of friendship. 

 Thursday February 13th 

 I barely got to see Gwen today as I took my students' on a field trip. I did make sure to send her another note and present. The note was only a few words: 

 Sweet Gwen, 

 I long to kiss you, 

 To touch you, 

 To make love to you. 

 Your secret admirer 

 The present was a bottle of perfume. 

 CHAPTER 7: CUPID'S QUEST-THE TRUTH REVEALED 

 Friday February 14th 

 That day, I sent no note. 

 When I saw her at school, I was happy to notice she was wearing the perfume I had bought her yesterday. I looked at her in her conservative black skirt and simple white blouse and my cunt got wet. 

 I said, "Happy Valentine's Day, gorgeous." 

 "You too," she replied. 

 I handed her a Mickey Mouse Valentine's Card that said, "I heart you." I signed it saying 'I hope all your romantic dreams come true.' 

 She read it and gave me a big hug. 

 We made final plans for our special girl's night and went about our day. 

 The day ended and Gwen said as we drove to her place to pick up her travel bag, "I got no letter today." 

 "Oh," I said, "That is strange." 

 "Yeah," she said, "I was getting used to it." 

 "I know," I said, "It seemed to really boost your spirits." 

 "It did," she agreed, "Now that Rob is gone, it was a great validation." She paused, "Plus, I really want to know who the hell it is." 

 "Gone to Toronto or gone, gone?" I asked. 

 "Oh, I think gone, gone; I do deserve someone better," she said confidently. 

 "Yes, you do," I agreed. 

 We arrived at her house and I waited in the car. She took longer than I expected, but when she did return she had changed. She was wearing a flattering blue mini dress with mocha pantyhose, the dress to short for stockings. 

 I said, "Holy shit, now we have to go to my place so I can change." 

 We drove to my place and I took in her bag. I looked in my closet and choose a white mini dress with a very flattering neckline. I put on a pair of white pantyhose as well. I headed back to the car. 

 Gwen said, "Wow, you look amazing in white." 

 "Thanks. I have never worn this before." 

 We drove to Rizzo's, a restaurant that was having a special four course meal for Valentine's Day. We went in and got strange looks as the only pair that were not man and woman. 

 We sat at a table, in a secluded corner, and were greeted by a very pretty blonde waitress. Her blue eyes just drew you in. She was dressed in the standard restaurant black skirt, black pantyhose and white blouse. 

 "Good evening, my name is Kate and I will be your server tonight." 

 Gwen, surprising me, flirted, in a seductive voice, "What will you be serving?" 

 A bit of water sprayed out of mouth as I heard Gwen ask such a double entendre. Kate blushed but continued, "What can I get you to drink?" 

 "Some of your special juice," Gwen asked. 

 Kate went even redder as I said, "Two glasses of red wine." As Kate went away to grab our drinks I asked, "What has gotten into you?" 

 She shrugged and said, "I don't know. Watching you flirt with other woman has always been a bit of a turn on; I thought I would do it myself." 

 "I usually know if she is a lesbian or bi-curious before I turn on the charm," I said. 

 "She's a dyke," Gwen said confidently. 

 "How do you know? I have not even figured it out yet," I asked. 

 "Well it could be the way she looked at us; the way she took a peak at your legs as she reached our table; or it could be the way her eyes took quick glances at my cleavage as she spoke," she said like an expert seductress. 

 I laughed, "Interesting. I thought maybe you were going all lesbian on me." 

 She looked me in the eye and said, "Maybe I am going all lesbian on you." 

 As I considered her statement, Kate returned with our wine. I watched and indeed she did check out Gwen's breasts. She then said, "Your first course will arrive shortly." 

 I watched her walk away and when I looked at Gwen she was smirking at me as she said, "Told you." 

 We talked about school for a couple minutes until our bruschetta arrived. I asked Kate, "Have I seen you somewhere before?" 

 Kate looked at me and said, "I don't think so?" 

 "You look really familiar," I said. 

 "I get that a lot," she responded and then left to go to another table. 

 Gwen said, "How dare you? She was my seduction." 

 I smiled and said, "Is it dare time?" 

 "Yes it is, but I suggest a double dare," she said deviously. 

 "Do tell," I asked intrigued. 

 "First," she began, "We both flirt with her and see who can get her number." 

 "OK," I said, "Easy enough." 

 "Second," she continued as she reached for her purse, "We both put these in our cunts for the rest of the night." She then handed me a jelly egg. 

 My face went red, which never happens, as I took the egg; plus Gwen is not one for using such a vulgar world as cunt. Gwen took a bite of her bruschetta as she smirked at me. I was completely out of my element; was she seducing me? 

 I get up to go to the washroom when Gwen stopped me and commanded, "No, no, no, put it inside you here." 

 I looked at her, smiled and said, "Really, what has gotten into you?" 

 "Nothing yet," she teased back. 

 I turned it on low, looked around and awkwardly inserted the egg into my pussy which was rather difficult because I was wearing pantyhose and not stockings like I usually did. 

 Gwen smiled as she took another bite of her bruschetta. 

 I asked, "Are you not putting yours in?" 

 "All in good time," she answered and ate more of her bruschcetta and put the egg on the table in the open for anyone to see. 

 Frustrated I began my appetizer. After we finished our bruschcetta in silence, Kate came back to grab the plates. 

 Kate saw the egg, looked slightly confused as Gwen looked at her and said, "It's a toy. Have you ever used one?" 

 Kate shook her head no as Gwen continued, "You should it feels amazing." Gwen then took the egg, turned it on so the soft vibration sound could be heard, while starring at Kate, and put it inside herself. She then gave a soft moan. "Kate you have got to try this." 

 Kate stood memorized in trance as I said, "Kate, could I get a second glass of wine?" 

 Kate looked at me and said, "Yes ma'am," and she walked away. 

 I said, "Gwen, this is a new you." 

 "You are to blame," she countered. 

 "How so?" I asked. 

 "I have been jealous of your lifestyle forever. You always are so happy." 

 "You seemed happy," I said concerned. 

 "I have not been for a long time," she said solemnly. 

 "You know, I am most happy when I am hanging out with you," I admitted. 

 "You are?" 

 "Of course. I love teaching, I love spending time with my family and I love hanging out with you. My sex life is just another part of who I am. I enjoy it, but it only brings temporary joy." 

 "Oh," she said reflectively. 

 Kate returned with our salads and we ate in them in silence. As we finished our salads, Gwen finally asked, "Can I ask you a question?" 

 "Anything?" I answered. 

 "Why have you never hit on me? Do you not find me attractive?" she asked insecurely. 

 I let out a gasp I was so surprised by the question. "Um, first off I find you the most beautiful person I know both inside and out. But I would never do anything that would ruin our friendship. You seemed so in love with Rob that I just never thought you would be into me in that way." 

 Gwen looked at me as she took in my response. A guy, probably 20, came and took our plates and Kate followed behind with our main course. Kate asked, "Is there anything else I can get you ladies?" 

 "Your phone number," I asked. 

 Kate blushed again as Gwen said, "Or you could just meet us at Le Chateau Club tomorrow night at 9:30." 

 I then said, "And please just bring us a bottle of whatever wine this is." 

 Kate said, "Yes ma'am" and left. 

 Gwen asked "Is our seduction working?" 

 "I think so, but it is hard to tell. She can't give away too much while working," I responded. 

 "I suppose so," she reflected, "So you do find me attractive?" 

 I smiled and said, "Gwen who do you think has sent you all those notes and cards the past two weeks?" Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** A Lesbian Love Story- of Sorts ****** bysilkstockingslover© The lightbulb went on as she gasped, "It was you?" 

 "Yes Gwen. I love you. I love you as a friend. But I also love you completely." 

 She looked at me taking it all in, "You mean." 

 "Yes, I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I want to hold your hand in public. I want to go to bed every night with you. I want to make love to every part of you." 

 "I love you too," she responded. "I just never thought, I mean, I just." 

 I stood up, moved to her side of the table, sat down and then leaned in for a kiss. It was as gentle as a kiss can be. She kissed back and soon our tongues were exploring each other's mouths. I broke the kiss when I heard a sound. I turned around and said, "Oh, more wine." I stood up and returned to my side. 

 Kate looked at us in a stunned state. She slowly recovered and said, "Can I get you anything else?" 

 I smiled and said, "No, I think we are fine." 

 Gwen gave a soft smile and agreed, "Yes, everything is perfect." 

 Kate left and we ate our meals in silence, both of us coming to full terms with the revelations that had just been revealed. I knew now everything had changed. She loved me too. A serene feeling washed over me as I finally found peace with my inner turmoil over the seduction. She loved me. Gwen loved me. I smiled to myself. I looked at Gwen who had a radiant glow herself. I hoped she was having a similar joy inside herself. 

 We finished our meal, the wine bottle over half empty, and Kate came to take our plates. She asked, "How was your meal?" 

 "Delicious," I said. 

 Gwen teased, "But probably not as delicious as you." 

 I smirked as that is something I would have usually used to push the envelope. 

 Kate, for the first time, responded to our sexual wordplay, "I have never had any complaints." 

 "I imagine that is true." Gwen said, "I think it would be the perfect dessert." 

 Kate blushed, looked around and then said, "I would love to, but I can't, not here." 

 I could have taken control at this point, but I decided to watch and see how Gwen played this. 

 Gwen said, "Well the offer stands Kate. You are a very pretty woman, and you would make a great plaything for me and my girlfriend." 

 'Well played' I though thought to myself. It showed that she was in control and would be in this sexual relationship." 

 Kate smiled, leaned in and whispered, "How did you know I was gay?" 

 Gwen smiled, "You kept checking out my breasts and my lover's legs." 

 "Oh," Kate said, "I have not come out yet to anyone." 

 "Well," Gwen said teasingly, "Now you have." 

 Kate smiled and said, "I will be right back with your desserts." 

 She left and I said, "That was very well played Gwen. I could not have done it any better myself." 

 "Well I learned from the master," she complimented. So," she paused and nervously asked, "now what?" 

 "We have dessert, we get a taxi, I am way too drunk to drive home, and then we go back to my place and I make love to you in a way you can not even begin to imagine." 

 Gwen smiled seductively and said, "Trust me, I have imagined it in every way possible." 

 Kate returned with our chocolate cheese cake and gave Gwen a piece of paper. Gwen opened it up, smiled and said, "I will be in contact, sweetheart." 

 "I hope so," Kate responded. 

 Gwen then said, "Want to see something really cool?" 

 "Sure," Kate said with a bit of trepidation. 

 Gwen then pulled out something from her purse and said watch this. I recognized what it was just as she turned it on to full blast. Instantly, the vibrations sped up extremely and in only seconds my cunt exploded with an orgasm. I barely kept the sound to an escaped moan as the pleasure was amazing. 

 Gwen then said to me, "Slut, could you please give your toy to Kate here." 

 I was shocked by Gwen's name calling, but also incredibly turned on, as I ripped by slightly damp pantyhose open at the crotch and removed the very wet ball. I handed it obediently to Kate. 

 Kate quickly grabbed it and slid it in her pocket. 

 Gwen said, "I expect that inside you in the next few minutes. I will turn it on low for you. I will retrieve it tomorrow." 

 "Yes ma'am," Kate obeyed and left the table. 

 Gwen looked at me and said, "Sorry, I didn't mean to call you a slut." 

 I smiled, "You fucking bitch, I didn't know you had it in you." 

 Gwen laughed, "I think you are in for many surprises." 

 "It seems I am," I said as I took a bite out of the cheesecake. 

 We ate in silence as both of us reflected on what was going to happen next. Kate came back with the bill and a devious smile. Gwen asked, "I assume you have put my present in a safe place?" 

 "The safest there is," Kate flirted back. 

 Gwen looked at the bill and then asked, "Was that number you gave me your cell number?" 

 "Yes ma'am," she answered. 

 "Do you work tomorrow?" 

 "No." 

 "Good, I will text you an address and I expect you to meet me there at 2PM," Gwen instructed. 

 "Yes ma'am," Kate answered. 

 "And," Gwen stressed, "We will be going to Le Chateau later in the evening, so be sure to wear something sexy and classy." 

 "Understood," Kate responded. 

 "And be sure to wear stockings, not pantyhose, I want easy access of my new slut." 

 Kate blushed at being called a slut, but said, "Yes ma'am." Gwen then gave her a credit card. Kate left and we got ready to leave. 

 I said, "Gwen you are a master manipulator." 

 She smiled, shot the last glass of wine, and said, "Let's get going, I've got one more present for you." 

 Kate returned, Gwen signed the receipt, giving a very generous tip. She then stood up and whispered something into her ear. 

 Kate blushed again and said, "It was a pleasure serving you." 

 Gwen responded wittily, "Wait till tomorrow, and then you can really say it was a pleasure serving me." 

 Kate smiled and said, "Have a good night." 

 Gwen said and looked me directly in the eye, "Oh we will, won't we slut?" 

 Playing along, I answered, "Yes mistress." 

 Kate smiled, shook her head just slightly and left. 

 I grabbed Gwen's hand and led her out of the restaurant. We hailed a taxi very quickly, gave him the address and instantly we were making out like two teenagers on a first date. The hormones raged as we kissed with such passion. The fire inside burned with such intensity, that I wanted to make love to her right in the taxi. My hand went under her dress and I rubbed her pussy gently and in only a few seconds Gwen broke my kiss and had an intense orgasm. The taxi driver swerved the vehicle a bit, obviously surprised by the ecstatic sound of pleasure. 

 We went back to kissing until we arrived at my house. We got out of the cab, paid him and rushed into my house. 

 CHAPTER 8: THE PERFECT VALENTINE'S DAY PRESENT 

 As soon as the door was closed, I pushed her against the wall and kissed her with reckless abandon. It was Gwen who broke the kiss and said, "Wait, I need to give you your present." 

 "Can't it wait?" I said exasperated. 

 "No, I think it is crucial to give you know." 

 She then grabbed her bag and went to the bathroom. I nervously waited, eagerness overwhelming me. I had waited so long for this moment to happen and now that it was about too, my anxiety overwhelmed me. I paced the room as I waited for Gwen to return. 

 Gwen called, "Are you ready for your present?" 

 "Yes," I called frustrated, "Get out her now." 

 "Yes mistress," she responded to my surprise and opened the door. She walked out dressed in only tan thigh high stockings and two bows strategically placed on her two firm round voluptuous breasts. Her hair was in pigtails and she wore a collar around her neck with a leash she had in one hand. She walked over to me, handed me the leash and said, "I love you completely. I want to give you the best present I can think of, me. Not just for today, but for tomorrow and every other tomorrow. I am yours." She then dropped to her knees and waited my response. 

 In a million years, a trillion fantasies, I could not have imagined such a moment; such a sweet declaration; such a perfect submission. I looked down at my best friend, pulled her back up and kissed her. I then pushed her back down and led her by the leash to my bedroom. I laid her onto my bed and went to the closet and brought out my 'special' box. I took her left hand and handcuffed her to my bed; I then did the same to her right. She smiled as she watched me. 

 I then leaned down and kissed her neck. She gave a light moan the second my lips contacted her skin. I slowly, ever so slowly, moved my mouth down her body. I took off the bows that hid her stiff nipples and took each nipple into my mouth. I learned quickly her nipples were extremely sensitive as each nibble of her nipple had her breathing getting heavier. I slowly slid my tongue between her deliciously large breasts and then moved downwards, my tongue never leaving her body. My tongue reached her shaved treasure; I paused my lips a millimetre away from her ripe cunt, and then moved lower. She gave out a disappointed moan as my head left her eager pussy. My tongue then slid down her nylon clad left leg. I reached the sole of her foot and licked it. I then took each toe into my mouth and sucked it through the sheer nylon. Soft moans escaped my captive lover as I made love to her whole body. I then moved back up, again stopping at her already wet cunt and gave one quick lap of her clit. She gave a loud moan and begged, "Please more." 

 I looked up at her and said, "All in good time Gwen." 

 I then moved down her right leg, repeating the same lengthy process. I spent an eternity sucking on her tiny, perfectly manicured toes. I then moved back to her pussy and gave her three quick licks. She moaned loudly again and I moved and kissed her again. She kissed me back and then I asked, "What do you want me to do next?" 

 She moaned, "Please dominate me. Treat me like you would one of your one night stand sluts." 

 "You sure?" I asked. 

 "Yes," she moaned, "I wasn't kidding when I said, I want to give myself to you completely." 

 "OK Gwen," I said and reached into my collection and pulled out my we-vibe. 

 "You got one too?" 

 "Yep, Audrey brought it over the night we went to the toy store as a gift." 

 "You got that toy salesman to come over?" 

 "Yep," I said, "She was an easy seduction." 

 I turned on a vibrator and placed it at the entrance of her cunt, but not in. I then took off my dress and straddled my best friend's face. My pantyhose were still on, but I had ripped a hole big enough for her to access my pussy. 

 She began licking as best she could from her handcuffed position. Her moans from the pleasure of the teasing vibrator and the egg that was still inside her sent vibrations through her body. As she licked, I leaned forward and began sucking on her clit as she licked mine. In less than a minute of the triple pleasure, Gwen screamed into my pussy, "I'm cumming." I kept pressure on her clit until her orgasm subsided and then moved back up. 

 Her licking had me close, but in this position I could not come, so I got off her face and, after taking the egg out of her cunt, put the feeldoe toy in her pussy. I then straddled the other end of the cock and began bouncing up and down on it. I moaned, "Fuck me Gwen, fuck your best friend's cunt." Gwen moved her ass up and down as best she could and I orgasmed after only a couple minutes of pleasure. I collapsed on top of her and we went back to kissing, the two ended vibrating toy still inside both of us. I undid the handcuffs, took off the leash and cuddled with her. 

 Gwen said, "I love you so much." 

 I responded, "I love you more." 

 Gwen said, "Will you fuck me?" 

 "I'd love too," I said, and went over to the box and put on one of my strap-on cocks, a smaller six inch one. I strapped it on and said, "Get on all fours." 

 "Yes mistress," she cooed. 

 "I like that slut. Beg for your mistress's cock?" 

 "Oh please, fuck me like the new lesbian I am. Pound my tight cunt that you now own." 

 I moved my cock to the entrance of her vaginal canal; I rubbed the cock around her entrance, teasing her. 

 She begged, "Please shove it in. Fuck me like your other whores." 

 With that I slid the cock in and began fucking her. I started slow, my hands on her waist. I asked, "How does my cock feel in you dyke?" 

 "So goooood," she responded. 

 "Is it better than Rod's cock?" I asked. 

 "So much better," she replied, "Please, fuck me harder; fill my cunt with your cock." 

 I began pumping the 6 inch toy in and out faster and deeper, eventually allowing the whole cock to disappear into my beautiful friend's pussy. 

 "Don't stop, please, never stop fucking me," she screamed as she climaxed from the fast paced fucking. I kept fucking her not slightly slowing down as the orgasm shook her body. I finally stopped fucking her and slipped out of the strap-on. 

 I then put on the slim, anal ready, strap-on cock. I lubed it up and asked, "Are you ready for complete submission to me?" 

 "I will never disobey you," she said, still on my bed on all fours. 

 "I recall you said you would never take anything in your ass." 

 "I did say that," she said. 

 "What do you say now?" I questioned. 

 "I say that I was wrong and you were right; never say never. Please take my anal cherry," Gwen said. 

 I got behind her and slowly, gently, slid the toy into her ass. Gwen leaned forward and put her head on a pillow to deal with the slight discomfort. I let the slim cock sit in her half way and then said, "OK butt slut, I want you to slowly move your perfect little ass back on my cock." 

 Gwen moved back slowly, as I leaned back on my hind legs. I allowed Gwen to move back on the cock at her own pace. Slowly Gwen moved back, taking all five inches of the small vibe in her ass. She then began slowly moving back and forth on the cock. Her moaning began and she said, "Fuck, that feels good. I couldn't imagine this could feel like this." She began moving faster, her slightly chubby ass colliding with my body as she tried to get the cock deeper in her ass. Watching my once innocent friend turn into a complete ass slut was fucking hot. This scene kept on for a few minutes until my leg started going numb. 

 I pushed her forward and stood up. "Sorry Gwen, my leg was losing its feeling." 

 She looked at me and said, "That was amazing." 

 I reached into the box and grabbed the double ended dildo I had bought with her. I said to her, "I have never tried this before." 

 Gwen grabbed it, turned it on high, and slid it into her pussy, I then straddled the other end awkwardly and we pushed the cock inside me. We both moaned and moved forward until the long wide dildo disappeared inside our two pussies. Soon we were grinding our cunts together and feeling the vibrating dildo teasing our cunts. The sensations were thrilling as we both used each other to get off. The crazy intense pleasure continued for many minutes until we both orgasmed within seconds of each other. We collapsed on the bed, the dildo still deep inside both of us. 

 Finally I pulled the dildo out of both of us and lay down on the bed. I cuddled Gwen and said, "I love you, happy Valentine's Day." 

 She whispered back exhausted, "I love you too Julia." 

 I kissed her neck, pulled the blankets over both of us and fell asleep with the woman I love the most in my arms. 

 EPILOGUE 

 L-o-v-e. Just four tiny letters. 

 Love. Just one simple word. 

 Love. No two people would create the same definition. 

 This is my definition: 

 For me, love is the ultimate feeling of joy every time I look at Gwen. Every moment we spend together. It may be a romantic dinner; it may be simply watching TV with the fire place on; it may be a bubble bath and then a long night of gentle love making; it may be a long night of submission; it may just be laying in bed each of us reading a book; it may be us going on the prowl and adding a new girl to our sex games; it may be a night at Le Chateau (like the time we went and both pleasured Rosie together at the same time). 

 But no matter what adventure is in the future, it will be perfect, because it is with Gwen. 

 This is my love story...a love story of sorts. Report_Story 