#1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 01 ****** bysubslutjenna© Yawn, stretch, eyes open. 

 The stupid alarm ringing. 

 Hit snooze, and stare at the ceiling until the alarm starts its thing again. 

 Might as well get up. That horrible stretch between the blankets warm embrace and the hot showers liquid sunshine. The cold in between. Loathsome. 

 Need to be done though. It's too early but, it takes work to look like I do. But it's worth it. Turn the hot water on, look in the mirror. Sigh. Nothing a little makeup won't fix. 

 Might be a good time to describe myself, for those of you interested. I'm 5ft5, blonde with blue eyes. Curvy in all the right places. My body is pasty, pale, skin so white I'm almost pink. Almost a ghost. Years of cheer and gymnastics in school and now yoga almost daily make me fit and very limber. Flexible. 

 My best feature? Definitely breasts. Yep. 36d fun bags. Firm bouncy and oh so perky. Big pink sensitive nipples. I've never had to open a door or buy my own drinks. Not that I'm a heavy drinker. Don't be haters girls. 

 And, for those of you into this sort of thing, im waxed completely smooth from the neck down. 

 Well, out of the shower and time to dress for work. My usual outfits consist of skirts, dresses, and of course, heels. Sometimes ill wear something naughty under, just for me, just for fun. Sometimes. 

 I know, sounds like a typical office girl? Well I am. I work receptionist for a large what you would call conglomerate. They do accounting, consulting, and other equally mundane tasks for people who pay. 

 Whatever. 

 My job is to answer phones and be a pleasant voice. Welcome clients and visitors and be a nice bit of eye candy on the way in. A good first impression. 

 Today I think I'll go with a lacy white bra, to match my lacy white silk panties. I know. The classics are always in fashion. A grey form fitting skirt and button up blouse just sheer enough to glimpse my bra will go nicely. The skirt tight enough. If you had a quarter it would bounce off my ass. Twice. 

 Finish with a pair of shiny, black patent pumps , with 4 inch heels and I'm good to go. 

 Think I'll leave my hair down today, although I've been known to wear it in a wide array of styles depending on my mood. Whimsical. Yep, that's so me. 

 Off to work. 

 So, here I sit, bored. The phone has actually only rang twice in the past hour. If you can believe that. 

 Like I said. Boring day. Until. 

 The elevator dinged, I didn't even look up. I usually don't until someone is in front of me. I know it's self-involved but, dammit , my nails needed attention. What's a girl to do? 

 What made me look up? Heels. Click click clicking my way. Like I said, I love high heels , and I always look to see what another girl is wearing. My weakness? Maybe. 

 Looking up, I was greeted by what I can only describe as a nearly Amazon , nearly 6ft2 , nearly dangerous looking woman in a sharp business suit. So much for judging her heels. 

 "Hi, how may I help you?" I greeted her, my voice nearly cracking. Good first impression. 

 Whatever. 

 As she peered down her nose at me, the seconds stretched on. I almost held my breath. 

 "You may, serve me, by being a doll and telling Mrs. Anders her 12 o'clock is here," she replied. Almost sternly. 

 Now I know I'm just a secretary but, there's no need for rudeness , right? 

 We locked eyes, my baby blues almost glaring at her, her brown eyes, penetrating, me. 

 Stupid, I looked away first, my eyes lowered as my finger, my trembling finger pressed the call button and I paged Mrs.Anders. Looking up I was met with this, woman, smirking at me. "good girl," she whispered. 

 Whatever. 

 After a pause in which me and this mystery woman sized each other up , Mrs. Anders chimed back, her voice a bit shaky, which was a first for my ears. 

 "Send her in," was all she said, her finger on the button just a bit longer then necessary. As I looked up, I found I was already alone. 

 Whatever. 

 Using the time I was alone, I did what any normal office girl does. Facebook, texting some friends, a call to my sister, and of course, touching up my makeup. 

 Not more then half an hour later, who should come walking by but, this mystery woman, followed by Mrs. Anders. Mrs. Rebecca Anders. As mystery woman walked past smirking at me while I halfway pretended she was invisible , Mrs. Anders approached. I noticed she was flushed. Red. Her breath short. 

 "Jenna," she said. "We are going to the lounge downstairs and, my umm, friend has asked that you join us." 

 After a moment's thought I replied, "Sure, why not?" 

 Little did I realize, how different things would be afterwords. And how much I would come to regret taking that little lunch break from my boring, office girl life. 

 As we rode the elevator down I took the opportunity to size up these two. Mrs. Anders was a pretty typical cougar. Blond and successful. Wearing a professionally conservative pant suit. Not too overtly sexual. My mystery woman? Also in a professional pant suit. Tall. Raven haired. Busty. For once maybe all eyes wouldn't be on me. 

 The silence was a bit awkward in that elevator to be sure. I could almost hear myself thinking, and I was thinking, what do these professional women want with a lowly secretary? 

 I'd soon find out. 

 As we reached the first floor, just when the elevator stopped, the raven haired one turned to me, looking down, and said, "JenJen, after these doors open, you will from then on address me as Miss Jane." 

 Then the doors opened. 

 Mrs. Anders stepped aside to allow, Miss Jane, to exit first, as I stood a bit shocked. Mildly. Then I slowly followed them out. 

 Miss Jane? I mean, really? Who does she think she is? I briefly considered turning around and going right back up to my desk but, I thought that might end up in unemployment. I mean, Mrs. Anders is one of the top partners and could easily have me finished. So I followed. 

 On the first floor is a lounge. Well, typical bar and grill. It caters to office workers during the day. As we entered and the hostess greeted us I looked around. Filled with professional people having a few drinks for lunch. Very classy environment. 

 Perhaps a bit of my background here would make a nice intermission in this tale. 

 Growing up, my parents were very religious and very upstanding. Totally bible belt and church every sunday and the whole works. The tried as best as they could to raise me and my two sisters in the same way. Everything was hellfire and brimstone and eternal suffering. As a result, I don't really drink, don't smoke, avoided the whole party girl lifestyle as did my sisters. I had a very steady, very vanilla boyfriend all through high school and we ended when he went to college. After that I was single for a while before finding another very steady, very vanilla boyfriend which lasted for 8 years. Now I'm in my late twenties and single. So as you can imagine, I've only slept with two guys. 

 I've never considered bisexuality. And as a result of my upbringing, never would even think of an interracial relationship. 

 Which brings us to the now. 

 As the hostess led us in, she took us to a corner booth. Towards the back. I guess Miss Jane, or whatever, tipped her for privacy. Mostly I was wondering how all these people could drink then go back to work. Must be a college thing. We never had money for college. Poor me. 

 I sat first at Mrs. Anders gesture, then scooted over and she sat at my side. On my right. Miss Jane took the seat on my left. Here I was, stuck in the middle. 

 Out waiter was there almost by cause of magic. Drinks on a tray. Unbeknownst to me Miss Jane had ordered from the hostess. I really should pay attention to these things. 

 As he set down the drinks, I asked what we were drinking. 

 "Two iced teas and one Long Island." 

 I assumed mine was the Long Island. For those of you unaware that's a very potent drink. Too potent. I was unaware. I asked for a menu but before he could answer, Miss Jane interrupted, ordering something called Thai Shrimp. Again, I was unaware. Unaware that Thai food is really just volcanic lava on a plate. 

 So there we sat, quietly. I hadn't realized that since inviting me, Mrs. Anders hadn't said a word. I sipped my tea and mentioned it was tasty without tasting it. Without realizing really, that Miss Jane had her eyes all over my body. 

 Then the shrimp arrived. 

 Now let me explain Thai shrimp. The first bite is a shock. The third bite is exquisite agony. The fifth bite and your taste buds are gone. So it was only a few bites in I was flushed, squirming, and, more then halfway through my drink. My potent, stupidly strong, drink. I don't drink. 

 Miss Jane smirking as I swilled. Mrs. Anders sitting quietly with her eyes down. 

 My head begin to swim. 

 My straw sucking air. 

 Miss Jane ordering me another. 

 Most people are tipsy after one, I was just starting to slur, when Miss Jane leaned over and quietly told Mrs. Anders, "You may speak now Becca." 

 I was, surprised a little, to hear her say that. Looking at Mrs. Anders, she looked back and all she said was, "I'm sorry Jenna." The alcohol in my head muted the giggle coming from Miss Jane, and I suddenly realized I was, drunk. 

 "Ummm," I slurred. "I need to umm, visit the ladies room and umm, freshen up." 

 "Sure." Miss Jane replied. "Becca, be a doll and let little miss big tits here out to go, freshen up." 

 As I slid out and wobbled in my heels, Miss Jane told me ,"Don't worry, I'll watch your purse." 

 I didn't quite get her meaning as I tried to maintain my way to the restroom. Yeah, a little cold splash and maybe a quick pee and I'll be fine. Yeah. 

 While I was gone... 

 Miss Jane picked up my purse, taking everything out as she talked to Becca. 

 "You have done quite well to bring me this one pet. She's perfect. You will be rewarded." 

 "Thank you Mistress," Becca replied, "She is very, naive Mistress." 

 "She won't be for long." Miss Jane repiled, as she took my phone, wallet, and keys and secreted them in her own purse. Her designer handbag. Her designer Italian handbag. 

 "Now Becca, I have a task for you." Miss Jane said, as she put my remaining things back in my purse. 

 "You are to return to the office and make your excuses for Jenna. She won't be returning there today and maybe tomorrow. Understand?" 

 "Yes Mistress."was the only reply as Mrs. Anders, Becca now, slid out and slipped away to the office, just a tinge of regret for, giving, me to Miss Jane. 

 (to be continued)... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 02 ****** bysubslutjenna© You probably want to read chapter 1..... 

 Coming back from the restroom, I stumbled a bit. Shaking my head I thought to myself, no more of that Devil's Iced Tea. 

 Having had two, for a girl that never drinks, was a bit much. Through blurred fish eyes I could've sworn I saw, Mrs.Anders? Becca? What do I call her now? Wait, she's leaving? 

 Before I could think, clear my head, I heard Miss Jane. 

 "Over here little miss big tits." 

 Too tipsy, well, drunk actually, to realize she called me that in a crowded room. A room full of professionals. Business people. 

 Unaware of the chuckles and giggles, the crowded bar just a roar to my ears, I made my way back to the table. My purse sitting where I thought I left it. Miss Jane eyeing me with a smirk. 

 Still trying to act, dignified. Trying to maintain I slid back into the booth, my skirt sliding up a bit. My panties just flashing. Just. 

 "Where umm, where was Mrs. Anders going?" 

 Miss Jane smiled as she took in the view of my legs, my long toned flawless legs. "Oh she's just off on an errand," she replied. "Don't you worry your pretty little head about her." 

 I hiccuped and wiped a bit of drool off my lip, red gloss smearing a bit. I know. Classy. 

 "Miss Jane," I slurred, "uumm I need to get back to work I think." 

 "Of course doll," Miss Jane said with a smile, "but drink this first, it will help you feel better. " 

 I took the glass. The cool looking liquid clear and clean. Thinking it was water because, I'm sure Miss Jane had my best interests at heart, I took a long deep drink of the elixir. A deep life bringing drink. 

 Of course it wasn't water. 

 Miss Jane giggling. Me coughing. Choking. Liquid fire burning through my esophagus. Blazing a trail of pyroclastic flow slowly down where it created a lake of fire in my tummy seeming to remind my stomach lining I was damned for all eternity. 

 The last thing I heard as I kicked off my heels and ran for the restroom as though the Devil himself was crawling up my throat was Miss Jane chuckling. One word. See if you've heard it before. Everclear. 

 Things got a little, confusing, after that. 

 Explosively purging what I could only assume were my internal organs followed by my skeleton. 

 Some girl asking if I was okay. Some girl saying in long drawn out fashion, "Ewwwwww!" 

 That's about the point it all went black. Well black with a fiery red border. And it wasn't even two in the afternoon yet... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...3 years earlier.... 

 Finley. My dear Finley. College sweetheart. At long last has proposed. Of course I said yes. How could I not? 

 Dear sweet, handsome, wealthy, educated Professor Finley Anders. 

 I am so excited I can hardly finish the mornings work. Think I'll head down to the lounge for a noon drink. Just one. A personal celebration. 

 We have put our careers first throughout our lives. Putting off marriage. Unable to conceive , children were never a concern. Now at the top of our professions, the time has come at last to take the final step. 

 My dear Finley. 

 Sitting at the bar, enjoying my zinfandel. 

 I never noticed her until she was next to me. 

 "Hello, I couldn't help but notice you're drinking alone yet, look so happy, I'm Jane. 

 I took her offered hand, and replied with a flash of my diamond. "I'm Rebecca and im engaged, newly engaged." 

 I'm sure I was glowing. 

 "It's nice to meet you," she said as she motioned the bartender over. 

 After that fateful meeting things would chamge..... 

 Wake up. Oh my God my head. What happened. 

 Close my eyes and wish for the grave. It can't feel any worse then what I feel right now. What happened? Drifting back towards sleep as the bed starts to spin, a whirling dervish under my prone form. Okay, maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration. 

 But not by much. 

 Maybe I should try to get up. Ugh, maybe not. 

 Trying to think, about what happened. Last thing I remember I was having lunch with Mrs. Anders and, oh no. Miss Jane. 

 Miss Jane. Something happened. I can't remember. Close my eyes and think. No that's too painful. The few times in my life I've actually been drunk were nowhere near as bad as this. This is remarkable. This is epic. 

 My head is about to throb and pound and pop like a balloon thats been way past over-inflated. 

 Okay, sometimes I'm such a drama queen, but still. 

 Where was I? Oh right. Miss Jane. Did something happen? Did I make a fool of myself? 

 What if she tells Mrs. Anders? Oh this gets better and better. 

 Lay back and doze. Drift. Body refusing the minds pleading cries for mercy. Listen to the tick...tick....tick...ticking of the clock. 

 Suddenly I realized several things at once. With a gasp, my hangover forgotten just a bit I sat straight up. 

 First, the ticking clock. I don't own one. Second to hit my senses was, I was naked. 

 At the last, as I pulled the thin sheet tightly to my toned body and held my arms across my breasts, the fact that I wasn't alone..... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier... 

 As my eyes focused I realized something. 

 My engagement ring was missing. With a start I looked at my finger. Bare. I took a deep breath. The taste in my mouth, odd. Yet oddly familiar. Tequila and, something else, just at the edge of cognition. 

 Sitting up and looking towards the window I concluded I was home. Safe. If a bit shaken. Perhaps still inebriated. The sun coming up. 

 Then a thought crept in. I'm not wearing certain things a proper lady such as myself should be. First and foremost my lovely engagement ring. 

 Then, realizing I wasn't wearing a bra. Or...panties. 

 Looking down I could see my skirt, blouse, and high heels hadn't changed. Same cream and tan business dress I started with. Started yesterday with. Oh my god. 

 

 My phone next to me, it's shrill chirping as I lifted it and pressed answer. "Hello....?".... 

 Sitting up, on the bed, tightly holding the thin sheet to my naked body, I looked at the chair. The chair at the end of the bed. The occupied chair. Miss Jane. 

 "Wakey wakey little miss big tits, " she said with a smile. Her eyes, staring deep into mine. My blue eyes wide open now. 

 "Miss..Miss Jane?" My voice sounded dry, small, cracking and trembling. 

 My heart was pounding in my ears as she looked at me, her face an almost evil grin. An evil rictus grin. 

 "The restroom is right through there, I imagine you need it." Her long finger pointing to a door next to the bed. 

 Wrapping the sheet tightly around me I moved slowly, painfully, to the end of the bed. Glancing at her once I left, into the restroom. 

 Once inside I sat to relieve myself, completely unsure what was happening. I was so lost in thought I didn't even notice the opulent surroundings. Had I done so I might have been impressed. As it was, I could only wish for my head to take a pause from trying to eject the top of my skull. 

 "Dont be long," I heard her call out. "We've much to discuss." 

 Whatever. 

 Wrapping the sheet tightly around me again, I returned to the bedroom. "Sit," she said, pointing to the end of the bed in front of where she sat. 

 Her legs crossed, wearing another impossibly well tailored pantsuit. 

 Sitting, looking at her, I finally asked, "Whats this all about?" My voice cracking halfway through. 

 Her silence was worse then a reply. 

 Her only reaction? She reached out and handed me my phone. 

 I looked at Miss Jane and bit my lip, holding my phone. 

 Deciding at least I should call work and make an excuse, I mean, I didn't even know where my clothes were or where I was, I typed in my password. 

 Blank screen. No screensaver. No missed calls. Nothing. Most importantly, and of course, most disconcerting. 

 No contacts. 

 Some of you might back up your info or even, gasp, write your contact numbers down. So feel free to judge me an idiot for never bothering. Looking through I found only one folder. 

 Creepily titled #you can and you will#. 

 Looking up at Miss Jane, she stayed true to annoying character and merely smiled, and nodded yes. 

 I opened it. 

 The horror. The shock. The stomach lurching panic. Picture after picture. Me. Naked. Spread. 

 Several with my pink folds open wide, my inner depths exposed. Several with my brown eye winking. 

 I felt it once again. My soul trying to leave my body through my mouth and I ran for the toilet. 

 As I heaved dryly, my tummy long since empty I could hear Miss Jane giggling in the other room. Like a young girl. Like a schoolgirl. 

 As I was kneeling, I heard heels behind me. Seems like an age ago I would've turned to see what kind and how expensive they were. Now I couldn't even look up. 

 My position, kneeling with my lovely face down dry heaving into the toilet, while very classy, left me quite vulnerable. To what you ask? 

 I heard, then felt, clinking, jingling, and before I could react in any way, a one inch leather collar was around my neck, under my lovely long blond tresses. The vibration from the clicking lock traveled down my spine kissing each and every vertebrae. With a whimper I looked up and back to see, Miss Jane, with her seemingly ever present smirk. 

 "After you clean up, little miss big tits, we can begin."....... 

 (to be continued).... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 03 ****** bysubslutjenna© You should read the first two.... Of course it's complete fiction...all similarities are coincidence. .blah blah blah... 

 After Miss Jane left me kneeling..naked...collared, I stood. Going to the sink I looked at my reflection and sighed. 

 I had so many questions, so many to ask her. I started thinking of them as I washed my face. The more I thought, the angrier I began to get. 

 She got me drunk and took pictures. Filthy pictures. She would NOT get away with whatever pervy game she was playing. 

 I found some mouthwash, aspirin, and a glass to take both with. Just starting to feel a bit better, I remembered something. 

 I'm naked. 

 I don't know where my clothes are. 

 I don't know where I am. 

 I don't know who Miss Jane really is. 

 Taking a deep breath I wrapped a large plush towel around me and walked out to get to the bottom of everything, fiddling with my new, locked on, collar. 

 As I entered the bedroom Miss Jane was sitting on the end of the bed, her long legs crossed and smiling at me. 

 "Well you certainly look refreshed little miss big tits," she said. Again, smiling at me. 

 With just the slightest hesitation, just a slight crack in my voice I politely asked her, "Umm like, could you not call me that? I dont like it." 

 Her laugh made my eyes lower, my hands tremble. I could hear almost a note of evil in her laugh. And it chilled me. 

 To the bone. 

 "Well little miss big tits, you're really not going to like what I'm about to say then. " she said, sneering. As she eyed me up and down from my cute pink painted toes to my long blonde hair, I suddenly felt really scared. 

 "First of all pet, you've nothing to hide, I've obviously seen it all. Lose the towel." She grinned as she said this, licking her lip slightly. 

 Glaring at her I kept it on. "I'm not taking it off and like, where are my clothes?" I asked quickly. 

 Keeping her eyes on mine, she took out her phone. "So which of your contacts would you like me to send your first photo shoot to? Let's see. Daddy? Sister? Oh I know, your church website. Yes definitely them." 

 My mouth opened in horror. Could she? Of couse she could but, would she? 

 "You...you wouldn't do that, I mean, really?" I think I was trying to convince myself more then anything. 

 "You have exactly three seconds," she said as she started tapping on her phone. Her infernal phone.. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine....three years earlier... 

 Looking at my ringing phone, I saw at once it wasn't my dear Finley. My fiancee Finley Anders. After I said hello, the line stayed quiet for a second or three before she replied,"Well good morning precious, did you sleep well?" 

 I knew at once it was my new...friend. Jane. 

 "Listen, " she said, "I'm in my car outside your house, and I found your ring. Mind if I come up?" 

 I breathed a sigh of relief, though I felt a bit of trepidation at having this woman in my house. Especially considering the state I was in. Before I could answer there was a knock at the door. Putting down my phone I considered not answering but, with her in possession of my lovely engagement ring, how could I not? 

 It never occurred to me to wonder how she knew where I lived. 

 I went to the door, a bit shaky in my heels, and slowly opened it. There stood Jane, so tall in her heels. Before I could say a word she said "Come on," and pushed past me. And she wasn't alone.... 

 "Fine then," I said, glaring at her defiantly. Slowly, unwrapping my towel I let it drop. Naked. Before her wearing only my collar. My new collar. 

 I deliberately kept my arms crossed over my breasts as she nodded. Trembling just a bit I kept a brave face on. 

 "Now you want to tell me what you're playing at?" I asked her. My blue eyes locked on hers. As she smiled and took out a small videocamera I sort of guessed, exactly what she was playing at. 

 "Good, you're defiant now, I like that," she said as she giggled a bit. "Makes it more fun to break a defiant spirirt." 

 As she talked I couldn't shake a sinking feeling. Maybe it was just my hangover but my tummy felt like it was doing turns and flops. Having a few seconds to really look at her I had to admit, despite being tall and amazonian, she really wasn't bad looking. 

 "While you were sleeping I made some changes. I took the liberty of deleting all your social media sites and profiles." As she said this I felt my body begin to tremble. Shaking, almost like a leaf all I could manage was to croak the word,"What?" 

 Continuing, she smiled, "Don't worry, soon you will have an actual website, and your first photo shoot will be on it." 

 "Y..you can't be serious." I stammered. 

 "Now, unless you want everyone you know to get a preview of your first shoot, and I don't think you do little miss church girl, you're going to kneel." Her voice suddenly less condescending and more, stern. 

 "Now!" 

 My world upside down now, still full of unanswered questions, with a whimper, I sank to my knees... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier.... 

 As I watched, the three strangers entered my house. Jane, followed by two men. Two large men. Two large black men. One was easily over six feet tall with dreadlocks. The other? Let's just say the phrase brick house came to mind. He must lift weights for a living. 

 Closing the door I nervously followed them into my den. They acted like this was their house, not mine. The dreadlocked one heading for the liquor cabinet, the beastly one sitting on the sofa, Jane smirking at me from the foot of the stairs. 

 "I'm sure you remember these two from last night precious? " she asked with a wide grin. 

 Looking at them both I simply shook my head no. "Im sorry, I was a bit out of sorts last night," I replied. I wasn't aware at the time why I was so out of sorts. From three glasses of wine and two tequilas. The second tequila bought by Jane whilst I freshened up. Bought and laced with something. 

 "Well what's in a name," said Jane as she handed me a plain dvd. "What is important, I think you'll find, is this." She pointed at the dvd player. 

 As I kneeled down and inserted the disc Jane walked over and stood behind me, the two black guys enjoying the contents of my liquor cabinet. 

 Never a heavy drinker, nor my dear Finley, the aged scotch and fine cognac were leftovers from my first marriage I simply hadn't dosposed of. I'm sure he would be quite disconcerted to know two strange black men were swilling it like some cheap rotgut. 

 As I pushed play Jane bent down and placed her hands on my shoulders, firmly, saying, "You stay right there and enjoy this." 

 As the video began my jaw dropped and my eyes were wide open, oblivious to the chuckles and giggles in the room behind me..... 

 It's intermission time again. Just a little more background information for those of you paying attention. A little secret? I have a very low tolerance for pain. Any pain really. A paper cut makes me want to vomit. My waxing sessions every two weeks? I think I black out each time. Each and every time. And I pay them for that! 

 I think this may lead you to believe I'm easily led but, I really do swear that's not the case. Really. I swear. Anyways, it's surprising how a girl like me gets by. With the punitive high heels, the constricting bras, the waxing and plucking and sore muscles from working out. So much discomfort and it's soooooo unbearable but hey, I do get by. For now. 

 So, where were we?..... 

 Oh yes, now I remember. 

 Kneeling naked, except for a collar, locked on my slender neck, in front of Miss Jane. I glared up at her, my blue eyes sharp. 

 "Now I wonder what little miss big tits will do to keep her little photo shoot a secret?" she said with a smirk. 

 "Whatever," I said, rolling my eyes slightly. 

 "Yes I do believe you will do whatever, " she said smiling. "Let's test that." 

 She then tapped a bit on her phone and told me,"Pick up your phone, you should be getting a message soon, in the meantime, spread your knees." 

 Glaring up at her I shook my head no. 

 We didn't have long to wait. My phone dinged. The chirp loud in the silence between us. Thinking Miss Jane sent me a text I checked it. Number unknown? 

 Forgetting for a minute she had deleted all my contacts I opened the text. The contents? 

 ***Jen, did you mean to send that to me? I mean you're lovely and all but, I saw enough of those when we were growing up*** 

 Looking up at Miss Jane I couldn't believe it. My sister. She sent what I can only assume was one of the pictures she took of my naked breasts to my sister. Oh..my..God! 

 "Care to try another?" Miss Jane asked with a sneer, "or are you going to spread those sexy knees?" 

 My knees quickly parted wide. ... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier.... 

 On my knees with Jane holding my shoulders firmly, keeping me in place, I watched in abject horror as the disc played. 

 My own living room. My dear fiancee Finley Anders lecturing out of town for a few days, thank God. I couldn't believe it was me onscreen, dancing, gyrating, stripping. The very same clothes I was wearing, coming off. 

 It was obvious Jane was holding the camera as it panned around, the same two black men in my house right now. On the same sofa I woke up on. Both stark naked as I stripped onscreen. 

 This couldn't be happening. I'm a Lady. A prim, proper, professional woman at the top of my career. 

 Giving two strange black men a naked lap dance. Each in turn as they fondled, groped , and squeezed my breasts. 

 The camera zooming in on my face, my eyes half shut. As I watched the angle changed, to show my body. Every naked inch exposed. Tbe contrast of my ivory skin to their ebony. 

 Offscreen I could hear Jane. "On your knees precious, time to party." 

 Onscreen my eyes looking at the camera, as I knelt before these two black men. Strangers to me. My mouth becoming acquainted with their cocks. 

 For twenty minutes, twenty horrifying minutes the disc played. My own personal porno. I sucked those cocks, back and forth, for twenty minutes. Then my engagement ring came off, by my own hand..... 

 Kneeling, naked and collared in front of Miss Jane I looked up and whispered on the edge of tears, "Why? " 

 "First of all pet, I do not answer to you. Understand? " was her reply. I nodded yes, pouting. "Good then, we do understand one another." She said. 

 The morning sun streaming through the window lit my cascading blonde hair as we looked at each other in silence. I could only fear what would come next. As it happens, I didn't have long to ponder my fate. 

 Turning on the camera and pointing it at me, she began to record. "You have a body built for sex pet." As she said that I blushed, my eyes down. 

 "Look at the camera pet, and tell me how many men you've slept with," she asked, sternly. 

 I wiped a single tear and, glaring at her, held up two fingers. 

 "Oh you really are innocent aren't you little miss big tits," she said giggling. "Don't worry, we will do something about that." She panned the camera up and down my naked body and smiled. 

 "You have nice tits pet, lift them for me," she said focusing the camera on my large breasts. 

 I glared at her, another tear falling as I shook my head no, remaining defiantly quiet. She sighed and set the camera down on the bed next to her. 

 I was completely unprepared for what came next. 

 Miss Jane reached out faster then I could blink my lovely long eyelashes, grabbed a handful of my silky blonde hair, and yanked me to her. Before I could scream she yanked my head down, forcing my toned yoga body over her lap, face down, my ass up in the air. 

 "I see we need to do this the hard way bitch!" she bellowed. My hands and feet scrabbling. Gasping. Thats when the blows started. 

 My blue eyes went wide in shock, my breath taken away. Her hand rising, falling, again and again. Each smack on my firm, pert buttocks sounding like a dry stick snapping in a quiet forest. Over and over she spanked me. Me! A grown woman over her knee getting spanked. 

 I'm not being dramatic when I say the screaming started around the 7th smack. My ass stinging. Burning. Turning a deep dark pink, then red, then purple. 

 I lost count as I screamed, then begged, then begged screaming for her to stop. 

 "Okay! Okay!! Please stop, please!! I'M SORRY, I'M SO SORRY!!!" I squealed. 

 She tossed me on the floor, sobbing and crying and said, "On your knees, now!" 

 Quickly getting on my knees, she slapped my beautiful sobbing face. Hard. Making my head spin and the stars come out like some romantic evening. 

 That's when the rules were given to me..... 

 (to be continued. ..let me know what you think so far....) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 04 ****** bysubslutjenna© Our story so far... 

 Miss Jane, our protagonist, has the lovely young blonde Jenna just where she wants her. 

 Our heroine Jenna, young and busty office girl, very naive and inexperienced, a classic good girl. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Anders, the cougar that as much as gave Jenna to Miss Jane on a silver platter, also recounting how she came to be under Miss Jane's thumb... 

 Now lets continue with this work of fiction. .. 

 Kneeling naked and collared, wiping my tears as Miss Jane turned the camera back on me. My ass burning and starting to bruise from my..spanking. My face red and stinging from the slap. Pouting and sobbing as Miss Jane sneered. 

 "Now little miss big tits, pinch your nipples and use them to lift those lovely big breasts of yours," she commanded softly. 

 I slowly complied, still pouting. Trying not to use my nails, which would have been uncomfortable even more than just fingers, I pinched my nipples with a whimper and pulled my breasts up. Holding them. For her. 

 The camera was focusing on my tits as she started spelling things out for me. 

 "Keep them up pet, and listen carefully," she said, camera in hand. 

 "Rule numero uno, you do what I say, when I say, without question. Nod yes if you understand. " 

 Holding my nipples and keeping my breasts lifted, I nodded yes. 

 "Good pet," she smirked. "Spread you knees wider now." 

 Keeping my breasts held up I opened my knees wide, blushing, humiliated. 

 "Rule two, your body is now mine to do with as I please. That means you're gonna fuck who I say, when I say, how I say, and where I say. Understand?" 

 My mouth agape in shock, I couldn't believe she was talking to me like this. I simply nodded yes like some idiot. I still hadn't quite grasped exactly what was happening, but in time I would learn just what she meant. 

 "Rule three, pet, from now on you will address me as Mistress, Mistress Jane, or Ma'am if we're in public." 

 I just nodded yes, my breasts becoming quite uncomfortable now from being held up by my nipples. Starting to whimper and squirm a bit, she giggled at my discomfort 

 " Rule number four pet, you will dress as I see fit. I'm sure you have quite a collection of slutty clothes and we will expand on that." 

 This was becoming a bit much. 

 " Miss, I mean Mistress, may I let my tits go now please?" I asked quietly. 

 She sneered and replied, "That brings us to rule five little miss big tits. You do not speak unless given permission or asked a direct question, and the word no is no longer in your vocabulary. Understand?" 

 I pouted and nodded yes. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier.... 

 . 

 Jane, holding my shoulders firmly, kept me in place in front of the television as I was forced to watch myself onscreen. 

 Removing my engagement ring and handing it to her as she filmed it all. My shame. My humiliation complete as I watched. 

 The two black guys manhandling my body onto all fours on my own floor. Naked in heels. The very heels I was currently wearing. I couldn't believe it was me on screen. 

 " Watch closely precious, this is my favorite part," she said with a giggle. Onscreen the dreadlocked one got behind me. The beastly one in front. As if on cue both cocks slid into my body at once. Penetrating me at both ends. As I watched in horror, they started pumping. 

 My body, pushed forward, pulled back. Dark, strong hands holding my hips and dark hands wrapping my hair around them. Watching as Jane held me in place, I couldn't believe I was taking such huge members deep in my body. So long it seemed the tips would touch inside me. 

 Jane giggled, keeping me on my knees. Making me watch. I squirmed a bit and looked up at her. As I did, she pointed back at the screen. 

 Looking again at my own personal video I watched as my body was impaled between those two huge black cocks. 

 My eyes watching with rapt attention, I didn't hear the rustling behind us, of clothes being removed.... 

 Kneeling naked, collared, holding my heavy big breasts up by my swollen pink nipples, Mistress Jane panned the camera up and down my body. 

 My breasts starting to really feel uncomfortable, I whimpered. 

 " Now, little miss big tits, let's see the pink," she said, focusing the camera down. "Lean back on one arm, and use two fingers on your left hand to spread that bald little slit." 

 Blushing, humiliated, I did as she said. Kneeling, with my supple smooth thighs wide apart, I moved my body back, letting one arm take my weight. Unable to look at her or her camera I reached down, with my left hand. My blonde hair hanging as I used my index and middle finger to spread my slit open. My inner pink exposed. The bud of my clit peeking out from its hood. 

 " Well it looks like someone's enjoying this," giggled Mistress Jane. " Look at your fingers pet." 

 Lifting my two fingers I was almost shocked, to see them glistening wet. 

 " Taste them," she said. Looking at her in disgust I almost, almost but not quite, said no. My sore bottom a reminder of what would happen. 

 I'm quite fit, toned, though not muscular. I can easily run five miles. I can lift nearly twice my weight. Nearly, if I really strain. I can do hundreds of crunches and my core is strong. Yet I have no doubt Mistress Jane could easily take me and bend my sexy body to her will. Easily. 

 With trepidation I lifted my fingers, my glistening fingers to my mouth and sucked them clean, pouting. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine....three years earlier..... 

 Leaning down from behind me, her hands on my shoulders, Jane whispered, " Good show isn't it precious. Be nice for your fiancee to see, wouldn't it?" 

 I swallowed and, looking at the screen, watching my mouth and pussy being pumped, I shook my head no. My dear Finley. He could never see this. This travesty. This...horror. 

 " Well unless you do as you're told precious, that's exactly what he will be seeing," she whispered. Deep into my ear. 

 " Don't forget also precious, I have your lovely engagement ring. Would you like it back?" she kept whispering, making my eyes water up, the beginnings of tears. 

 " Yes please," was all I could say. 

 " Good precious, " she said, stepping back. " Stand up and turn around." 

 Standing up a little shaky in my heels I turned to face her. I also noticed the two men she brought. Sitting on the sofa. 

 Big. Black. Naked. 

 Not wasting time or pretence she said," Strip precious, everything but your heels, and maybe you'll get this back." She pulled a chain out from under her black satin blouse, around her neck, my engagement ring on it. 

 My eyes down I could only think of my fiancee, as I unbuttoned my blouse slowly, shrugging it off. As I unzipped my skirt I asked Jane," Why are you doing this?" 

 " I'm doing this because I like doing this, now no talking unless you're spoken to," she said as I slid my skirt off. Standing naked now, just in my tan high heels. 

 All eyes were on my pale body. My figure is still good for a woman in her, shall we say forties. My breasts just a hint of sag but at my age it's to be expected. Still pendulous at a nice D cup. Hips flared and womanly, my butt not overly large. Jane only really had one problem. My blonde landing strip. 

 " This will need to go, by tonight I think," she said as she yanked at my little strip of blonde hair, just over my slit. Making me wince in pain. " I don't care how you get rid of it but it needs to be bald down here. " 

 She tugged them again, harder and I gasped in pain. " Okay okay then, I will," I said, humiliated. 

 As the two men chuckled she yanked my pubes again hard, then slapped my pussy, making me squeal. " Your answer is always yes Mistress, from now on," she admonished. Then slapped my pussy again, harder this time. 

 " Owwww yes Mistress," I quickly replied, my pussy starting to swell. 

 That's when she stepped aside, and told me to crawl to my new boyfriends...... 

 Pouting up at her, my two fingers in my mouth, leaning back on one arm I sucked them clean. Her camera catching all the action. 

 " Now little miss big tits, dip them in and repeat the process," she commanded. At some point, I noticed, her tone became less condescending and more authoritarian. Some small part of my confused brain still wanted to protest, to scream at her to stop and to tell her I wouldn't do this. 

 I knew on a larger scale however, I was trapped. If it wasn't painful, then she had other ways to ensure my obedience. Namely my so-called photo shoot. Well I guess every girl dreams of being a model right?. 

 As she smiled I rubbed my fingers over and in my open pink slit, then sucked them clean again. My revulsion growing. My only saving grace was that it was my own, and not her pussy I was tasting. 

 As if reading my mind she said," Enjoy the taste pet? Don't worry, you WILL get used to it. It and many others." 

 As she said, "Again," I whimpered and began a cycle. Wetting my fingers, sucking them clean, wetting my fingers, sucking them clean. For almost an hour. Until I was a wet, quivering, trembling mess 

 My body was so flushed, my pink pale skin glistening with sweat. My soft inner thighs were slippery and wet with my juices. My big pink nipples were painfully swollen and my heavy fat breasts were dripping with saliva when finally she ordered me to stop. 

 For almost an hour she recorded me. Almost an hour she made me torture myself. I looked down at my body. My outer lips swollen and red. My clit swollen and purple. My inner lips out, distended. 

 " Now little miss big tits, let's see what we can do with that chest," she said grinning. "Hold your tits up and out." 

 Cupping my breasts I held them up. The saliva coating my girly flesh making them slick. Grinning, she crossed her legs and leaned in a bit, holding the camera. 

 " Let's see if you can suck your own nipples pet," she suggested almost curiously. Lifting my heavy breasts I pouted, my wet mouth enveloping each swollen nipple. 

 Naked on my knees, with my thighs wide apart. Exposed. Thick leather collar locked on. I held my breasts up and sucked my own swollen pink nipples. Each one in turn. Over and over until my tummy and tits were dripping wet. Saliva forming a pool in my little belly button. 

 I licked and sucked on my own tits for almost another hour as she recorded me. When she finally told me to stop every inch of my sexual organs ached. I was so shaky, so wet, so humiliated. For Heaven's sake, I'm a good girl! 

 With a sneer she asked," I bet you would give your left foot to cum right now, wouldnt you?" I could only whimper and nod yes. 

 " Shame," she sneered. " Cause it's not gonna happen" As I panted and pouted up at her she set the camera down. 

 " It's question time pet. First of all, are you bisexual?" she asked. I shook my head no. " You are now," she giggled. 

 I swallowed nervously. The thought of being with another girl had never crossed my mind. Like, ever. 

 " Have you ever sucked cock?" she asked. Again, as I shook my head no the gleam in her eyes told me I would be soon. 

 " Done anal?" she asked, already shaking her head. Of course not. Like, gross and, ouch right? 

 Now it may be said I'm such a total blonde, not very bright and all. And that may be true I mean, I always worked more on my body then my brain. Go with your strengths right? But it didn't take a genuine professor to understand where she was headed with these questions. Or rather, where I was headed. What was soon to be happening to my body. With my body. 

 " Good, " she said. " That means your'e going to be very tight, at least at first. And I do love watching big tits jiggle as a slut is being trained in the fine art of deep throating a plethora of different sized cocks" 

 All I could do was bite my lip and give her a big blue eyed pout. That really made her giggle, as she took up her damn camera again.. 

 " Now, let's see you multitask pet," she said as she turned on the camera. " What I want you to do is stay as you are, kneeling. With your left hand rub your clit in slow circles. As you do that, use your right hand to lift your tits in turns, and suck on your nipples." 

 My body was already trembling, from the torture I was enduring. I never really though how torment didn't need to include pain. 

 My new Mistress had so many lessons to teach me about sadism...cruelty....torture. ... 

 (to be continued)..... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 05 ****** bysubslutjenna© This is total fiction...any similarities to blah blah blah entirely coincidence. .. 

 Read the first parts first.. 

 

 

 

 As Mistress Jane panned the camera up and down my body, kneeling, naked and collared, I felt a single tear run down my cheek. 

 "I'm waiting little miss big tits, and I don't like to be kept waiting," she said. 

 With a pout, I began my next stage of humiliation. My knees far apart, I reached down with my left hand. 

 Slowly, my eyes closed, I started to rub my swollen wet clit in circles. The past two hours I spent teasing myself in front of Mistress Jane had me a quivering horny mess. In spite of - or maybe because of - the humiliation I was enduring my body was on the verge of a tremendous climax. 

 " Don't forget the tits pet," she reminded me. Using my free hand I lifted my breast, sucking my nipple as I rubbed my clit. She smirked and kept the camera on. Keeping my eyes closed I switched nipples, sucking, licking. Making myself moan softly. 

 "Are you enjoying yourself pet?" she asked. With a soft moan I shook my head no. "Liar," she giggled. 

 I could only keep my eyes closed, trying to keep from sobbing, my pink nails long and pretty as I slowly rubbed my pink pussy. My long fingers lifting my heavy breasts, left, right, left again. My nipples swollen, sore, and wet. 

 I started to tense up, my impending orgasm obvious, when Mistress Jane said," STOP!" 

 Quickly stopping I looked at her. Almost pouting. Almost crying. My thighs wet and slimy. My breasts wet and slimy. My chin well...you get the idea. As we were looking in each others eyes, my breath in short gasps and her face grinning, she said,"Start again pet." 

 Whimpering, I began rubbing my clit slowly and sucking my own nipples again. Thus beginning a vicious cycle of edging. 

 Now for the uninitiated-like I was-edging is the practice of being brought to the edge of orgasm, then stopping. A good edging session can last hours, leaving the victim weak, submissive, and ready to do anything to be allowed to cum. 

 It didn't take more then twenty minutes for me to start begging. 

 Can you believe that? I went from hating her, hating the situation, hating myself and hating her camera to begging her for permission to cum. 

 Why didn't I just finish myself? Why did I beg? A modern independent woman like me? Let me enlighten you. 

 The first time I came close to orgasm and she stopped me, she explained edging. 

 

 " Listen pet," she said. "If you cum without permission, not only will I tie you down and whip you, your church will receive a short video of exactly what you are doing right now." 

 " What you're doing is called edging. You're bringing yourself to the brink of orgasm, then stopping," she explained. 

 My beautiful blue eyes looked up at her as she explained. 

 " You will learn to control your orgasms through this method of edging," she continued. " At least three times a day, I want a video of you doing just that. Bring your body to the edge and stop. I don't care where you are, for now," she told me. 

 " The ultimate goal for you is to deny yourself orgasms until you're given permission by me, and only me. You exist from now on for the pleasure of others pet," she said with a smile. " Now continue." 

 So I continued. Slowly rubbing my swollen, tortured clit in agonizingly teasing circles. Lifting each breast and sucking my painfully swollen nipples. Stopping periodically to beg her for orgasm. For two hours I continued. .... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine....three years earlier.... 

 With utter disbelief, I got down on all fours, naked but for my heels. Crawling, so slowly to the two naked black strangers on my sofa. On mine and my dear Finley's sofa. My dear fiancee Finley Anders. How guilty I felt. Shamed. My first porn playing in the background, Jane's threat to show him hanging over my head. 

 I crawled to them. My heavy breasts swaying under my body as Jane moved to stand next to me. 

 " These two are no strangers to you precious," she chided. " Now let's get those lips and tounge re-acquainted with them. Kiss them hello." 

 Looking up at her I hesitated. Just a bit. Then I leaned in and kissed the tip of each black cock. " Good girl," Jane said with a smile. " Your fiancee would be proud." 

 I felt so ashamed, looking up at her I begged, " Please don't make me do this, please don't make me be so shamefully bad." 

 I begged, looking up just in time to be blinded by a camera flash. Then another as one of the long black shafts came to rest across my nose. 

 Jane just smiled and walked behind the sofa, facing me over the two men's shoulders, her camera positioned perfectly. 

 " Would your dear Finley prefer stills or video precious? " she asked smirking. " Let's call and ask him shall we? Or would you rather suck cock?" 

 Resigned, I looked up at her, wiped a tear and then, gripped the two thick black shafts. " I think I would prefer to suck cock ....Mistress," I sighed. 

 " Good girl precious, for that you've earned a reward," she said, as she used one hand to take the chain with my engagement ring off her neck. 

 " If you can manage to reach this and remove it with your mouth, it's yours," she said. As she wrapped the chain around the base of the longer cock. The little gold chain. My shiny diamond engagement ring. The thick black cock. 

 "Oh, and precious? Hands behind your back," she giggled and flipped the camera to video mode. 

 " And....action!"....... 

 Smiling down as she recorded every second of my performance, Mistress Jane continued to pan up and down my naked collared body. My swollen nipples wet and stiff. My bald pussy open and glistening. My clit a hard little marble under my fingers. 

 For two hours I edged my body. Moaning like a girl that would be nothing like the girl I am. 

 " Please Mistress, please may I stop or please may I cum? Please...please I'll do whatever you want!!" I begged. 

 " Yes, you will do anything and everything I say little miss big tits," she replied, giggling. 

 Whimpering, moaning, on my spread knees slowly rubbing my clit with my other hand lifting my breasts to suck my own nipples, collar locked on, I completely lost myself. Forgetting my good girl life. My entire being focused on my body. My breathing so hard I was close to fainting. 

 " You may stop now pet," said Mistress Jane, "and look at the carpet under you." 

 As I looked down I could see, past my glistening wet, toned and supple thighs, the carpet was soaked. A puddle almost six inches in diameter had caused the carpet to darken under my open pussy. I never realized I could get so wet. I had never been so wet in my life. My face turned an even deeper shade of crimson as I looked up at Mistress wide eyed. 

 With a giggle she said," My what a wet little mess you are. Don't worry, the maid will clean that up, now, go shower and get cleaned up. And if you get any ideas just know there are cameras everywhere." 

 Slowly I got off my stiff knees, my legs sore and my body trembling, and headed for the shower. 

 " Forgetting something pet, " she said. Looking at her I replied with what I know she wanted to hear. 

 " Thank you Mistress Jane." 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine. ..three years earlier..... 

 I couldn't believe what I was about to do. I didn't really believe it was me on the video. I couldn't believe Jane was holding a camera. And most unbelievable was how I shuffled on my knees and moved in front of a dreadlocked black stranger. His long cock so black it was purple. My diamond engagement ring on the little gold chain nestled in the cleft between his full heavy balls. 

 As I kept my hands behind my back I pondered how I was going to accomplish my task. I really needed my ring so I tried to bite at the chain. To pull it away with my teeth. That earned a grunt of pain from him and a quick slap across my face. 

 My head spinning I glared up at him and put my hands on his thick thighs for balance. Jane set down the camera and came around the sofa to grip my frosted blonde hair tightly. My professional business woman bob style just enough to get a firm grip. 

 "I told you no hands bitch," she said yanking my hair and jerking my head. Pushing my head down on his lap she said to Dreadlocks, "Hold this bitch in place." 

 As he grabbed my head and held it tightly on his lap, I squirmed and cried out,"Stop this, please stop!" That only made him laugh. 

 As I struggled and squirmed in his grip, slapping his legs futily, Jane returned. Her powerful hands gripped my arms and yanked them behind my back violently, making me groan. 

 "Owww!" I protested. Again completely in vain. The next thing I felt and heard was the clicking of my wrists being handcuffed behind me. Tightly. 

 "Let's try this again precious, no hands, and for good measure I'm sending your video to Finley. Is that acceptable to you bitch?" she asked with a glare. 

 " Please no, please Mistress," I sobbed, wrists now cuffed and head held in his muscular lap. "I'll do what you want, please." 

 "Then you know what to do precious," she said, taking up the camera and walking behind the sofa again. "Begin." 

 Kneeling, as he let my head go I looked at his cock. Long, at least 9 inches by my estimate. First I tried using my lips, to loosen the chain. It almost seemed as if I was kissing the base of his shaft. Vainly I tried to use my tounge then, to get even a little slack. That successfully made his cock even harder, making the wrapped chain tighter. I realized all I was really doing was licking his cock. 

 There's nothing for it I thought, and closed my eyes. Wrapping my lips around his hardness I inched my mouth down. His groans told me I was being a good girl. 

 I felt his hand on the back of my frosted blonde hair, helping me. Deeper I went. Then....gag...choke...cough.... 

 Pulling up, I gasped for air. The wetness on his black shaft told me I had made it only halfway. 

 "Keep trying precious," Mistress chided, her camera pointing at my face. 

 Taking his cock in my mouth again, I lowered down. This time I felt his hand pushing my head deeper. Until again, I choked, gagged, spitting up all over his balls and my engagement ring. I tried to pull up but his hand kept my head down. Struggling to breathe I felt his bulbous head push past my gag reflex and into my throat. Cutting off my air. 

 " That's it precious, deeper, relax your throat," Mistress advised. I felt more slip down and closed my eyes tight. As I was close to passing out, he let my head up. 

 Pulling off his cock I took a deep gasping breath. Spit dripping down my chin all over my cleavage. 

 Looking at his cock I saw I was closer to my prize. My spit soaked engagement ring and the little gold chain. So close. 

 "Let's give her a little motivation," said Mistress Jane, motioning the beastly black man to get behind me. Looking up at her I could only say," Please," before the dreadlocked one held his cock to my mouth and pushed in. 

 As his cock slid over my tounge and I tasted his salty pre cum, I felt the thickness of the one behind me pressing against my slit. My eyes looked up to behold Mistress Jane, camera in hand, sneering down at me....... 

 Stepping into the bathroom and turning on the shower, I looked in the mirror as the water warmed up. Looking at my reflection and realizing how different my life is now, from the last time I looked in a mirror, seeming like ages ago. 

 The mirror began to steam as I was looking at it, the blurry image was similar to the beginning of tears. And then I realized it was tears. I was crying. I felt so ashamed I considered kneeling and saying a prayer for my immortal soul. And I might have if I hadn't spent the last four hours kneeling and damning my immortal soul. 

 Stepping into the shower and letting the water cascade down my body, I closed my eyes and tried to think of a way out of this. 

 My only conclusion? Do as you're told and maybe, just maybe this will end soon. I mean, how long could she keep this game going? Was her plan to humiliate me and maybe get some sex? 

 As any woman will tell you, someone is always scheming to get your panties off. Always. Why should this-lesbian?-be any different. 

 I picked up the shower puff and poured a generous amount of fruity sweet body wash into it. Lathering up. Running the soapy pink puff all over my arms. Over my toned arms. Over my shoulders. The water's warm embrace soothing my body. Soothing my fears just a bit. 

 Lathering down my chest, taking care around my still swollen nipples. Soaping up my firm 36D breasts. Over them. Under them. Then down my flat tummy. 

 On a good workout day I almost have the beginnings of what could be called a six-pack abdomen. On a good day. On a regular day my tummy is flat, taut, and toned. 

 Avoiding my crotch area I started soaping up my long, flawless legs. Every muscle taut. Every inch smooth, soft yet firm, and supple. Down to my dainty ankles I lifted each dainty foot and soaped them up. My pretty pink toes shiny and wet. 

 Okay, I just might be okay. Maybe. 

 Looking up at the shower caddy I found several very expensive shampoos and conditioners. Salon quality. Professional stuff. Stuff I could never afford. Picking one, I poured a handful. More then my long blonde hair needed. Deliberately wasting a copius amount. 

 Score one for me. I would take even a small victory. 

 I closed my eyes and lathered up my long blonde tresses, luxuriating in the feel and scent of the high quality shampoo. Letting the water wash away my guilt just a bit I softly reached down, feeling between my legs. Yep. Still tender and sensitive. I lingered perhaps just a few seconds too long when I remembered Mistress Jane's warning about the cameras. 

 What's becoming of me already? What am I doing? This isn't me. Not me at all. I'm a good girl. A decent girl. This has to stop. I'm putting a stop to it. 

 Rinsing out my hair I felt the collar on my neck. Reaching back I tried pulling the lock. Not even the slightest leeway. 

 Fine. Whatever. She had her fun and now I'm getting out of this. 

 Turning off the water I pulled back the curtain. Mistress Jane standing there holding a towel. 

 "Good decision not touching yourself pet," she said, as she handed me the big fluffy towel. Cotton. Egyptian cotton maybe. 

 "Look, Mistress? This has to end, I can't be like this. I'm not a whore," I explained to her as I wrapped the towel around me. Twice. 

 " Aren't you just that pet?" she replied. "What kind of girl makes a video like you just did, ending with a shower scene no less?" 

 Whimpering, I looked at her and she just nodded. 

 "Yes pet, that whole time you were being filmed. Very sensual watching a girl shower. Should get lots of views on your new website." 

 I could feel my resolve slipping away. My determination to end this going the way of the dodo. My tummy twisting up again. 

 But that wasn't all she said. 

 "There's makeup in the vanity. Perfume. Everything you need pet. Make yourself beautiful then come to the bedroom," she said, looking down at me. 

 "We're going to take some more photos then I have an outfit for you to wear. You have a date later." 

 Her words caused my heart to sink and turned my blood to ice water..... 

 

 

 ( to be continued. .don't forget to vote..mmmmmwah).... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 06 ****** bysubslutjenna© Read the first parts of this fictitious tale of tail for your evening delectation. ... 

 Sitting at the vanity I looked at the cosmetics. So many I began to wonder if this Jane owned a beauty supply company. Then it crossed my mind. So obvious my blonde head missed it. 

 I'm not the first girl to be here. 

 Picking up a brush I started. Some foundation. A good base. Yeah. Cover up. Starting to apply my face, as you girls all know putting on your face is a zen time of your day. If guys only knew. It's hard work being a girl, but it's also crazy fun. 

 Just a hint of blush. Yeah. The trick is to not look like you're wearing makeup at all. Natural. Yeah bitches, I woke up like this. 

 I was just getting into my groove when I stopped. Looking at my reflection, the collar on my neck. What am I doing? I'm dolling myself up for this, rapist? Kidnapper? Psycho lezzie wierdo? 

 Just then the door opened, Mistress Jane standing there and, in a different outfit. 

 Looking in the mirror I could see her. Tight leather corset. Her breasts pushed up and constricted. Leather skirt. Tight and short. Knee high boots. Oh my God. Holding a whip. 

 "Hurry up pet," she said. Her eyes burning into me even through the mirror's reflection. Even as I watched she seemed to grow a few more inches. Becoming godlike. Goddess incarnate. I could almost swear she had black wings and horns. 

 

 "Heavy eye shadow, heavy lipstick pet. Pink to match your finger and toenails." 

 

 I whimpered and trembled, dropping the mascara. " Yes Mistress, " I replied. Idiot. Why can't I seem to tell her no. Every inch of my being screamed no, yet my words betrayed me. Maybe it was the way she was stroking the whip. I don't know. 

 "And hurry pet, " she said, grinning. "We have a lot of fun to get started, as soon as you're ready." 

 Picking up the mascara, I started to do my eyes as she watched. Wiping a tear. Makeup ruined. Try again. My trembling fingers held the little brush. Painting my eyes like a whore. Then the shadow. 

 Now I'm sure you girls are familiar with the smoky eyes. Taylor Swift does it. So does Jen Lawrence. And never mind Katy Perry. I did it more. More then them. Heavy blue shadow on my eyes. Whore makeup. Ugh. 

 Next was the lips. Nice glossy coat of pink. Then another. Thick like she wanted. Shiny. Wet look. Top that with a glittery clear coat. Why not try to make it outlandish. Right? Glancing in the mirror I could see Mistress Jane nodding in approval. 

 "That's lovely pet. Now let's get back to the bedroom shall we?" she said, beckoning me with her hand. Her hand holding the whip. 

 "Yes Mistress, " was all I could think to say. 

 She led me back into the bedroom, smiling. I followed, my arms crossed over my naked breasts. For some reason I thought I could still preserve some measure of my dignity. Maybe just a little of my pride. A small touch of my modesty. 

 That ship had long since sailed. When we entered the bedroom the first thing I noticed were the cameras. All four of them. On tripods and wired to a laptop. Lovely. 

 As I stood looking at the scene, every angle of the bed covered by the cameras, she tapped on the laptop and every camera lit up green. 

 " Now don't worry about trying too hard pet. Anything not right can be fixed in editing," she said. Talking to me like I was happy to be here. Like I was talent. Maybe I was now. Seems I was gonna be a star. Go me. 

 Taking out a small camera Mistress Jane pointed to the bed. " Now I understand you're a yoga girl, get on the bed and show me how flexible you are," she said. 

 

 Slowly I crawled on the bed, naked and collared as her camera started clicking. The video cameras rolling. Then I started posing for her... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier... 

 My eyes pouting up at the camera, naked in heels with a long black cock in my mouth, I could only give a muffled groan as I felt the other cock at my entrance. 

 My cuffed wrists flexed and I squirmed. His dark hands gripped my hips and lifted them. Making my back arch. Making my body more accommodating to his tip. His thick tip. As I felt him push, I moaned on the cock filling my mouth. My engagement ring rubbing my chin uncomfortably. 

 Now I'm no virgin. I've seen my share of members, but none like the one pushing in me. It was so thick I thought I would pass out. And that was just the head. Looking up at Jane, Mistress Jane, I could only groan. Her camera focused on my face, capturing the pained pout and my mouth full of thick black dick. 

 "That's it precious, relax and take it," she said smiling. "You took it last night, and you'll take it again so just take it. TAKE IT!" 

 As she yelled the last two words the beastly black man behind me buried his entire long fat cock in my pussy. Making me moan loudly as Dreadlocks held my head down on his cock. 

 My pussy never felt so unbelievably full. He must have had at least 8 inches, thick as a soda can. I gave up all pretense of trying to suck the cock in my mouth to reach the chain holding my engagement ring and just moaned on it. 

 Kneeling, naked, wearing my high heels from the office, thick black cocks pumping me at both ends and my wrists cuffed tightly behind me, Mistress Jane just smiled and winked saying," I can't wait to meet your sweet fiancee precious."... 

 Not knowing how to pose I started off with full splits. Naked. To say it was different would be an understatement. My long legs out on either side of me, spread completely, the bed was easily big enough to contain them. Staying in the splits, I leaned down and rested my body, my breasts flat on the bed. 

 "Perfect pet, that's lovely," Mistress Jane said as her infernal camera clicked away. Keeping my eyes closed and my toes pointed I turned into side splits. My left leg straight out in front of me and my right leg straight out behind me. Tilting my head back, I pulled my right foot up and rested my toes on the back of my head. Then I turned and repeated the pose facing the opposite direction. 

 Click click click went the camera. " Excellent pet, you're doing good," Mistress Jane said. "Now let's see what you can do on your back." 

 Pouting at her and glaring, I lay on my back. Blushing at my nakedness, although by this point I don't even know why. 

 Lifting my left leg straight up I put it behind my head, one hand covering my naked pussy. Then I repeated the pose with my right. Keeping my flawless long legs straight and my pretty little toes pointed. 

 "Outstanding little miss big tits!" Mistress Jane exclaimed. Her camera clicking away the entire time. "Now let's see you do both." 

 Glaring at her, I pulled both my long legs up easily, putting my arms behind my thighs. Bent completely in half, with my ankles locked behind my head, I kept my hands over my exposed slit. 

 "That is absolutely amazing pet," Mistress Jane said. She was so impressed she even stopped taking pictures. But the four video cameras were still lit up green. 

 "I want you to send me another video every day now pet," she said. "In addition to your three edging videos I want a video of you in that pose for at least one edging session. The ultimate goal is going to be performing cunnilingus on your own pussy. Understand pet?" 

 With a pouting whimper, naked, collared and bent in half, ankles behind my head I replied,"Yes Mistress."... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier. ... 

 Mmmmphh...mmphhh..mmphhh... 

 That was the only sound I could make as Mistress Jane talked about meeting my fiancee Finley Anders. Dear Finley. My love. The long cock in my mouth keeping my tounge pinned down and my mouth full. Struggling to breathe. 

 The thickness of the cock pumping into my pussy was making me feel stretched like never before. At first I thought I would pass out, but after a few dozen thrusts it began to feel quite sublime. I felt guilty. Just a twinge of shame remaining as my body responded to the attentions of these two black gods. 

 " That's the spirit precious," laughed Mistress Jane, camera in hand as she noticed the change. My mouth willingly sucking that long black shaft now. My body pressing back against the cock thrusting into me. I looked up at her as she winked. 

 "You really are a good girl precious," said Mistress Jane. "Your fiancee is a lucky man to enjoy that body. I'm so happy you're willing to share your charms." 

 My lips wrapped tightly on the shaft, sucking harder. My cheeks hollowed and my spit running down my chin all over his balls. My engagement ring still on the little gold chain wrapped around the base of his shaft. I knew I'd never get my mouth down that far but that didn't stop me from trying. His moans of pleasure telling my ears I was doing it right. 

 " Ay Jane," Dreadlocks said, the first words I heard from him so far. " I'm 'bout to fill this white mouth with spunk," he warned. His hand gripping my hair and controlling the tempo of his blowjob. 

 " Do it," encouraged Mistress Jane as she zoomed the camera in on my face and mouth. " And precious, no swallowing until I say." All I could do was look at the camera as his hand moved my mouth up and down... 

 After Mistress Jane took a few more pictures of me in different yoga poses, the plow, sun salutation, downward dog, all naked, we took a minute. 

 "Wow little miss big tits, you're very flexible," she told me as she sipped a glass of wine. "The boys are going to love you." 

 The last comment making me whimper. I kneeled, naked and collared on the bed, and thought I better try again. "Please Mistress, may we please stop this?" I pleaded. "I'm really not like this. I really don't think I want to do this sort of thing." 

 " Oh you're quite going to enjoy what I have planned for you pet," she said with a grin. "The things you're going to experience will be amazing. The adventures we are going to have." Her sneer just plastered on her face. 

 Lowering my eyes I started to sob. Wiping my tears. Looking up at her with my most precious blue eyes. The most pleading look I've ever used in my life. She just smiled and pulled out a bag from the dresser. Opening it, I felt my heart sink as she started taking out lengths of silken rope. 

 "On your tummy pet, face down," she told me as she started laying the rope out. I pouted, saying "Please Mistress, please don't tie me, I'll do what you want, please?" 

 I knew if I was tied down I wouldn't like what was going to happen. 

 As Mistress Jane picked up the whip again she asked, "Are you saying no to me bitch?" Very quickly I lay on the bed, on my tummy, my big breasts squished beneath me. 

 "Thought so," she said, putting the whip down. Smacking my ass hard once, she said, "Lift." I raised my body up and she slipped one of the big fluffy pillows under my hips, keeping them up. 

 With a whimper I felt my left ankle pulled out, then felt the rope being tied. Tight. I closed my eyes as she tied it to the bedpost. Keeping my eyes closed and trembling, I felt her pull my right ankle out and tie it. My long perfect legs spread wide. 

 Whispering, "Mistress," she ignored me and pulled my right wrist out. Tying it to the bedpost. Then humming to herself she tied my left wrist. Both tied tightly. 

 "Not going anywhere are you pet?" she giggled. "Try to move little miss big tits." 

 I tried moving. Squirming. Not able to even move an inch. Tied tightly to the bed with a pillow keeping my hips and waist up. I felt her straddle my back. 

 "Open wide pet," she said, putting a red strappy ball to my lips. As I opened my mouth to ask what she was doing I found myself gagged suddenly. My mouth full. She quickly tied on the straps and I was effectively silenced. 

 Naked, collared, tied tightly and spread eagle, face down on the bed, gagged, I whimpered as Mistress Jane took out a bottle of oil with a sneer. 

 "Time to break in that sweet little hole pet," she said, my worst fear realized... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier... 

 My eyes looked straight at the camera as Dreadlocks held my head down one last time. My eyes bulged as I felt copius amounts of thick hot semen fill my mouth. So much. Too much. Trying not to choke, not to swallow, not to drown, I gave several muffled groans to Mistress Jane's delight. 

 As he pulled my hair up and my head off his cock I closed my mouth. Unable to hold it all in a glob ran down my chin. His balls coated. My lovely engagement ring, still on the chain wrapped around the base of his shaft was coated in cum. All the while the beast behind me kept slowly pumpimg his monster in my tight pussy. Slow and deep. 

 "Open wide," giggled Mistress Jane. Opening my mouth she zoomed in on my face. On my open mouth. The thick load coating my tounge. "Swallow precious, and enjoy your reward," she told me. With a grimace I swallowed the horrible slime. 

 

 Throughout my life I can't say I've never sucked cock. In fact on dates, that was usually what happened after two or three lovely dinners. Maybe a movie. However I wasn't much for letting my companion fill my mouth with his end product. Usually I let him finish in my hand or in a condom. So it was not really rewarding to swallow this black man's thick load. But swallow it I did. Several swallows it took to finish, then Mistress Jane demanded proof. 

 Holding my mouth open to show I swallowed like a good girl, Mistress Jane smiled down at me. "One down, one to go precious," she teased. Then, smiling, she told the wall of black muscle fucking me from behind," Fuck her harder and faster, fill her blonde pussy with your sauce." 

 Holding my hips tightly, bruising my delicate flesh, he started hammering me. His thighs slapping mine. Making my entire body bounce. Every thrust making me squeal. Making my face bump Dreadlock's slimy spent member. 

 Just when I thought I was going to orgasm from the hammering he was giving me, it came to a complete stop. Holding his thick member deep in me, his balls against my slit I felt him spurt. I could actually feel every single burst as he coated my insides with his baby makers. 

 I know a lady shouldn't talk like this. But a lady also shouldn't be on her knees, naked in heels, wrists cuffed while a huge black man fills her pussy with cream. 

 Pulling his cock out, my body felt empty. Used and sore. With a slap on my ass he moved away. Pushing me back, Dreadlock also got up and stood in front of me. I rested on my knees, my ass on my heels and tried to catch my breath. Semen seeping from my now gaping pussy, onto my high heels and my ankles, into the carpet. 

 Putting down her camera, Mistress Jane came to stand next to Dreadlock, her hand on his cock, stroking him. 

 "When he's hard again precious, I'm going to show you how to get your ring off his shaft, then he's going to fuck your ass," she told me with a smile. I looked up at her, trembling, and nodded slowly. 

 Resigned to my terrible fate... 

 The gag filling my mouth, I could only give muffled moans, as I squirmed helplessly. I now understood why my ass was elevated. I winced, when I felt the oil run on my ass. Mistress Jane, still humming to herself pleasantly as she poured a generous amount on my taut, pert cheeks. Between my crack. Pouring it down all over my bald exposed slit. 

 Still tender from the earlier session, I gave a muffled groan into my gag as Mistress Jane used her free hand to rub and oil up my lower regions. Insanely my mind could only think how she was ruining the lovely bedding. You just don't do that to 500 thread count Egyptian cotton. 

 After what seemed an eternity, like the eternity I was sure I would be swimming in a lake of fire, she finished. "There you are pet, all nice and lubed up for whatever may happen," she said. I heard her walk away and then walk back. I assumed she was fetching some devious device of debauchery to diddle my derriere delightfully with. Imagine my disappointment when all I felt was a single finger tracing down every bump of my spine. 

 It's often said that a woman's back is the most sensual thing. To look at. To touch. A firm hand on the small of your back as a man opens a door for you is a wondrous thing. Soft kisses down the backbone will actually remove your backbone and make you pliant and willing. So to speak. 

 When Mistress Jane ran her single finger, her nail tracing down my spine, sensuality was the most distant thing on my mind. However, I will admit it did make me quiver. But not in the good storybook way. More like the quivering of a slice of lemon pie about to be devoured. 

 "Let's see what we have here," Mistress giggled as her finger easily slipped between my well oiled cheeks. So well oiled that even clenching tight, with my firm, yoga conditioned glutes, I was unable to keep her probing digit out. 

 "Oh yes, this is the spot right here," she cooed. As she said the last word, I felt her finger slip in my tight, virgin brown eye. Making me squeal. The gag muffling my pleas and making me sound as though I was drowning in a sea of oatmeal. 

 And that was just the very tip of her finger. All I could think was her nail was going to give me quite a scratch. Probably bleed out. But apparently she knew what she was doing. I wonder how. 

 Still with that damned infernal humming, as though she was making a cake, she pressed more in. It was starting to get, disconcerting. My protests well muffled by the ball gagging me. I begin to drool down my chin and kept helplessly squirming. 

 "Just a little more pet, just a little. There you go," she softly said, as her entire finger slipped in. My tight virgin ass clenching. Burning. My head tossed a bit in pain. 

 Then it started to get worse. 

 She pumped her finger in my well lubed little hole a few times. In. Out. In and out. Each time making my body wince and my tied wrists flex. My eyes shut tight, I bit down on the ball gag, drooling like a mindless animal. Feeling my ass burn. Deliciously painful. And to think it wasn't even 24 hours since I first found out Mistress Jane walked the earth. 

 "Ready pet?" she asked. Slippery little hole quivering I could only shake my pretty blonde head no. Hoping she wasn't going to add a second finger. That little treat was coming later. For now? My breathing stopped as I wanted to scream. She was cruelly starting to move her finger. Her half buried digit moving around in slow circles. Slowly widening my anal ring. 

 "You're so tight pet, so tight and delicious, " she said as her finger moved in expanding circles. My high pitched groans muffled. "You will thank me for this later little miss big tits, when you're taking a hard cock in here," she said. Her finger mercilessly opening my tight little hole more and more. 

 Then she added a second finger... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier... 

 As I tried to calm my body, my breathing heavy and my nerves a jangling mess, Mistress Jane continued to stroke Dreadlocks long black shaft in front of my face. I squirmed a bit on my knees, my high heels digging into my ass. Looking at her, at him, at his cock. 

 I felt so guilty now, looking at my beautiful engagement ring, on the little gold chain wrapped around the very base of his dark shaft. My poor Finley. How could I ever wear that ring again without remembering this moment. The diamond covered in spit, and semen. 

 With a grin Mistress Jane cupped his balls, his cock now rock hard again. Pulling my head down with her free hand she gripped his shaft and rubbed the tip across my lips like some kind of kinky lipstick. 

 "Now watch and learn precious," she said. Just inches from my face, Mistress Jane bent down. Her lips parted. My eyes wide in disbelief as she slid his entire length down her throat. Every hard black inch disappearing before my very eyes. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 06 ****** bysubslutjenna© Watching her throat muscles working, and her lips in play tightly against his body, I couldn't believe her skill. Then, I really was shocked as she slid her talented lips up his shaft. The chain and my ring missing from his cock. Looking up at her, she smiled down at me and slowly pulled the chain, and my ring from her mouth. 

 " When I'm done with you precious, you'll be able to do that with even bigger cocks," she said as she slid my ring off her gold chain. "Now I'll give you another chance to earn it back. My man here is going to fuck your ass, and if you can take it without complaining, I'll let you have it back." 

 What she failed to mention was that while he fucked my ass, the other cock would be plunging into my pussy once again. At the same time. On the bed where my fiancee and I slept... 

 Thinking about how my little ass looked now, as she stretched and opened it, I nearly passed out when the second finger went in. My tied wrists and ankles jerking and pulling at the ropes. The pillow under me keeping my body in perfect position. . 

 "There you go, there you go," she said sweetly as she pushed her two fingers all the way in. As though she was actually doing me a favor or helping me with something. In her own way I guess she was. Since she planned on having me take cock there. 

 Tears were dripping down my face. Ruining my makeup and mixing with the drool from being gagged. Soaking the bed under me. Making a puddle. As her fingers pumped I felt her pour more oil on my ass. Thank goodness for small favors I suppose. 

 "Two in pet," she said as she moved her fingers in cruel circles once again. "Three more to go." At those words my gagged, muffled protests rose to new heights, and my head begin shaking no vehemently. 

 With a sigh, Mistress Jane pulled her fingers out. My relief was cut short however, as she picked up her whip. 

 "I guess you still haven't learned yet have you, little miss big tits," she said, as she let the whip play over my back. My pale, pristine back. 

 "You no longer are allowed to say no. So I guess it's time to warm you up a bit," she said as she ran her whip down my thighs. 

 The sun went supernova. My lights glared and every bulb blew. Every fuse, every circuit breaker tripped. All of my being felt as though my soul was flung from my body and I could swear my skeleton tried to abandon ship. 

 As I felt the first lash of her whip... 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 07 ****** bysubslutjenna© As always, read the first parts of this work of fiction first. All similarities to anyone are purely cosmic coincidence. Also don't forget to vote and let me know what you think. 

 ***** 

 My mind was trying to comprehend what my body was telling it, as I felt the second lash of the whip. My tied wrists and ankles yanking, rattling the bed. My loud screams muffled to nothing by the ball gag. 

 By the third lash my mind simply coiled up into itself in horror. Gasping for air, I begin to drool more. Copius amounts of saliva running down my chin. She gave me two more lashes for good measure. 

 "Do you like that little miss big tits?" she asked with a giggle. "Imagine if I were to use more than just the very tip of my lash pet, the sweet agony you would be in. But I don't want you too damaged. Yet." 

 After a second I caught my breath. Just a little. I could almost feel my pristine white back welting up. The she started on my upturned ass. The tip of her whip just catching each cheek. This time she was merciless. I lost count and nearly blacked out after seven or eight. 

 My ass burning. My back in agony. Tears running like a faucet that some careless dowager left running overnight. My drool slurping past my ball gag with each hard breath. 

 "Are you warmed up now pet?" she asked. Playing the whip over the backs of my helplessly tied legs. "Or do you need more?" I didn't know if I should shake my head no or nod yes or just let my body drift into unconscious bliss. 

 When I was a cheerleader in school, at one game I missed a toss. I was what's called a flyer. The girl that gets tossed in the air and does a flip or two before my wonderful squad catches me gently. This particular toss I missed the timing and came down hard on my ankle and wrist. Spraining both at the same time. 

 Mistress Jane's whip made me think of that accident. Made me think those were the good old days. Made that pain seem insignificant. 

 Then she set down the whip. I felt her crawl up and straddle me again. On my back. Her body laying down on mine. Her breath in my ear. As she begin whispering. 

 "Every crude story pet. Every locker room joke and every insane boast men make. Every dirty girl's fantasy. Everything you've seen on television, movies, and the internet. You will do them all. All of them. And the only thing you need to worry about is if you're going to feel my whip first. Do you understand little miss big tits?" 

 All I could do was sob and whimper into the ball gagging my drooling mouth and nod yes. Nod yes enthusiastically... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier... 

 Rendered speechless by Mistress Jane's display of skill I could only stand weakly as I was pulled up by my cuffed arms. Wobbling in my heels. Mistress Jane pulling me to the stairs and leading me up. Somewhere between the foot of the stairs and the top, I lost my high heels. Leaving me completely naked except for the lovely steel bracelets keeping my wrists together. 

 "We already know where the bedroom is precious, don't worry." she said. Which brought chuckles from the two naked black men following us. My wrists cuffed behind me, Mistress Jane led me into my bedroom. I grimaced as I looked at the picture on the wall above the bed. A large one. My fiancee and I in black and white. The irony was not lost on me. 

 " Maybe we could make another black and white portrait for your bedroom precious," Mistress said giggling. Again, the irony not lost on me. 

 Holding my cuffed wrists in one hand Mistress pointed to the Beast, "Lay down there, middle of the bed, on your back." As he did the bed noticeably sank under the weight of all his black muscle. 

 "Up you go precious," she then told me. With a slap on my ass. Whimpering, I made my way onto the bed. Her hand, still holding my cuffed wrists, guiding my body onto his. Straddling him. He smiled up at me as my slit rested on his thick black shaft. 

 "Rub precious," Mistress commanded. "Rub that pussy on his shaft. Wet him with your juices and make him hard." I started to move my hips, rubbing my slit against his cock. Feeling it grow. His first load already inside me seeping. Adding lubrication. 

 Mistress Jane took her camera out again. Clicking away. My naked body, wrists cuffed behind me, rubbing my pussy on this huge black cock. On the bed where I slept with my fiancee. Finley Anders. With a groan the Beast held my hip, keeping me still and used his other hand to guide his tip to my entrance. Mistress Jane giggled as I groaned and sank down on it. Easing the entire thick length in slowly. "Ooohhhhh fuck," was all that escaped my mouth. 

 "Having fun precious?" she chided as her camera click clicked in my face. My pouting pleasure obvious. 

 Straddling the Beast as Mistress Jane took pictures, he held my hips and easily used his muscle to move my body up and down. Masturbating his cock with my pussy like I was a sex doll. 

 Then I felt a hand on my back, pushing me forward until my body was resting on top of his barrel chest. "Your plus one is here precious," Mistress giggled, as I felt my tight little ass being lubed... 

 Still straddling my tied and spread body, Mistress Jane undid the straps and took the ball out of my mouth. My jaw sore. I tried to work some feeling back into it. My chin slimy with spit. 

 "Anything to say, little miss big tits?" she asked as she tossed aside the gag. Still trying to loosen my stiff jaw and catch my breath I replied with a stutter,"N-no M-M-Mistress." 

 "G-G-Good girl," she said, mocking me. Running her nails over my sore shoulders. "Since you're being so good now I'm going to cancel your date later. I'm going to need more time to break you in first I think," she cooed softly in my ear. 

 "Here's what we're going to do little miss big tits," she said as she got off my body and off the bed. "I have some other, things, to check on for now. So I'm going to let you just relax here in bed." 

 I felt a sense of relief. Thinking she would untie me and maybe feed me. Perhaps even a blessed drink of precious water. The only thing I had in my tummy in the last 24 hours was alcohol and a few bites of shrimp. Such was unfortunately not going to be the case. 

 Pulling my hair back and tying it in a tight ponytail, Mistress Jane started humming again. "You really do have lovely blonde tresses pet. I think maybe we should add some pink streaks don't you?" Her fingers tying my ponytail tight enough I thought my scalp was going to peel from my skull like some ripe fruit. 

 

 "Yes Mistress, that would be lovely," I replied while wincing as she tugged my ponytail. Resting the length of it down my back over the five little welts. My ass quivered and I could feel the welts on my cheeks reminding me to be a good girl. It was a lesson I didn't want to learn again. I didn't even think that I was actually being trained. 

 "Yes pet, pink and blonde hair. Very bimbo like. Maybe a tattoo as well?" she said as she walked across the room behind my tied body. "Yes Mistress," I whimpered. 

 If I ever got a tattoo my parents would disown me. My sisters probably disavow me. My church? I'd probably be declared a heretic. Excommunicated. Okay, maybe I'm being a bit over dramatic. But still. 

 When she returned she said, "Open wide," again. Opening my mouth expecting the ball, I was surprised when a different type of ball was stuffed in my mouth. Her panties. Crumpled in a ball. With a muffled groan I tasted them. 

 Believe it or not I was actually thankful. Grateful. So happy they were clean panties. Not worn. I almost smiled. "Shhhh," she said, as she taped my mouth shut over them. "Be hush pet, you're going to taste your Mistress soon enough." 

 

 The tape sealing my lips closed tightly. My face dreading the removal of said tape. 

 That's when she taught me her definition of "relax"... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier... 

 My body resting on the Beast's rock hard torso, I was amazed at how solid his muscular black frame felt. Being an educated woman, and a professional, I'd only ever really been with other scholarly types. Never a man so solid and strong. 

 I'm ashamed to admit I loved it. If it wasn't for the lube being generously poured over my tiny brown eye, I'm sure I would have felt my pussy positively drip. 

 Then I felt a finger slip in my ass. With a gasp I bucked on his cock. Looking up at Mistress Jane, she only smiled sweetly and flashed her pinky at me. Her pinky with my engagement ring. "No complaints precious." 

 I quietly kept my lips pursed and my words to myself as the Beast held my body still. Feeling the weight of another person joining us on the bed. Behind me. Looking at Mistress Jane as she took out her phone and started recording. 

 In most women's lives, despite how many partners they have had, it's rare to find many that have given their rectum over to a man's cock. Most want nothing to do with it. It's dirty. Naughty. Painful. In my life I can say with a straight face, every lover I've had has been in there. Studies have shown educated women are more apt to experiment. I certainly have. Each time. 

 But not one of my lovers ever possessed a cock like the one on Dreadlocks. So thick. Long. Hard. Never having been with a black man I never knew what I was missing. It's true what they say I think. The black man has an advantage when it comes to the penis. 

 Having said all that, this was going to be a first for me. In many ways. First huge cocks. First black cocks. First double penetration. And first time in front of another woman. 

 Looking into Beast's eyes as I felt the tip of Dreadlock's cock at my anal ring, I took a deep breath. Trying to relax. His strong arms holding my body still and easily. My cuffed wrists flexing. Mistress Jane recording and smiling. 

 Then his cock pushed in. Slowly. The pressure intensified until with an almost audible POP, his head was in. I gasped and squirmed but didn't complain. The pain was exquisite. 

 Slowly, inexorably, he started to push. My body held tightly in place as I felt one...two...three inches slip in. Then out to just the tip. Mistress Jane giggled. 

 With his next push Dreadlock got the same three inches in and then some. "Ay 'dis bitch is tight," he told Mistress Jane as he pumped a bit. His shallow thrusts gaining his cock a few more inches. 

 I would be lying if I said I didn't find his Caribbean accent, alluring. Never had I been with someone so exotic. The Beast holding my waist now, as Dreadlocks held my hips and gave a final hard thrust. Burying his entire length in my ass. Making me squeal and gasp. 

 "There you go precious, there you go," Mistress Jane exclaimed. "All the way in, balls deep." Her phone capturing every delightful gasp. "That's a long cock to take all the way in," she delightfully said. As he started pumping. 

 I'd never felt so full in my life. The two thick black members rubbing against each other through the thin membrane between my holes. I closed my eyes, grunting like an animal in heat as they began to pump in unison. 

 That's when my phone, in Mistress Jane's purse, rang... 

 Mistress Jane walked next to the bed and said, "Look pet, J for Jenna," as she showed me what looked like a shiny steel hook. The long end had a ring on it. The short end had what looked like a two inch round ball. Looking at it I was confused. Confused for all of about two seconds. 

 The steel hook had about eight inches on the long side and maybe four inches on the short, if you can imagine. Her panties in my mouth kept me quiet as she slowly worked the thick ball end of the short side into my already lubed anal passage. Slowly. My body in agony as it stretched its way in. Until with a pop it passed my ring and was in. 

 "There you go pet, nice and easy," Mistress Jane said as she slid the hook up my ass. The long steel end resting straight between my cheeks. I continued to whimper into my taped panty gag as she gave the hook a few wiggles to make sure it was snug. 

 Then I felt her tugging my blonde ponytail. Pulling my head back. Not hard but firmly. I didn't really know what she was doing, only that the piece of steel with the ball end was quite uncomfortable in my tight anal passage. My tied wrists tugged a bit and I groaned as she pulled more. Pulling my head back a bit more. Then she let go. 

 As I tried to lower my head I felt the hook in my ass penetrate painfully deeper. Pulling my head back up again I felt relief. Mistress Jane giggled and I realized what she did. She used something to tie my ponytail to the ring on the end of the hook. The hook in my ass. The only way to keep the thick ball at the other end from going painfully deep in my rectum was to keep my head back. And that quickly became uncomfortable. I whimpered into my panty gag and squirmed helplessly. 

 "There you are little miss big tits. You may relax and rest a bit while I check up on some other things." Her voice couldn't help but crack with laughter. "Oh and one more thing," she said. As she placed a mirror on the bed in front of my helpless face. "Enjoy the view." 

 Tied and spread. Naked. Collared and panty gagged. I couldn't look at anything but the reflection of my pained, tortured, and beautiful face. In agony. The hook in my ass tied to my blonde ponytail keeping my head up. If I lowered my pose even a little bit the ball end pushed up deeper. Painfully deeper. I begin to groan. 

 Then she left and I was alone. Whimpering. I really didn't think she would leave me like this. I relaxed my head and the ball pulled up my rectum. With a gasp I put my head back quickly. Pulling my bonds I was tightly immobilized. 

 The minutes began to pass and my neck started to feel the strain. Now I can hold many different yoga poses. For many minutes. I can keep my body twisted and held and not feel the burn. But I hadn't eaten in so long. Hadn't hydrated. My tied wrists and ankles, along with the pillow under my tummy making my back arch. 

 Not to mention my earlier torture. My four hours of teasing myself. 

 So with a groan I felt the burn in my neck. Looking at my blue eyes in the reflection I relaxed just a bit. My muffled squeal absorbed by her panties in my mouth as my anal passage protested. 

 I whimpered at my predicament. If I kept my head up, my neck burned. If I lowered my head, my ass suffered. A single tear fell as I looked at myself in the mirror. This was Mistress Jane's idea of relaxing? 

 Then the maid came in... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...three years earlier... 

 Looking up at Mistress Jane I could only grunt. My phone ringing spurred the two men inside me to pump harder for some reason. Groaning as Dreadlocks held my hips and pounded his long black cock up my ass. Groaning as the Beast held my cuffed arms and pumped his thick black cock up my pussy. 

 The sounds of Beethoven. The lovely Ninth. My ring tone. Filling the room in concert with my moans and the sounds of two cocks working one woman. 

 "Shall we answer it precious?" Mistress Jane teased. "It could be important, it could be your fiancee?" 

 Moaning, I tried to answer but could only gasp. The pounding, two cock fucking machine taking my breath away. Making me feel like less of a lady and more of a woman. I knew since both of them had already cum, they were going to be fucking me for a long time. 

 "I better answer it precious, you're a bit busy," Mistress Jane giggled. Taking my phone out. Looking at me as she pressed the answer icon. 

 "Hello?" she said. I bit my lip to keep from squealing. Pouting up at her. My cuffed wrists trying to pull apart. "No this is her friend Janey, I have her phone. She left it here last night." 

 The torture of not knowing who she was talking to, on MY phone making me moan softly. Bringing me closer to orgasm as the two cocks continued to plunge into me. 

 "Sure I can take a message, and I'll make sure she gets it," she said, her emphasis on the last two words. Making sure I would get it. Just then Dreadlocks gripped my bobbed blonde hair and yanked my body back and up, plunging so deep I squealed. Feeling my anal ring bruise. Feeling him spurting thick hot cum up my rectum. Deep and copious. 

 Mistress Jane giggled and put my phone down. Keeping me in suspense as my tits were mauled by the Beast while he pumped up into me. The other cock still up my ass. With a groan he held it deep in my womb and filled me with his cum. I could feel him adding to the load already there and groaned. I was so close to orgasm I didn't want him to stop. But he did. 

 The cock in my ass slowly pulled out, and I moaned. Then the Beast rolled me off of his body onto my back. My cuffed wrists under me. I watched as they both laughed and left the room, heading downstairs. Leaving me alone with Mistress Jane. 

 "That was your fiancee precious. He said to tell you he misses you and he loves you very much. And to call as soon as you get your phone back," she told me grinning. As I lay on my back gasping and feeling semen oozing from both of my stretched used holes. 

 " No, I'm just teasing precious," she then giggled. As she held my engagement ring and the handcuff key in her hand. Showing me them. "Do you want to know what he really said?" she asked. 

 "Yes please Mistress," I answered. "Right then, spread your legs precious," she said. My wrists cuffed under my back, I opened my thighs. Spreading my legs wide. Still panting and naked, looking down to see two small bruises on my tits. 

 "He said," she teased, drawing it out as she hooked my engagement ring on the small keychain holding the handcuff key. "that he is," she kept teasing. As she took the ring with the key and my diamond and used her long fingers to push them far up my slimy wet pussy. 

 "He is done early and on his way from the airport precious," she told me as I felt her fingers bury my engagement ring and handcuff key deep inside me. "He will be here in half an hour." 

 I gasped as she collected her things, realizing my clothes were downstairs and the video was still playing. Not to mention my wrists were cuffed behind me, my body was bruised and full of cum. The key and my ring buried in my pussy deep. 

 "I will be seeing you soon precious," Mistress Jane said as she collected her purse and my phone. "Good luck and you may keep the cuffs. Don't worry about the video either, I have copies so you're welcome to keep that too," she laughed as she walked out. 

 Whimpering and squirming, I yelled,"WAIT, PLEASE!!" 

 The only reply was the closing of my front door... 

 I squirmed and blushed as the maid came in. Whimpering. Mistress Jane's panties soaked in my mouth. I was unable to spit them out, the tape keeping my lips quite nicely shut. Blushing hard and helpless, completely unable to move. 

 To almost put me in my place, she completely ignored me. As if seeing a naked girl tied to the bed was an everyday thing. Maybe it was. My muffled groans didn't even cause her to look up. A first for me. Usually I can be the center of attention in any room but here, now, I was just part of the furniture. A fixture. An ornament. 

 She cleaned the room. I was almost impressed by her professionalism. Then I noticed she was collared. Her collar black and locked on just like mine. I sighed and realized there would be no help from the help as it were. 

 She quietly went about the room. Cleaning. Dusting. Then disappeared from my view and I heard scrubbing. With a surge of humiliation it dawned on me. She was scrubbing the carpet from my earlier escapades. Scrubbing my juices from the deep pile shag. God. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 07 ****** bysubslutjenna© She made quick work of it and again I was a little impressed. Must be a regular thing I guess. My neck stiffened and I risked lowering my head just a bit. Squealed as the hook's ball end moved up my rectum. Not even a glance from the maid. Then she was gone. Alone again. Naturally. 

 Laying there with nothing to do but think and look at my reflection, I closed my eyes. My head slipped down but this time, the hook didn't make me squeal. Just lovely. I'm getting used to it. 

 As I closed my eyes and begin to drift, I sighed softly. Sobbed a bit. And so my first day with Mistress Jane, first day of my new life, came to an end. 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 08 ****** bysubslutjenna© Just a bit of details, some of you were asking... 

 Any similarities are entirely coincidence and blah blah blah... 

 And of course everyone's over eighteen. .. 

 Hello dear readers. I hope you've enjoyed things so far. 

 Just for your information, this is Jane. Mistress Jane to some of you. Jane Kessler to my associates. Janey to my close friends. 

 I guess you've started to get to know little miss big tits. That little sexpot Jenna. She's quite a cutie. I'm glad I met her, as it were. My latest conquest. I've such lovely plans for that little soul. 

 And I suppose you've probably been enjoying how her boss Precious came to be my pet. Yes Becca. Rebecca Blaine, soon to be Rebecca Anders. That particular morsel was quite easy to break. I think she always had an inner slut that just needed a few drinks to tease out. Like a fish going for a worm so to speak. 

 But this particular novella isn't about those two. Trust me they have their own adventures to come. 

 No this is all about me. Me me me. If you wanted to know how I came to be Mistress Jane, read on. If not? Sorry but that's your loss. Believe me when I say, you're probably not worthy of polishing my high heels with your tongue. Maybe you can be a fluffer for Jenna after she's trained. Maybe. 

 Most wonder how I came to be the bitch I am. It's kind of a long story. I wasn't always like this. Not really anyways. 

 I can always remember growing up different. I was always taller. Look at any school picture or family photo and I was the tallest. Taller the all the girls and most of the guys. Not really big just tall. Big came later. When I bloomed. 

 

 You might say I've been gifted physically. Light skin and brown eyes. Long straight raven hair. Black as the proverbial ace of spades. I stand 6 feet 2 inches. 6 foot 6 in heels, and I always wear heels. 

 My waist is narrow and my hips wide. Classic hourglass figure? Maybe an hour and a half. Now stop holding your breath. 40DD. All natural. Amazing right? So I've been told. 

 Now how did I get to be so, bitchy? Maybe it started in school. Being so tall had its advantages, but it also meant I was a bit of an outsider. And dates were few and far between. So I turned to sports. Soccer, volleyball. And in college I excelled at lacrosse. My favorite. 

 That's when I discovered I had a mean streak. Well, I always kind of did. Playing mean pranks. Pushing other girls around. Pushing boys around too. I didn't really know why I did the things I did, but I knew it made me feel good. 

 

 But on the lacrosse field? I was a terror. Many opposing players went home crying and bruised. I loved being physical and domineering on the field. Even to my own teammates occasionally. After games I discovered another thing about myself. I'm bisexual. 

 Once I realized I had an eye for the girls I also realized I had a certain type. Busty, blue eyed blondes. My weakness. Especially the really girly princess types. Yeah. Definitely. 

 Now how does this come around to me becoming a Domme? Let's look at a few events... 

 The very first time, was at a party. Just at the end of the school year when we graduated. I wouldn't have even been there but the whole volleyball team was going and they convinced me somehow. I was mostly thinking of college and the summer ahead. Of course, it being a pool party helped me decide to go. 

 That night I decided on a skimpy little string bikini and a sarong wrapped around me. The night was hot and everyone was wearing as little as possible. Everyone was thrilled to be off to college or wherever now that we were free. Drinks were flowing and the music was loud. 

 Standing in the corner of the yard, with my girls Beth and Janine, watching people make fools of themselves, who should show up but some of the cheer squad. Uninvited of course. 

 "Who let in the riff-raff?" Beth giggled. "Look at that ones fat legs," Janine laughed, pointing at one. 

 I just smiled with them. I really didn't have anything against those girls, but this was a party for the team and the team's friends. They didn't even cheer at our games. 

 As we watched them mingle and have some of the freeflowing punch with vodka I fixed my eyes on one in particular. Chloe. Chloe something or another. Her bikini was even skimpier than mine, and she was the star of the show. Every guy was ogling her and even some of the girls. 

 She was easily the dantiest of all the cheerleaders. But also the bustiest. Just bursting out of her bikini. With a nudge to my ribs, Beth joked,"You gonna put your tounge back in your mouth, lesbo?" 

 "Whatever, " I told her. "Just wondering how often she does the whole football team," I joked back. But I still couldn't take my eyes off her. Remember at this time in my life I hadn't yet become bisexual. Not that I knew of anyways. But there was just something about Chloe. Well, to be honest, a pair of somethings. 

 As the night progressed I kept finding some reason to be around Chloe. In her vicinity. You might say orbiting her. I tried not to be too obvious but, Janine noticed. With a grin, finally Janine said,"I know you want to get a better look at her Janey. Between you and me, I would like that too." Janine had recently confessed to me she was a closet lesbian and I'm very good at keeping secrets. 

 "I suppose I'd like to know how they look," I admitted, as I ogled Chloe's jiggling breasts. The tops, sides, and underboob visible. "Don't say anything okay?" I told Janine. 

 With a grin, Janine just said to me, "I'll take care of it, be in the kitchen in five minutes." Now what did she have planned? I couldn't wait to see. 

 I made my way to the kitchen alone, and waited. This was Beth's parents house so I knew my way around fairly well. The drinks, the snacks, the music were all set up outside around the pool and patio, so there really wasn't any reason for anyone to be inside. That, and a condition of the party was for all of us to stay out of the house. You know, stuff gets broken and all. 

 I didn't wait long until I could hear Janine telling someone, "Yeah it's fine, the kitchen is in here and you can clean it off in the sink." 

 Just then Chloe walked in, followed by Janine. Apparently Janine had spilled red wine on Chloe-on her bikini top-and of course the princess had to get it out before the stain set. I could only assume it was an accident. Right. 

 I just happened to be standing in front of the sink. Of course. Chloe walked right up to me and looked in my eyes. Clearly a bit drunk. 

 "Like, can you move please? I need to use the sink," Chloe slurred at me. I just stood and smiled down at her. She was all of five feet tall. With Janine standing behind her she was sandwiched between two of the tallest, long legged volleyball players on the team. Both black haired beauties. 

 Standing with my arms crossed I smiled at Chloe. "Sure thing girl, but if you want to get that wine out you should take the top off," I told her. "Yeah Chloe, it's the only way," Janine agreed with a smirk. 

 Before another word was spoken Janine reached over and untied Chloe's bikini top. Both strings at once. The string around her neck and the string around her back. As I watched a bit wide eyed Chloe's big tits bounced and caused her bikini top to simply fall on the floor. Amazing. 

 Chloe gasped, looking up at me with her brilliant blue eyes. Her hands quickly covering her naked tits and her face turning red. Merely smirking I of course took advantage. Reaching to the strings tied at her hips I told her, "Might as well go all the way girl," and pulled them. Untying her bikini bottoms. Janine giggling as they fell to the floor. 

 At this point I felt, exhilaration. Felt like Chloe was completely in my power. Having her naked between my body and Janine's I wanted to taste more of this newly discovered thrill. It wasn't so much sexual as, empowering. 

 Of course we weren't evil. Giggling, me and Janine soaked her bikini and helped her tie it back on, although Janine did get a bit handsy around Chloe's tits. The wine stain never did competely come out though, and after that she did her best to avoid us. At least the rest of that night anyways. Soon I would leave for college and new adventures, but I would never forget that first thrill. And never forget Chloe. That's when my addiction to big titted blondes began. 

 For the first year of college I focused on my studies. And of course joining the lacrosse team. Though I could never stop my thoughts returning to that night. To the feeling of strength. The excitement of stripping a girl despite her misgivings. It was my first Winter break that I took the next step. Going from simple fun to lesbian domination. 

 Her name was Julie. 

 Julie was a surfer girl from California that traded her longboard for a snowboard and moved to Aspen. That's where we met as I took my Winter break there. Skiing and just enjoying my time away from school for a while. 

 She was slender and fit as a fiddle, and of course under her parka she was quite well endowed. Tall but not as tall as me, with stunning blue eyes and a nice tan as a remainder of her time on the beach. 

 We first met on the slopes. Though it was my first time skiing, I took to it like a natural. My first day I conquered the beginner slope easily. My second day I breezed through the intermediate slopes. It was so much fun! My third day? Black diamond. That's where I met Julie. 

 We spent the day skiing on the hard slopes. Testing each other. Of course she was much more experienced and easily did circles around me. That was fine. It gave me a chance to observe her body. And make the decision that I wanted to see her naked. 

 After a day on the slopes we talked a bit. While taking my skis off and while she put away her snowboard she told me she was single and working as an instructor at the lodge. We talked a bit, and I told her I was in college studying for a double major in economics and psychology. We had some hot chocolate and agreed to hit the clubs in Aspen that night. I couldn't wait. 

 That night, we met in the lodge again. She had cleaned up and was almost a different person. Wearing a skimpy little minidress and heels. I looked her up and down. Right then I decided we weren't going clubbing and invited her for a quick drink up in my room. She agreed and we headed upstairs. I had dressed conservative in tight jeans, knee boots and a tight sweater. 

 Looking at her I made us a quick couple of vodka and tonics. We made some small talk and I could feel the sexual tension between us. At this point I didn't have much experience with girls. I wasn't quite sure I was bisexual but she looked so hot I made up my mind. 

 Using the excuse I was underdressed, as she was so lovely in her dress, I stood in front of her. "Do you mind if I change?" I asked her. She sipped her vodka and replied, "Of course not." 

 Looking in her eyes I pulled my sweater off. My big tits encased in a sheer blue bra. My nipples stiff and visible through the thin fabric. Bending at the waist I unzipped my boots and pulled them off, balancing as I did. Then I faced away from her and slowly took off my jeans. 

 Turning to face her I was just wearing my sheer and skimpy blue bra and panties. Her eyes roamed all over my tall body. With a smile I unclasped my bra and shrugged it off. I swear she gasped as my tits bounced out naked. 

 Just in my panties I asked, "What do you think Julie?" Her only reply was to nod yes. With a giggle I took her hands in mine and whispered, "Strip Julie, let's see your body." 

 She trembled as she stood up, and wiggled her dress down and off. I bit my lip as I saw she was braless, just in her red satin panties and heels. I decided right then I wanted to make her do stuff. Naughty stuff. Things she might regret. 

 With a smile I pulled her close to me. Using her hips to hold her body against mine. We kissed. Passionately. Our tits rubbing together. Whispering, I told her, "Take your panties off Julie, now." Testing my dominance over her already. 

 

 She quietly nodded and said, "Okay," as she bent down. Slipping her panties off. "Give them to me," I told her. She blushed a little, being as how we just met that day, and gave me her panties. I stepped back and looked at her naked body, smiling. 

 "Lovely," I told her. "Turn around," I said, as I made a gesture with my finger for her to spin. She turned and faced the bed. Her ass pert and taut. Biting my lip I guided her body to bend at the waist. 

 Her palms rested on the bed, her body held up by her arms. With a grin I suddenly smacked her ass hard. Very hard. It sounded like a gunshot. She squealed and tiptoed. But stayed where she was. 

 This was the point I realized I had a gift. I could recognize a girl with a submissive nature. Something in the eyes maybe. It was a gift that would keep on giving. 

 Giving Julie another hard smack on her other cheek I admired the two red handprints. Then dug my nails in. Making her back arch and her cute voice squeal. 

 Julie looked over her shoulder at me, pouting. That earned her another three smacks on each cheek. Her feet were kicking up and her eyes were watery at this point. 

 "Eyes down Julie, look at the bed," I ordered her. Her compliance was instant. "Yes Ma'am," she said. Bringing a grin to my face. "Have you ever been tied down Julie?" I asked her. She noddd yes, making me grin even more. 

 "Find me some nylons, maybe scarves," I told her. "Yes Ma'am," she said, quickly obeying me. I watched her cute body, her naked except for red high heels body, as she searched through my suitcase and the closet. Producing several pairs of nylons and a few scarves I had brought with me. 

 "On the bed Julie, head down and ass up," I ordered. She crawled on the bed, kneeling, then lay her head down keeping her ass up. I was going to enjoy this little experiment. 

 Pulling her slender arms behind her back, I used a nice pair of pantyhose to tie her wrists tightly. Maybe too tight. Oh well. Then, my imagination kicked in. Taking a scarf, I wrapped it around her eyes, blindfolding her. This whole time her body was trembling and squirming. 

 As I admired my handiwork I had an idea. Picking up her panties I rubbed them all over her slit, noticing how wet she had become. Reaching up I pinched her nose shut. As Julie opened her mouth to breathe I pushed her stringy little panties right in her mouth. Grinning. 

 Being inexperienced as a Domme, I looked at her body and wondered where to go from there. Then it hit me. Hairbrush. Or should I say, it hit her. On her ass. Until my arm was sore. My fine tortoise hairbrush making an excellent paddle. 

 At this point I came to the conclusion, with my panties soaking wet, that this was the thrill I was missing in my life. After I pulled the panties from her sobbing mouth, and having her lick my pussy to several of the most powerful orgasms I have ever had, all while her wrists were tied, I decided I would spend the rest of my life in pursuit of submissive women to conquer. 

 And what a sweet sweet life it's been... 

 (to be continued?...let me know if you dear readers want more of Mistress Jane's adventures) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 09 ****** bysubslutjenna© Read the first chapters. It's a work of fiction and everyone's fictional. We're all adults here as well. 

 

 

 

 The sun streaming through the window. I stretched. Birds outside singing their lovely morning songs. I could smell someone baking bread. And someone cooking bacon. I realized I was famished. My tummy beginning to eat itself. 

 Looking to the window I saw a beautiful butterfly flittering past on lovely gossamer wings. A Monarch? Like I would know. I thought of what the day would bring. A breeze blew past the sheer drapes and cooled my body. 

 Yawning, I took a deep breath of the morning air. The sounds of the world coming to life filled my ears. Taking another deep breath I could almost taste the bread someone was baking. I'd have to visit the neighbors and see if I could sample it. Fresh baked bread is the best. 

 I could hear someone singing and the birds chirping almost in accompanying falsetto. My pillow so soft and the mattress simply divine. I thought I was floating on a cloud and the angels were singing and the sun was a warm ray of morning light. 

 Feeling feathers tickle my back I giggled. Thinking one of the birds was in the room. Feeling the feathers tickling my thighs I giggled again. Must be the butterfly, so gently using its silken wings to flirt deliciously with the backs of my calves. 

 "Wakey wakey," I thought I heard from the butterfly. "Wakey wakey now," I heard again. The gossamer wings teasing a bit more persistent. 

 "Time to wakey," the butterfly sang softly, its wings teasing up my back again. I giggled and wanted some fresh bread, tea, and maybe some bacon. 

 Giggling a bit as the butterfly insisted on teasing over my back, and down my thighs, I felt as if everything was just perfect. Wanting the birds to sing for me and the sun to warm me and the breeze to take my spirit higher. 

 "Wakey wakey now, it's time to begin your new day," the butterfly sang, her wings fluttering all over my body. "Wakey wakey, little miss big tits." 

 My eyes suddenly opened wide. Startled awake. My blue eyes looking back at me in the mirror's reflection. Squirming. 

 My dream, so sweet and beautiful, was simply that. A dream. With a muffled groan I returned to my waking nightmare. Waking to my own tortured body. Stiff, sore, and still tied down. 

 Still naked. Wrists and ankles tied and spread wide. Still collared. As I squirmed I felt the hook up my ass, connected to my blonde ponytail keeping my body almost rigid. 

 The butterfly was no butterfly. Rather, it was Mistress Jane running a vicious looking leather thing over my naked back and legs. When I tried to talk I felt her soaked panties in my mouth. Still taped in. Looking at my reflection I saw her over my shoulder. Grinning like some Japanese type demon. Like an evil clown. Like the Devil. 

 The whip in her hand was different. It wasn't the same one she used before. It looked like several thin leather whips attatched to one thick handle. I couldn't understand how someone could dream up something so evil. I was so innocent. 

 "I see you've noticed my toy now pet," Mistress said as she traced it over my body again. Almost like a gentle lover blowing sweet breath over the endings of my nerves. 

 "This one is called a flogger, though some call it a cat-o-nine-tails," she explained. "This is the gentle one. See how the ends aren't tied in knots or barbed?" she said as she ran the flogger in front of my face. In front of my unbelieving eyes. 

 "If you're good and do as you're told, this is the only one you'll meet pet," she said, as she began to flog my once pristine back. Each hit taking my breath from my body. Each hit compressing my lungs flat and making my body bounce on the bed. 

 Over and over Mistress Jane flogged me. All over my back making the hook and my ponytail jerk. Making the ball end plunge in my ass and making my head jerk back. My muffled screams filling the room. Then she started on my legs. 

 I've always been told I have nearly perfect legs. Long and toned. Perfect proportion. Long, lean and strong. My thighs smooth and supple. My calves toned with that curve only yoga girls and runners can boast. Even my knees are cute. I look amazing in a skirt. 

 As her flogger punished my legs over and over again I could only suck on my panty gag and sob. Crying at my early morning wake up call. Every inch of the sensitive backs of my thighs flogged. Every inch of my taut toned calves flogged. She even flogged the soles of my feet. 

 I was wide eyed and awake now believe me. My heart thudding so hard I thought it would pound through my chest and pump through the mattress and finally wind up in China. 

 At last it ended. Mistress Jane giggling and my breath coming in gasps. My reflection looking at me in empathy. Then she spoke up..... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine.....two years and ten months earlier..... 

 I looked at the monitor in open mouthed shock. My jaw dropped. The email turning my blood cold. The attatchment stirring my liver in a swirling stew of serious stone cold sour. I dropped the pen I was holding and I think I may have even gasped. 

 Two months. Two months to forget what happened. Two months to pretend my life was normal. Two months with my dear Finley Anders, planning our wedding. Our lovely wedding. 

 And now this. A message from Jane. Mistress Jane. Asking if the wedding planning is coming along nicely. Asking if he suspects what happened. Asking if my pussy is shaved. 

 The attatchment was a video. Quite nicely edited. My naked body taking thick black cock in both my tight blonde holes. My mouth full of cum. My ass stretched. 

 As I quickly deleted the email, hoping the company I work for wasn't monitoring these things my phone rang. My office phone. Mistress Jane had kept my mobile and my new number was unlisted. If such things can truly be unlisted. 

 With a sense of impending doom, and a feeling of terrible dread, I picked up my business phone, answering quietly,"Hello?" 

 The male voice on the other end stilled my nerves a bit. Just for a second. "Yes Mrs. Blaine, this is Bill Shockley from the HR department, that's human resources as you well know." 

 There went my nerves again. "Umm, yes Mr. Shockley, how may I help you?" I shakily answered, picturing my office being cleaned after my termination. 

 "Well Mrs. Blaine, may I call you Rebecca? Well Rebecca, this is concerning that email you just received. I'm sure you know the one?" he asked. I shook my head, my hand on my temple."Yes Mr. Shockley, I know the one," I sighed. 

 "Good good Rebecca, now I'm sure you know the company policy on such things?" he asked. My breath coming up short now, wondering what I was going to tell my dear Finley. 

 "I..I'm sure there's been...." I began. My voice trailing off as I realized how ridiculous I sounded. "....a mistake," I whispered. 

 "There's no mistake Rebecca, I can assure you. Now, I'm going to need to see you in my office in ten minutes. First floor, room 101," his stern voice told me. I could only nod quietly and tell him I would be there. "Oh, and one more thing Rebecca," he continued. "Mistress Jane, your Mistress, says to go ahead and leave your bra and panties in your desk." 

 The click of his phone hanging up sounded like a gunshot, as the ocean filled my ears with the rush of blood to my head.... 

 "I trust you had a nice time relaxing pet?" she asked. "A good night's sleep?" I whimpered into my panty gag, my entire body stiff and sore. Every inch. And that was even before the flogging. 

 "But enough rest little miss big tits, we have things to do today and we can't have you being lazy and just laying about," she giggled. All I could do was whimper, every muscle stiff from being tied down all night. It was a sensation I would deal with often. 

 "Now, I'm going to untie you pet, and you're going to be a good girl right?" she asked, swinging the flogger in circles. I nodded yes and tried to smile, a difficult proposition with my lips taped shut. Slowly, she set down the flogger, humming as she untied each ankle, the rope burns evident. 

 "Don't worry little miss big tits, we can cover those," she giggled. "These ones too pet," she said, as she untied my wrists. Sitting up on my knees I pushed the pillow aside and tried to rub my arms and wrists. My legs weak and shaky. My tummy growling. 

 "This might sting a bit pet," she said. Without warning and in one go she yanked the tape off my mouth, causing me to scream and spit her panties out. Causing her no end of delight. 

 That's when I made a mistake. 

 On my knees I started to cry and beg. "Please Mistress Jane, please stop this! Please!! You've had your fun now please please let me go?!" I cried and sobbed. She didn't seem to appreciate my effort. 

 Grabbing my long blonde ponytail, still tied to the hook still buried in my ass, she easily yanked my squealing naked body off the bed. Using my hair to drag me to the bathroom. My high pitched squeals intensified as her pulling caused the hook to bury itself deep in my bowels. Making me walk on the tips of my pretty pink toes. 

 Once we entered the restroom she pushed and yanked my hair and body, forcing me to my knees in front of the toilet. Then, as she kicked the lid up she sweetly told me, "Let's wash those tears away shall we little miss big tits?" 

 Yanking my arms back somehow she easily held both my dainty wrists in one strong hand. Her other hand forcing my head down. Hard. Right into the toilet. I promised myself the next time I saw the maid I would kiss her for keeping it so clean. 

 As my head plunged into the cold cold water..... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine....two years and ten months earlier..... 

 Hanging up my desk phone I was at a loss for words. Trembling, I looked around my office as if some angel of mercy would alight and whisk me away. Some guiding force would show me a way to escape. All I saw was my office. The walls seeming to close in. 

 I knew I could just leave. Walk away. Be done with this. But what would that mean? No more job. No more career. No more Finley. My dear Finley Anders. The wedding would definitely be off. And on top of all that, who knew what Jane would do with the videos and pics of my past indescribably naughty actions. 

 With a sigh I stood up. I pulled my blouse off, then unclasped my bra. Slipping the straps down my shoulders I removed it. My big breasts naked. Putting my blouse back on, I looked down at my protruding nipples. Poking through the green satin material. 

 Then, reaching under my knee length black skirt, I tugged my panties and nylons down. Sitting to slip my heels off I removed both nylons and panties carefully. Thinking for a minute, I cleverly rolled my nylons back up my legs. She only said bra and panties, I thought to myself. I'm so clever. Adjusting my sheer nude pantyhose under my skirt. 

 Slipping my heels back on, giving my hair a brush and checking my lipstick, I trembled as I realized I was probably about to be sacked, fucked, and humiliated. I could deal with the latter two as long as I kept my job. Well, time to go now. Sigh. 

 I left my office, painfully aware my large braless tits were jiggling in my blouse with each step. Down the hall past the reception desk. 

 "Are you going to lunch Mrs. Blaine?" the cute young blonde at reception asked. Some pretty blonde temp, young and ditzy. How I envied her. Jenny or Jenna or something. 

 "No, I'm going down to HR for a bit," I told her, trembling. "I have an appointment. I'll be back soon so let any visitors know I'm out and hold all my calls. Jenny is it?" 

 She smiled at me as she wrote my departure instructions down and said, "It's Jenna actually. I'm a temp but hopefully I will be hired on full time soon." 

 "I'm sure you'll find a position here then Jenna," I told her, as I headed to the elevator. 

 How prophetic I was without knowing...... 

 Just enough time to take a quick breath, my head plunged into the toilet. Mistress Jane forcing it down. The angle of my bent over body meant that of course, the hook up my ass pulled tight and deep. Making me squeal. Bad fortune for me as I swallowed a gulp of the water. 

 Yanking my head back, hair soaked, Mistress Jane taunted and mocked me. "Oh please please Mistress please stop being mean to me," she laughed and teased. Then plunged my head back in the toilet. Holding my wrists in one hand and keeping my head down with the other. 

 I started thinking, this is it. Drowned in some crazy woman's toilet. Nearing blackout, I gulped down a few more good swallows. Then she pulled me up. 

 "You ready to behave bitch?" she asked me. "Ready to act right or do you need another dip in the pool?" 

 Gasping and swallowing, disgusted, I actually apologized to her! "I'm sorry Mistress," I whimpered. "I will behave, I'll be good. I'm so sorry." The toilet water dripping from my soaked hair all over my body. 

 "Good girl," she told me as she let my wrists go. "I knew you had it in you." I looked up at her, pathetic, and smiled weakly. As she towered over me with her hands on her hips. Wearing a leather body glove and knee boots. All in black. I swear she had horns. 

 Reaching behind me, her leather encased breasts rubbing my wet face, I felt her untying the hook from my ponytail. I can't describe my relief, only to say it was greatly increased as I felt her slide the hook from my ass. It felt empty yet I could almost still feel it in me. Crazy right? 

 "Get showered little miss big tits. Clean yourself up and join me in the bedroom after. We have things to take care of, and I need you looking fresh," she told me as she walked away. 

 I could only imagine what fresh torments she had in mind as I turned the shower on, my empty tummy grumbling its need for food. For the second time I found myself giving the hidden cameras a lovely little shower performance. This time, aware I was being filmed, I tried to be as bland and un-sexy as I could. 

 Finding a nice clean towel I wrapped up my long blonde hair. Wrapping another around my body I felt my collar again. And sighed. Quietly walking to the bedroom and towards the bed. My fate in Mistress Jane's hands as she sat on the bed, legs crossed, filing her nails. 

 "That was a poor performance little miss big tits," she admonished. "Your showers need to be sensual, sexual, and titillating." Her eyes looking into mine. 

 "I..I will try harder Mistress," I said weakly. All my earlier resolve down the toilet, so to speak. "Drop the towel pet," she ordered as she stood up, putting away her nail file. As I let my towel drop I stood naked with my hair wrapped up. Deciding she probably wouldn't like it that way, I then took my hair out and tossed that towel aside as well. 

 "You really do have an amazing figure," she complimented, grinning. "The camera loves you, and by the way your website is coming along nicely. Should be online and running very soon pet," she told me. As if I would be happy to hear it. 

 As she came towards me and looked in my eyes, I whimpered. She held my chin and tilted my head up. Smiling. I have never felt so naked as I did in that moment. 

 

 I never expected what came next..... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine. ..two years and ten months ago..... 

 Two months. Two months without a phone call or anything. Two months and here I was. About to knock on Mr. Bill Shockley's office door. The head of corporate human resources. In there with Mistress Jane. What ordeals await. I slowly rapped on his office door. 

 "You may enter," I heard him say through the door. Turning the handle I slowly let the door swing open. Looking in. Bill Shockley leaning on the front of his desk. Balding and heavy, with a fat belly that obscenely hung down over his belt. Facing away from the door, in a chair next to where he stood was Mistress Jane. Working on a laptop. 

 "Come in," he said. "Close the door behind you and lock it." Entering his office I faced the door as I closed it, sighing, turning the lock and mentally preparing myself. 

 "I believe you know Jane," he said, as I turned to face them. She still hadn't said anything, or even looked up from her laptop. "Yes I do know her," I said. "We have umm, met before." This brought a grin to his face. Standing by the door I could just see over her shoulder to her laptop screen. There was no sound but the video playing was quite clear. Crystal clear. Hi def clear. 

 A fit toned blonde, very large breasted, wearing only a cheerleader skirt. Hanging by her shackled wrists as two nearly naked black women were whipping her front and back. Her breasts and her back pale and welted. Her mouth gagged. I grimaced and felt sorry for the girl onscreen. 

 "So what did we need to discuss then," I asked. Trying to maintain my professional demeanor and failing miserably. That's when Mistress Jane, closing her laptop, stood and said , "Come closer precious, let us look at you." 

 I hesitated, but then slowly went to them. Standing in front of her and Mr. Shockley as she faced me. She was just as I remembered. Tall. Raven haired. Wearing a sharp and tailored business suit and heels. Very striking. 

 She looked me up and down, raising an eyebrow at my nylons. Then, looking in my eyes with a smirk, she said, "We meet again precious. I see you've bent the rules a bit. Nylons, and after you were told. I guess I should be more specific." 

 This brought a chuckle from Bill Shockley. "Now Rebecca, I am sure you are well aware the company doesn't allow the type of email you received. Now what shall we do about this, hmmm?" he said sneering. 

 "I can assure you Mr. Shockley, that it, it won't happen again," I said. Trembling. Mistress Jane smirking. "Yes well then Rebecca, there is a zero tolerance rule about such things," he said. The grin never leaving his face. 

 Nodding quietly I lowered my eyes. "I will clear out my desk then, as soon as I leave here," I told him. Then Mistress Jane chimed in. "No precious, no need for that now. I've spoken at length with Bill here, and he's decided to overlook this transgression. Just this once. Isn't that right, Billy?" she asked him. 

 Nodding yes, Mr. Shockley ogled me. I could feel his beady little eyes all over my body. The lights in his office reflected off his shiny balding scalp. His remaining hair thin, grey, and scraggly. "Yes Jane, I think we might overlook this, just this once." 

 I knew where this was headed. I almost couldn't look at him. So unattractive and so unpleasant. "Don't you think you should thank him precious?" Mistress Jane said, smile so wide I could swear she was loving every bit of this. Trying not to think of my sweetheart Finley, I looked at Bill Shockley and smiled. "Thank you so much, Mr. Shockley. Thank you." Of course it wasn't enough. 

 Mistress Jane shook her head and I knew it wasn't nearly enough..... 

 Holding my chin up and looking in my eyes, Mistress Jane leaned down and kissed me. Hard. Passionately. Her tounge invasion was a horde of Mongols storming my bastion of innocence. Swirling around I could almost swear she licked every inch of the inside of my mouth. 

 I've had a fair share of kisses. Making out was never such a sin for me. Kissing boys was always a thrill, and I wasn't shy about using tounge. I didn't usually let it get any more sexual but kissing was always very delicious to me. But I'd never been kissed like that. And I'd never kissed a girl. 

 When she broke the kiss, smiling and wiping her lip, I found myself breathing hard. My body flushed. Blushing. Naked for heaven's sake. 

 "Not too bad little miss big tits, you'll get lots of practice though, and you'll become an expert at the art of kissing," she told me. For some reason I pouted, thinking I was something of a good kisser and kind of disappointed she didn't seem to feel the same. 

 "Speaking of practice pet, it's time for some," she said, walking to the dresser and taking some things out. "There are some skills we need you to develop, and you're going to need practice pet. Put these on, behind your back," she ordered, handing me some shiny steel handcuffs. Whimpering quietly, in silent dread, I put my hands behind me and cuffed my own wrists. Having no experience in such things, of course I clicked them on too tight. Painfully tight. But I knew better now then to complain. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 09 ****** bysubslutjenna© "Kneel pet," she told me. As I sank down to my knees she produced something I never would've thought she would. Looking at it I trembled. I was face to face with nine inches of very realistic, veiny and thick, balls attatched, hard rubber cock. 

 "By the time were done here pet, you'll be able to swallow this whole. Your deep throat lessons begin right now," she said. 

 Kneeling, naked and collared, wrists cuffed behind me, I knew there would be no stopping until those big rubber balls were resting on my chin. It was going to be a long morning...... 

 (to be continued.....) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 10 ****** bysubslutjenna© Read all the first parts if you please. 

 Let me know what you think. 

 It's all just a grand work of fiction and the cast are all adults. 

 ***** 

 Mistress Jane came towards me, standing at my side as I was kneeling in front of the bed. The room my prison for the past two days almost. The shag carpet caressing my knees. So hungry. Weak. My spirit almost broken. Maybe it was more than two days. Maybe it was year already. I was losing track of things. Work. Family. Church. All seemed a distant dream. 

 The reality? Mistress Jane standing next to me, her hand wrapping my blonde hair around in a fist tightly. The steel cuffs biting my wrists. The tip of the rubber cock rubbing my lips. 

 Allow me to describe my lips if you will. Full and pouty. If I pucker and air kiss with the right gloss on them I can make them look like a heart. Very kissable. I guess most guys, being pervs as they are, would say I have perfect blow job lips. Whatever. I've been told my lips look like they always are ready for kissing. Always ready to pucker and always ready to pout to get my way. Things weren't going my way anytime soon. 

 "Open wide little miss big tits," Mistress Jane ordered, as she pressed the tip of the rubber dick against my perfect pouty lips. Opening my mouth she pushed in. The thickness stretching my jaw. Pulling it out she told me, "Lick your lips pet. Wet them. It goes easier if you lube them with spit." 

 Running my pink tounge over my lips, top and bottom she giggled. "Very sexy pet, more," she said. Running my tongue over my lips I tried to use spit to wet them. Making them shine. She nodded in approval. 

 "I know you're hungry pet, but this type of training is best done on an empty tummy," she instructed as she pushed the bulbous tip between my wet lips. "When the balls touch your chin, I'll give you something to ease your hunger, now suck," she said. I really didn't like how she didn't quite mention food, just saying something would fill my tummy. As I sucked. My first blowjob and it wasn't even a real cock. 

 The tip passed over my lips as I tried to suck it. Pressing over my tounge. Past my perfect pretty white teeth and then... 

 Gag..choke...cough...cough... 

 Giggling as she pulled back the tip, Mistress Jane said, "Relax your throat pet, breathe." Then she fed it to me again. Her hand gripping my hair tight. It slid over my tounge before once more... 

 Gag...choke...choke...cough...cough. .. 

 Panting, with spit running down my chin and dripping over my tits, I knew I hadn't even taken three of the nine inches. And there was no sign of mercy forthcoming. 

 I took a deep breath and the tip pushed in my mouth again... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and ten months earlier... 

 Looking at Bill Shockley, at his belly overhanging his belt, I grimaced just a bit. When he grinned his teeth were stained from coffee and tobacco. A lively shade of brown and yellow. 

 "Now don't you think you should thank him properly precious?" Mistress Jane said, with a smile. Looking at me, as she leaned back on his desk. Trembling, I stepped to him, his belly keeping my body at a length away as I tiptoed in my high heels and held his fat shoulders. Kissing his cheek. "Thank you Mr. Shockley, very much," I told him. 

 "Oh no precious," Mistress Jane giggled. "I meant properly, on your knees." 

 Looking at her, I slowly sank down to my nyloned knees in front of Bill Shockley. His face grinning like some idiot troll. Looking up at her, she just nodded. 

 I can't say I'm a prude. Maybe I haven't been a total whore but I have indeed tasted many spices. Sucking cock has been a useful tool. A reward for a good deed. Payment for helping me out of a jam. A trade off for something I desired. But never would I have given a cock like Mr. Shockley's a lick if I could avoid it. I'm not a whore. 

 Having said that, it was with a reluctant smile that I proceeded to unzip his trousers and fish his cock out. His smelly cock. Like a fish and urine sausage in my hand. His pubes bushy, unkempt, and grey. 

 I looked up at his idiot visage, and kissed his tip. "Thank you Mr. Shockley, for overlooking my transgression, thank you." Kissing his tip again. What happened next was almost comedy. 

 As I gave his tip a second kiss, holding his semi-hard cock, he groaned and I found my lips coated in ejaculate. Stringy, yellow, and bitter. It ran down my chin. I quickly wiped it before it dripped on my blouse and licked my lips. Tasting it. 

 He muttered something about the restroom and left the office, leaving the door open. Mistress Jane quickly moved and closed it, giggling. "Well I guess that's that precious," she said. Laughing. I stood up, pouting and wiping my lip and chin. 

 "He's probably going to want that again, and often precious," Mistress Jane giggled. "And you'll provide it for him, whenever he wants," she continued. Opening her laptop I saw the video was still playing. The cute blonde in the cheerleader skirt now on her knees sucking black pussy. 

 "I see that you've noticed the video precious," Mistress said. "That's a girl I went to school with, Chloe. It took some doing to find her, but I think you can see it was worth it. You'll meet her soon," she said. As she closed the window and opened the camera. "Now strip," she commanded sternly. 

 As I began to undress, I knew the afternoon was only beginning... 

 Panting, I took a deep breath before Mistress Jane pushed the dildo in my mouth again. Trying to suck. My high pitched whimpers and moans mixed with sucking and slurping sounds. She pulled it out with a slurping pop and giggled. 

 "You're trying too hard pet. Relax. Let it slide in. Remember to breathe," she told me as she took a tighter grip of my silky blonde hair. Pushing the thick rubber cock in my mouth again. My cuffed wrists flexing and my cute toes curling. 

 Mphhh...mmphhhh...mmphhh... 

 "There you go pet, there you go," she said as she slid more of the veiny rubber cock in my mouth. Deeper. Then out again. Then back in. Establishing a slow rythym. In. Out. In. Slurp. Suck. Gag. 

 Tears ran down my cute face. Spit ran down my chin. My big breasts jiggling. "See pet? I told you I love watching big tits jiggle and bounce during deep throat training," she said with a giggle. Pushing more of the rubber cock down my throat. With a wide-eyed groan I realized that the shaft was indeed in my throat. 

 Holding my hair tight in her fist she pushed hard. Making me gag, spit up, and choke. "You're doing good little miss big tits," she complimented. "Men pay well for a sloppy wet blowjob, as you'll soon learn, and you're a natural," she said as she fed me a few inches more. Then she pulled it out. 

 My breathing ragged and hard, she held the rubber cock in front of my face. The shiny wetness covering almost three quarters of the shaft. I was almost impressed and almost proud of myself. I couldn't believe I had that much down my throat. 

 I can't say I've been a bad girl and I can't say I've been naughty. I've never sucked a cock. Never tasted semen and never even thought that would be something I'd like. But looking at the shiny wet dildo, spit dripping, panting, I felt like I actually had skill. Felt like, I got this. Then she gripped my hair tight and shoved the entire nine inches down my throat. Until the rubber balls bounced off my cute little chin. Then she yanked it out giggling. 

 I told myself I owed the maid another kiss for her hard work as I dry heaved bile and spit into the deep shag carpet for five minutes straight... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and ten months earlier... 

 Lowering my eyes I started to undress. Slowly. I wasn't really thrilled by what I knew was going to happen. Taking my blouse off, my creamy big tits naked. They jiggled as I unzipped my skirt and pulled it off. Slipping off my heels. Mistress Jane just standing, watching, as I took my pantyhose off. Naked now except for my hard won engagement ring. 

 Stepping aside Mistress Jane patted the desk, saying,"Up you go precious. On your back." Looking at her with a glaring pout, I got up on the cold desk. Pushing the few papers and his things aside. Pulling my knees up, crossing my ankles. 

 "From now on precious, I don't want to see you in pantyhose. If you must wear anything, then it's to be thigh high stockings. You may wear hold ups or with a garter belt. Understood?" she lectured. 

 "Yes Mistress," I said. "Mistress may I ask what you've done with the videos and pictures of me?" I asked, already knowing it was pointless. Her answer shocked me. 

 "Yes precious, you may ask," she said as she walked to the desk drawer, taking out a ruler. "Your pictures have been uploaded to a little escort site I run, along with short clips taken from your first porn shoot," she explained as she walked back to the front of the desk. 

 "What? Wait, what?," I stammered. "An escort website?" My heart was pounding in my ears. "Yes precious," she answered. "You're a professional woman by day, and you'll be a professional at night," she said giggling. 

 Standing in front of the desk, Mistress Jane used the ruler to guide my thighs apart saying,"Open your legs precious, wide, keep your knees up." Still in shock from what she just said, hoping it was a joke, I slowly opened my legs. My feet flat on the desk and my knees up. 

 Smiling down at my naked body, as I held my tits, she smiled and said, "I see you shaved your pussy for me. Good girl, but you still need to be punished. Two months I've been waiting for this." 

 Whimpering, I realized some things needed to be said. First and foremost, I couldn't have pics and videos of me on the web. No. Hell no, pardon my language. And that doesn't even begin to describe how insane she must be if she thought I was going to be an escort for her. 

 However, before I could say a word she brought the ruler down hard on my slit. Making me squeal and close my legs. I saw stars from the pain. "Get them open bitch," Mistress commanded, slapping my inner thighs with the ruler. Making me spread them before she smacked my pussy with the ruler again. Bringing another squeal. 

 "No no no this won't do, not nearly," she said. Taking my nylons and yanking them apart, the tearing sound louder then my pained whimpers. I had lost my train of thought and forgot what I was going to say. 

 Working quickly, Mistress Jane used my torn nylons to tie my ankles. Still trying to catch my breath I simply let her. Allowed her to tie each ankle to my wrists. Left ankle to right wrist. Right ankle to left wrist. Suddenly I was a helpless girl pretzel. My limbs twisted, tied, crossed and immoble. 

 That's when Mr. Shockley decided to return... 

 The entire five minutes I heaved and choked, Mistress kept a tight grip on my hair. Holding it for me like a bff or a sorority sister would. Giggling. Saying, "See little miss big tits? Better on an empty stomach." 

 She pulled my head back up, as I gasped. I took in all of one deep breath before I found the thick rubber cock filling my mouth again. "Take it, take it little cunt," she said cruelly as she pushed it down my throat again. Making me gag and spit up. I had a small river of saliva winding its lazy meandering way down the canyon of my cleavage past the sinkhole of my navel and into the valley of my waxed smooth pussy by now. How picturesque. Bob Ross couldn't paint it better. 

 Ignoring my choking coughing gags, Mistress Jane pumped the entire length down my throat over and over again. The rubber testicles bouncing off my chin. My cuffed wrists flexing and my fingers curled up into fists. My beautiful blue eyes bulging. 

 I guess by now you know I have a flat, toned abdomen. My tummy is so tight it's like a washboard. Isn't that what they're called? Washboard abs? Well all my heaving and gagging felt as if I was spending hours on some type of ab roller or oblique workout. Some insane corner of my mind was thinking at least I wasn't skipping my workout. 

 With a sneer, Mistress Jane held the entire nine inches in my throat, using her wrist to stir the cock like some perverted swizzle stick, for a good minute, before pulling it out. Streams of spit stretching between the tip and my pouty lips before breaking and falling down my chest. 

 I could only kneel, gasping, trying to catch my breath as she said, "That's your first lesson pet. Be happy I was gentle. Some of the guys you're going to be blowing won't be." 

 Giggling, she left me there and took the cock to the restroom. I could hear running water as I lay on the floor and curled up in a panting mess. Covered in slime. 

 Coming back she tossed the now clean dildo back in the dresser drawer and walked over to me. "You catch your breath little miss big tits. I promised you a meal as a reward for the whole balls on the chin thing, and I will be back with just that. In the meantime, you lay there and think about how you could've done better," she said as she left the room. 

 If I had known what she considered a meal, I would've gone on a hunger strike... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and ten months earlier... 

 As Bill Shockley came back into the room, he looked at my body. Naked. All tied up in a pretzel and that brought a grin to his face. "My desk has never been put to such good use," he chuckled. Mistress Jane giggled and told him,"You better cover this bitch's mouth unless you want the whole floor to hear her screams." 

 Hearing her say that made me tremble and squirm. "Hold still precious," she said, using her arm to hold my thighs down. My knees pressed against my tits. As Mr. Shockley came around and held his hand over my mouth, I could smell urine. Not soap. He didn't wash his hands after using the restroom. I groaned in disgust. 

 Then my entire world flashed in a red haze of pain. As Mistress Jane held my thighs pressed against my body and started slapping my pussy with the ruler. Bill Shockley kept his hand tightly on my mouth, keeping my screams of agony muffled as she held my legs up and slapped my poor little pussy with the ruler over and over again. 

 Stopping for a second, she ran her fingers over my slit. They came up glistening wet. With a giggle she gave them to Bill for a taste. "Try this," she said, as he sucked my juices off her digits. "Tastes delicious," he said, licking his lips. 

 Then the punishment started again. Using her arm to keep my legs held up and my knees pressed against my big tits, she used one hand to open my slit. The other hand bringing the ruler down on my clit. Again and again. My body tensing up as my little bud swelled. Then it happened. 

 As she punished my swollen clit I was gripped by a powerful orgasm. My body wracked with spasms and my back arched. I could feel my girly juices puddling up on the desk under me. Mistress Jane stopped and took a step back, looking at my trembling body. 

 "I'll let that one slide precious. But if you cum without permission again, I'll have you working in a brothel and you can forget about getting married," she told me sternly. And I actually believed her. While this was happening Bill had taken it upon himself to shove two fingers in my mouth, making me suck them. As I nodded yes at Mistress Jane, with a weak pout. 

 Then she looked at Bill Shockley with a grin and said, "It's time to fuck your new girlfriend." ... 

 Laying on my side, gasping and trying to catch my breath, I thought I would pass out. My jaw was sore. My throat was sore. Let's face it, pretty much every inch of my body was sore. But really? All I could think of was how hungry I was. 

 I was hoping Mistress would return with a sandwich. A hamburger. Even a salad. Anything. I wasn't so much thirsty after the little toilet event. I hate to say that, but it was true. Then I heard her walk in and walk to the dresser. Looking up, I watched as she set a covered food tray down. I almost smiled. Almost. 

 Stepping towards me Mistress Jane helped me onto my knees. My cuffed wrists making it difficult. "Up you go pet, there you are," she said. Petting my head like a dog. I was hoping she would take the cuffs off but that wasn't to be. 

 "I'm sure you must be famished by now pet, so I brought some nourishment for you," she said as she took out a blindfold. "We're going to make it fun though," she giggled as she covered my eyes. I already knew by now to keep my mouth shut. Anything I said would only make it worse. 

 Kneeling, blindfolded, with my wrists cuffed behind me, I could hear her moving the cover off the tray. I couldn't smell food and that should've been my first warning of what was to come. I squirmed a bit, my knees stiff and sore from being on them so much lately. Little did I know at the time, I'd be spending a lot of hours on my knees. 

 "Here's a tasty morsel pet," Mistress said. With trepidation I opened my mouth and felt her push something in. With relief I tasted strawberry. A delicious berry. It tasted like the fruit of the gods. Then she gave me another bite. So delicious. Who can resist a fresh ripe strawberry? 

 "Try it with some cream," she said. I opened my mouth, happily expecting a strawberry coated in whipped cream. As I took a bite I tasted something else. Something slimy coated the berry. Slimy and a bit bitter. Swallowing, I couldn't tell by the taste what it was. Then she fed me another bite. 

 I chewed and swallowed with a bit of difficulty. My brain trying to figure out what she was dipping the berries in. "Here pet, drink this. It's very nutritious. Has all the protein a girl needs," she said, as I felt her put a glass to my lips. Before I could breath in she pinched my nose shut and tipped the liquid into my waiting mouth. 

 I gagged and almost choked as slime filled my mouth. Coating my tounge. Covering my teeth. My mouth full of the stuff. Mistress Jane kept my nose pinched shut and used her other hand to cover my mouth. 

 "Swallow it pet, swallow like a good girl," she cooed in my ear. I struggled and gulped. Swallowing the thick slime with great effort. Finally getting it down, she released my nose and mouth. Opening my lips to ask what it was I was drinking, she poured another good sized drink in my mouth. Again, making me swallow it all. 

 This continued for a good 15 minutes. Drink after thick drink. Swallowing the thick slime. I could only wonder if it was some pasty nutrient drink or maybe a protein shake of some sort. So bitter. I must have consumed at least a pint of it. My tummy feeling full. I squirmed and it sloshed inside me. I began to feel a bit ill when Mistress Jane told me, "Almost done little miss big tits. I know it's a lot but you need to get used to it. And you will. It's going to be the biggest part of your diet from now on. A quart a day I think, to keep you well fed," she told me. I could only grimace. 

 As she softly stroked my hair, she explained, "I really don't yet know what to do with you pet. Part of me wants to keep you here all the time. Another part of me wants to give you a little freedom. One thing is for certain, we're going to have a lot of fun." I whimpered and trembled, my tummy full and sloshing. 

 "Either way, I'm putting you on that protein diet," she said as she removed my blindfold. Blinking, I looked at the dresser. Seeing an empty pint glass, with a coating of some thick white substance. 

 "May I ask what it was I was drinking Mistress?" I said, my voice low and subdued. Almost dreading the answer, having come to realize she wasn't going to do anything unless it was twisted and kinky. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 10 ****** bysubslutjenna© I've always been a good girl. Besides making out, and the occasional grope of my body in certain areas. The few boyfriends I've had can testify. While I'm not a virgin, I've never had a penis anywhere besides my tight little pussy. And that includes my mouth. That would've been considered, naughty. 

 So it was with a whimper, and a grimace, my cuffed wrists flexing and my pretty little toes curling when I heard Mistress Jane whisper in my ear, "You were enjoying your new diet little miss big tits...sperm." 

 When she said that, I belched and a glob came up to run down my chin... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and ten months earlier... 

 I sighed as she told Bill Shockley that I was his new girlfriend. While he chuckled and positively beamed. While unzipping his trousers and fishing his nasty cock out. All I could think was, how could I be his girlfriend while engaged to my dearest Finley Anders. 

 "That's right precious, you heard correctly," Mistress Jane said as she traded places with Bill. "Bill here is you dreamy new boyfriend. And a good girlfriend always takes care of her lover," she told me as she held my ankles. Pulling them up towards her. My wrists tied to them tightly. 

 "That means taking care of all his needs precious," she giggled, holding my ankles and wrists up near my face. Bill stepped up to the desk, pulling my hips and moving my body to the very edge of the desk. Mistress Jane keeping a grip of my ankles, which when coupled with Bill pulling me the opposite direction effectively bent my body in half. He grinned and rubbed the tip of his cock up and down my slit as I thought how I must look like a blonde girl pretzel. 

 Tied as I was, with my limbs helplessly twisted, I was powerless to stop him and I felt his cock slowly slip inside me. Mistress Jane giggled, "Is your new girlfriend's pussy nice and tight Bill?" 

 I softly moaned as he bottomed out. His balls pressed against me. 

 "I've had tighter," he replied, as he started thrusting. I gasped, not from him fucking me, but at the thought of him having any other pussy in his life. "Well if your new girlfriend isn't tight enough, I'm sure she would love to have you in her ass Bill," Mistress Jane said. Winking at him. 

 That was all it took. With a groan I felt him tense up, and realized he was depositing his seed in me. Insanely, I thought maybe I could deal with this, if he always came so quickly. What's five minutes out of my day. 

 As he slid out and stepped back, I looked at him. Covered in sweat. His dick hidden under his fat belly. His grey hair balding and hanging in strings. Mistress Jane bent down and whispered, "Thank your boyfriend for fucking you precious, and let him know he can have you whenever he wants." 

 I looked up at her, then at him, saying, "Thank you for fucking me sweetheart. Whenever you want my body, you can have it." I almost choked on the words, watching him wipe the sweat from his brow with my skirt. 

 I knew I'd be on my back in this office again and again until Mistress Jane planned some new degradation for me. ... 

 With a giggle, Mistress Jane scooped the mess from my chin and lips. Shoving them in my mouth saying, "Waste not, want not pet. Drink it down." Struggling not to heave again, I swallowed. With a gulp, which delighted her to no end. 

 I think at that point, I would've given everything I owned for just a spoon of mouthwash. Or a mint. Anything to take the taste from my mouth. How could I ever get used to this. How could I drink a pint a day. Much less a quart. Humiliated, I realized I was no longer hungry. I had my first meal in two days, and it was sperm. I didn't want to know where she acquired it. Ignorance is such sweet bliss. 

 As I watched her, Mistress Jane went to the dresser again. Taking some clothes out. All I saw was some pink and white, but couldn't see what she produced. I knew it couldn't be good though. 

 "I'm going to uncuff you now pet, and let you have a few hours to rest a bit," she told me. I whimpered, thinking of what happened the last time she said that. Closing my eyes when she walked around me, I felt her unlock my handcuffs. Bringing my wrists around, I tried to rub some feeling back into them. 

 "Don't worry pet, I will be back soon to continue our lessons, okay?" she said softly. "While I'm gone, I want you to shower, do your hair and makeup, and try to rest a bit. Then I want you in this outfit," she said, pointing at the clothes on the dresser. 

 "I'll send the maid up to clean again little miss big tits. Really you need to learn to control yourself," she said with a giggle. 

 As I watched her leave, I heard the door lock, and I knew I wasn't going anywhere for a long time to come... 

 (to be continued...let me know what you think, and please vote. Mmmmmwah xoxo)... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 11 ****** bysubslutjenna© Enjoy and remember, if you don't like it, at least it's free. 

 We're all adults in this tale. 

 Similarities are pure coincidence. 

 ***** 

 After Mistress left I had a minute to compose myself. Rub my aching jaw and soothe my sore throat. My tummy uncomfortably full. I couldn't really believe she intended me to live off a diet of sperm and berries. I giggled to myself thinking, "Spermberries." 

 Getting up and heading for the shower, I pouted a bit. Then, being on my own, 

 I thought about looking through the dresser or maybe the windows to see if there was anything of interest. Taking a pause, I thought better of it. Assuming she would be watching the cameras, I turned on the shower and let it get warm as I brushed out my blonde hair. Touching the collar locked on me, I headed into the shower. 

 This time I knew it had to be good. Mistress insisted on making my showers sexual. So that's exactly what I did. I was trying to avoid being punished as I lathered my body up. Using extra everything. Making my toned body soapy and shiny and oh so wet. I even rubbed myself just a bit in all the right places. I won't lie, it actually felt good. 

 Everyone loves a steamy hot shower, and I took my time. Letting the hot water wash away my guilt and shame. As my eyes closed, once again I could almost forget my situation. Almost. Until I burped a little and was rewarded with the bitter taste of all the semen I had drank. Ugh. 

 Stepping out, for the first time I didn't bother with the towel around me. It didn't matter, cause I knew I'd be naked soon enough anyways. I took the time to dry my hair and brush it a bit. Deciding on a ponytail in case things got messy later. 

 Sitting at the vanity I pondered the vast array of makeup and lotions. Why not pamper myself a bit? It's all paid for and I've certainly earned it. So I sat, legs crossed, naked and collared, treating myself to a high dollar makeover. It was actually kind of nice. I could never afford some of the products she had there, and it was a rare luxury for little me. For little miss big tits I guess. 

 Once I was satisfactorily beautified, I sauntered over to see the clothes she wanted me to wear. Picking up the pink item, and holding it in front of me, I looked at it. A tiny spandex tube dress. Hot pink. Very small. Lovely. The white item? A frilly pair of little ankle socks. If you know what mary janes are you know the type. 

 Never in my life would I dress like this. I might dress sexy at times, and sometimes flirty, but this was a stripper outfit. A stripper or worse. I looked for panties and maybe a bra. None to be found. Of course not, why would there be. I tried looking in the dresser for panties. Of course it was locked. Why wouldn't it be. 

 With resignation, I wiggled into the tiny dress, my breasts barely able to fit. The hemline just beneath the curve of my toned bottom. Sitting on the bed I pulled the little frilly socks on one at a time. Of course one at a time. How else would a girl put on ankle socks? Standing up, I looked at my reflection. Nipples poking out and visible. Just visible. The slit of my pussy showing through the tight hot pink spandex. All blonde, pink, and girly. 

 That's when Mistress Jane returned. With a smile, she nodded approval, and handed me a pair of high heels. Shiny pink pumps with a four inch stiletto heel. Sitting down to slip them on I felt like Cinderella. They were a perfect fit. But somehow I suspected I wasn't going to be meeting my Prince Charming. 

 "There's been a change of plan little miss big tits," Mistress said. "We will continue your deepthroat training another time. Right now however, you're coming with me to pick up a friend of mine. Put this on." 

 As she handed me a blindfold, I whimpered but kept quiet. Covering my eyes and wondering what was going to happen next. I felt her take my arm and followed as she led me away. It wasn't easy walking in those heels blindly, and I almost fell as we went down some stairs. Well, several stairs actually. Some part of my brain wondered if she was leading me down into Hell, and the truth wasn't far off. 

 Completely blind, the mask blocking even the slightest light, I was led into what I assume was a garage. I could smell motors and oil and such. It reminded me of my daddy's garage at home. A million miles away. There was a pause, and I heard Mistress doing something. Then my arms were pulled back hard and I felt rope kissing my flesh again. Whimpering as I realized my dainty wrists were being tied behind my back. I knew in that instant I wasn't going to like where this was going. 

 Wearing only a spandex tube dress, hot pink and skimpy, little white ankle socks, heels and my collar, I was helped into a car. I could tell it was big. It felt like a town car or a limousine. I couldn't be sure. But as I sat there, wrists tied, I could hear Mistress talking on the phone. Saying she would be there soon. Saying she was grateful, and her gratitude would be shown. Saying she has a surprise. Saying it's tight and blonde and innocent. With a whimper I knew it was me she was talking about. 

 As we started off on my next adventure I could barely feel the car moving. The ride was so smooth it felt like we were gliding on a cloud. I squirmed a bit, my wrists tied uncomfortably tight. That's when Mistress took off my blindfold. Looking around I saw that we were in a limo. However, the windows were blacked out. There was no way to see the outside of the car. Complete privacy. 

 "Are you going to be a good girl or do you need to be gagged?" Mistress asked. I quietly nodded and whispered, "I'll be good Mistress." With a smile she nodded back as I felt the limo pull to a stop. 

 "The person we're picking up did some work for me a few years ago pet," she explained. "He got in a spot of trouble but took it well, and never mentioned my name. Guess what today is little miss big tits?" she asked, grinning. "I don't know Mistress," I replied, trembling. "Well pet, since you asked, he gets out today. He hasn't seen a woman in almost three years," Mistress said. I felt my stomach turn and my heart almost stop beating. 

 If you're following my story, you know that I am a good girl. Church and family and always behaving myself. Even in school I never hung around with the wrong crowd or anyone who was a bad influence. Even though my sisters were good girls, I was the best of the bunch. Up until a few days ago that is. Mistress Jane was probably the most naughty person I had met. And now we were picking up some friend of hers from a jailhouse or prison. And it seemed I was a gift for his sins. 

 "Mistress, please no. I..I can't," I quietly pleaded. "Remember the name of your portfolio?" she sneered. "What did it say, oh yes," she giggled, as she took my phone out. My phone that she completely erased except for the naughty pictures she took of me. "You can and you will, yes that's the one. Let's see, which picture would your lovely sisters enjoy," she teased as she looked at my phone. 

 I simply looked away, my tied wrists squirming. "That's what I thought," Mistress said. Her giggling was evil and sadistic. Just then, the door opened. The light from outside blinding after being in the dimly lit limo. I was sitting on the plush rear bench seat and Mistress was across from me. 

 Looking out the door as the driver stepped aside I could see we were parked in front of a nice outdoor cafe. I could see people having a fun time. Eating and drinking in the warm sun. Two girls not more than ten feet from the open limo door. Enjoying iced tea and eating salads. Wearing light summer dresses and sandals and chatting with wide smiles. So free and happy. 

 I just had a glimpse of their happiness as I sat with my wrists tied and dressed like a collared prostitute when the view was suddenly blocked by a solid wall of black muscle. Wearing a wife beater and shorts. "Ah yes little miss big tits, here's our guest," said Mistress Jane with a wide smile. I squirmed all the way to the other side of the car seat as he ducked and entered the limo with us. Keeping my eyes down and my legs tightly together, I wished I hadn't put my hair in a ponytail so I could use it to hide my blushing face. As he got in and sat across from me, next to Mistress Jane, I actually felt the car sink. His body a pure mass of muscle and tattoos. 

 I kept my eyes down and didn't look as the door closed. I could hear though. Could hear the sounds of passionate kissing. Mistress Jane making small mewling sounds as they immediately started making out. As the car pulled away, Mistress told me, "Don't be shy pet, say hello to our guest." 

 My blue eyes looked up to see her, with her leg over his and her big tits out and filling his hands. Both of them smirking. "Hi," I weakly said to him. Mistress Jane chuckled and said, "This is Jerome but you may call him Sir or Daddy. Jerome baby, meet little miss big tits." He leered at me and I was quite obviously a piece of meat. Fresh meat. Fuckmeat. 

 As I sat trembling and scared for my life in front of this six foot two 250 pound mass of solid black granite it never even crossed my mind that for the first time, Mistress Jane was exposed. Her huge mammaries capped with stiff dark nipples out in front of me. I guess I must've been in shock and staring because she then said, laughing, "My eyes are up here pet." That made my face turn a deeper shade of blush. 

 "So what do you think baby? Will it suffice?" Mistress asked Jerome with a grin. Both of them looking at me smiling. "Depends how tight them holes are Janey," he replied, as he sat up and looked in my eyes. "You know I ain't seen pussy in three years girl," he told me as he looked my body up and down. My pale skin barely covered by my tiny dress. "And you sure looking fine white girl," he continued as Mistress sat back and put her breasts back under wraps. "Go ahead Jerome, it's all yours baby," Mistress said, looking at me. 

 I didnt even have time to gasp. 

 He was on me in an instant. Grabbing my blonde ponytail with one hand and yanking my body to the side and down. Hard. I seemed to be just a toy doll he moved me so easy. It took less than one second, then he grabbed the front of my skimpy tight dress and yanked. The spandex tore like wet tissue paper and the dress was just gone. Just like that. I didn't even take one breath and I was naked in heels and little ankle socks. With another yank on my ponytail I was on the floor of the limo looking at Mistress Jane's high heels. Shiny black pumps. 

 As I lay on my tummy trying to catch my breath, my big breasts squished under me, I could hear Mistress giggling. My tied wrists were really feeling the rope and my inner thighs were mauled by his big black hands. I gasped and squealed as I felt him open my cheeks and spit on my tight little bud. My little hole quivered and I knew what he wanted. He was going to ass fuck me. I screamed again and he smacked my butt hard. Then spit on my little hole again. 

 "You better try and relax little miss big tits," Mistress Jane warned. "Few girls can take Jerome and even fewer can get that monster up their ass, so if you want to survive this you better relax." I looked up at her with pleading eyes, then his hands held my hips and lifted my yoga toned butt. My face was pressed against the floor of the limo, with my wrists tied I couldn't support myself. I winced as he spit on my ass again. Then again. Wetting my tight little hole. 

 "I know you haven't had much training in anal pet," Mistress said as I whimpered and felt his tip touch my rosebud. "This will be a good introduction to what your new life will be like," she finished with a smirk. 

 "Here we go white girl," said Jerome, as he began to push. My eyes nearly popped out of my skull and I screamed in pain, trying to squirm away. There was no wiggle room as his hands held my hips tightly. He spit on my ass again and Mistress Jane giggled. "We better gag this bitch," she told him and my agony stopped for a bit. Just for a bit. 

 Jerome gripped my ponytail and yanked my head up and back. Mistress Jane quickly held my jaw open and as if by magic produced a very long thick rubber cock with straps attatched. 

 "Remember your deep throat training pet," she said, as she quickly spit in my open mouth then slid the penis gag down my throat. "This will keep you quiet and keep your daddy happy little miss big tits," Mistress Jane told me as she tied the straps around my head tightly. My eyes wide open as the thick phallus slid in my throat. "Breathe pet, breathe," Mistress advised as Jerome pushed my head back down and lifted my hips. 

 There I was, on the floor of a limo with my head down and my ass up. Gagged with six inches of rubber cock. Collared, naked except for heels and frilly little ankle socks with a rod of pure heavy obsidian resting across half my spine. Over my tightly tied wrists and leaking precum in rivulets on my pristine pale skin. That's when I realized I wasn't going home. Like, ever. 

 Jerome held my ass in his hands. Squeezing and gripping it as his now slimy cock moved up and down my spine. Leaving a trail like some kind of disgusting snail. All I could do was whimper and that's when I felt him lower his tip to my slit. I almost breathed a sigh of relief as his tip rubbed up and down my bald little pussy. I mentally said a prayer of thanks and closed my eyes. I was about to take my first black cock. Only the third cock I'd ever even had. Slowly his tip pushed in and my back arched. My high pitched squeal brought forth a giggle from Mistress. Just then I didn't care, as long as his cock didn't split my tiny ass. 

 That's when he started fucking me. All his anger and frustration at his years of being locked up came out. He had a beautiful little white woman at his mercy and he took every bit out on me. His huge rod plunging and pouring his frustration through his cock into my body as his shaft plowed a channel into my pussy and rearranged my internal organs. 

 Even without the penis gag down my throat, I wouldn't have been able to breathe. His every thrust forcing the air from my lungs each time his obsidian monster bottomed out in my tight bald pussy. Mistress Jane watching and giggling the entire time. 

 His cock pulled out of me and I gasped, the motion accompanied by a slippery slurping sound as my pussy relinquished its tight grip. The muscle bound inmate easily lifted my body and flung me off the floor of the limo onto the sofa next to Mistress Jane. On my back. Grabbing my ankles he yanked off my heels and little ankle socks, one then the other in less then a second. Keeping a grip of my dainty ankles he spread them wide. My yoga trained legs easily spread as wide as the most limber cheerleader. 

 Mistress Jane turned where she sat towards me, and took ahold of my ponytail. She lifted my gagged head and forced me to look down at my body. At Jerome's cock where it lay on my flat toned tummy. My blue eyes wide as I saw how far up it would go when it was inside me. The fat round mushroom tip coming to a point just below my breasts. I was just thinking how I would be impaled and possibly killed by this big black sword when he moved it down and slowly slid it in. Mistress Jane keeping my head forced down and making me watch it dissappear into me. 

 "I hope you're enjoying this one Jerome," Mistress told him as his cock slowly impaled my groaning body. "Shes a bit higher quality then your working girls but I'm sure you'll adjust the price for her customers when shes working for you, " she finished as she held my ponytail. I could only try to breathe as his cock buried itself deep in my womb. 

 "Yeah this big titted bitch will bring in a lot of cash, especially now while she's fresh and tight," Jerome said as he started fucking me slowly. His grip on my ankles tight and his balls slapping me each time he thrust. "You see little miss big tits, Jerome here runs several brothels for me, and runs several girls on the street. He's what you would call a pimp," Mistress explained as he pumped me. "I've decided you're too pretty to work in an office and I'm going to have you work for Jerome here, it's up to him where. I owe him for taking the rap on the escorts and you're an expression of my gratitude to him." 

 The pain in my pussy and my soul faded a bit as two things started to sink in. First of all, I finally realized Mistress Jane was giving me to this hard black man as a gift, to use in a brothel or as a prostitute on the street. As his cock sped up, pounding into my pussy and hammering that point home I thought of the second thing. The second epiphany in my newly acquired life. I wasn't on any kind of birth control. 

 As I was thinking this he took the opportunity to grip my stiff pink nipples and pull them down. So that with each thrust up into me, my body was being pulled down by my nipples. It was so painful I started to squeal and scream. Muffled by the gag of course. My ankles resting on his shoulders and Mistress Jane keeping my head still, making me watch me own violation as Jerome nailed me to the limo sofa. 

 "Here you go white bitch," he said with a grunt, as his cock pulled out and his tip pointed at my cute face. "Take daddy's load cunt," he said, and as Mistress held my head still his cock began spurting. Thick ropy bursts of hot cum shot out across my tits and neck. Then up over my face, painting white lines across my eyes, nose, and up into my hair. The last thick blast straight up my nostrils. With the penis gag blocking my throat I now had two choices. Suffocate, or snort his cum in and swallow it from my nose. Let it run down my throat grossly. Well, obviously I didn't suffocate. 

 As soon as he finished, Jerome pushed me off the sofa onto the floor of the car like he was pushing aside trash. I fell with a groan and curled up a bit. Quietly sobbing. He sat next to Mistress and they chatted a bit about my schedule. 

 "Did you enjoy her?" Jane asked him. "Yeah Janey, she's high quality. When she gonna be ready to work?" he replied. 

 "Give me a few weeks to train her, and get her website finished, and I'll send her to you," Mistress told him as he slipped his shorts on. "She also has some sisters we're going to be bringing in soon," Mistress continued, as I sobbed again. 

 "Good good, that almost makes as much money as a mom and daughter team," said Jerome as he slipped his wife beater on. "How bout my girl Becky, she been faithful?" he asked. 

 "Of course she has," Mistress said, with a giggle. "Her pussy been locked up tighter than you," she finished with a laugh. 

 "Good then. Drop me off by her place. I wanna hit that before I get back to business," Jerome said as he poured a drink from the limousine bar. 

 "Here's the key to her belt," Mistress Jane said as she handed Jerome a small gold key. "You want her husband's key too?" she finished. 

 "Nope," Jerome answered, looking at her. Then they both burst out laughing. 

 As I lay on the floor of the car, curled up, naked and collared and sobbing quietly, my wrists still tied, feeling his thick copious load drying on my face, tits, hair and neck, I realized my old life was gone and my new life was just beginning. 

 (to be continued...)... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 12 ****** bysubslutjenna© This is a work of fiction and any similarities to anyone are coincidence. 

 I've decided to let Rebecca tell her story without Jenna, as per request. 

 Enjoy it and remember, it's free. 

 ***** 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and ten months earlier... 

 Once Bill Shockley finished inside me, Mistress Jane used scissors from his desk to cut my wrists and ankles free. I sat up naked on his desk and stretched a bit as he gave Mistress Jane a small roll of cash. She noticed me watching and with a grin said, "Congratulations on your first client precious, your first of many." 

 It was all I could do to keep my composure. As she saved the video to a disc and closed her laptop. I knew now she had me right where she wanted me. Under her cruel thumb. She had everything she needed to ruin my engagement to my dearest Finley Anders. Looking away I quietly slid my skirt back on, grimacing as I felt the moisture from Bill Shockley's perspiration. Silently cursing him for using my skirt to wipe his sweat. Silently cursing my own self for not having the spine required to stand up to Mistress Jane. 

 As I zipped the skirt up I felt Bill's thin ejaculate run down my thigh. I groaned and closed my eyes in near disgust. Paying no attention to what Mistress Jane was doing, I slid my blouse back on and began buttoning it up. My naked tits under were a bit sore from the whole experience and I assumed Bill had been rough with them while I was having my pussy slapped painfully with the ruler. 

 Too late I became aware of Mistress Jane standing in front of me. Holding the scissors. Grinning as she began snipping buttons off my blouse. The top one. The second one. The third one. "Please Mistress, please no more," I quietly pleaded. Her sneer purely malovelent as she cut the fourth one off. "Fine precious, I'll go easy on you," she said. Grinning as she gave Bill Shockley the buttons. 

 Looking down I could see almost all the way to my tummy. Well, who am I kidding. I could see through my large breasted cleavage down to my navel. Blouse barely holding my braless breasts in place. And then I cursed my nipples for poking out so stiffly. As I bent down at the waist to slip my heels on my left tit actually fell out. I didn't know how I was going to get back to my office and retrieve my bra and panties when Mistress Jane saved me. 

 "I think you should take the rest of the day off and come on a ride with me precious, don't you?" Mistress asked. I knew better then to argue and meekly said, "Okay." Which promptly earned me a slap across my beautiful blonde head. 

 "Is that how you properly address me slut?" Mistress asked glaringly. Pouting a little as I rubbed my stinging face, I replied, "No Mistress, I'm sorry." 

 "Good girl," she said as she collected her things. "Don't worry precious, you won't need your purse or phone or anything, and Bill? Be a pet and call her office. Let them know she's out for the day on business," she said with a giggle. "Of course Jane," Bill Shockley said, sneering as he picked up the phone. 

 "Let's go," she ordered me. And with that we headed out of Bill Shockley's office. Where we were headed I couldn't guess but I assumed I would be having sex again soon. 

 "Mistress, do you mind if I freshen up a bit before we go?" I asked her. "Of course not," she replied with a smile. As we passed the reception I headed towards the restroom. Bill's thin cum seeping from my pussy. 

 "Where are you going precious?" Mistress asked. "If you want to freshen up, you'll do it here. In front of the door," she giggled, holding out a single tissue. I looked at her, then looked around. The lobby being somewhat empty for the moment, I grabbed the tissue and wiped quickly. My hand up my skirt. Wiping Bill's cum off my pussy and thighs as Mistress Jane watched me with a smirk. "All better now precious?" she asked. Nodding yes, I simply pouted quietly and tossed the wet tissue into the nearest wastebasket. 

 As we walked out of my office building onto the sidewalk I noticed her leading me to a waiting limo. A nice one. Black and elegant. The driver holding the door open for us. "Get in precious," Mistress said, her hand on the small of my back guiding me. Almost firmly. 

 I sat in and carefully slid over, quite well aware I wasn't wearing panties. Mistress got in and sat across from me. The driver closed the door and once again, away we went. 

 Sitting in the limo, in my skirt and blouse, I thought how the day had turned for me. Slipping my heels off to rub my feet I thought about how Bill Shockley had been treated to my pussy by Miss Jane. How I was now in a limo with her going to some unknown destination and knowing if I said anything I would suffer for it. Thinking about my dear fiancee Finley. And thinking about my bra and panties in my desk drawer back in my office. That's when the limo pulled to a stop. 

 I felt the limo stop and glanced at Mistress before looking out the tinted black window. Mistress Jane just grinned and asked, "Have you ever eaten pussy precious?" I looked at her again and shook my head no. 

 Many girls in college will experiment. For some it's making out. Maybe kissing in a club to get attention. Sometimes on a dare. A few find they're actually bisexual and some may find they are lesbos. I don't mean the obviously lesbian type or the bull dykes. I'm talking about girls like me that go to college innocent and come out with some new experiences. I never did try it. I was always about the boys. Always. 

 Looking at the smirk on Mistress Jane's face I had a feeling I would be trying lots of new things. As we sat in the back of the limo, her sneer plastered on her face, the driver got out. When he closed his door Mistress simply said, "Strip precious, but leave your heels and engagement ring on." 

 So once again I found myself getting naked. My blouse and skirt came off easily enough, and I simply wiggled back into my heels. My engagement ring sparkly. "Sit back and relax precious," Mistress ordered. Sitting back on the limousine sofa I did my best to try and relax. Taking deep breaths and trying to remain calm. That's when Mistress Jane giggled and ordered with one word, "Masturbate." 

 Looking at her, I could barely conceal the contempt I felt. I mean really. She was threatening my engagement to my dear Finley for one. She was putting my career in jeapordy. She was blackmailing me and she had already told me I was now on an escort site of hers. 

 Not to mention having me fucked by my HR rep at work, not more than an hour ago. My new boyfriend as she called him. Not only that but the two black men she had fuck me in my own home. In my own bed, that I shared with my fiancee! I felt my blood pressure rising and my face turning red. That did no small favor for my lips. My newly shaved lips. My swollen shaved pussy lips. 

 I was already defeated. I reached down and as I spread my thighs, my hand ran over my slit. Then up and over my tummy to my tits. Cupping them with both hands. The weight of them familiar and almost normal. Pinching my nipples. Then keeping one hand teasing my own big tits as my other hand went back down to rub my clit in slow circles, as Mistress Jane watched. I began to masturbate. 

 So here we were. A professional woman, engaged, with a professional blonde bobbed hairdo and big creamy tits, naked in high heels masturbating while another equally sharp woman watched intently. Rubbing and teasing nipples and clit with high dollar manicured nails. French tip nails. That's when my soft moans started, much to Mistress Jane's delight. 

 "You're doing good precious," she complimented. "I want you nice and wet for what comes next," she added, to my dismay. I rubbed slow circles around my swelling clit, trying not to think of what might come next. My pussy started getting wet and I could feel remnants of Bill Shockley's cum seeping onto my fingers. 

 "Can you suck your own tits precious?" Mistress Jane asked with a grin. Looking at her, I kept my right hand teasing and rubbing my clit as I used my other hand to lift each heavy breast up. Running my tounge over each nipple, then sucking them. One at a time. She clapped her hands and giggled, saying, "Outstanding precious, I love a girl that can suck her own tits while she masturbates for another woman." 

 I could only gasp a little, looking at her, with a pout of pleasure as I continued to rub my clit in faster circles. My legs spread in heels and my nipples wet and swollen now. My tounge and mouth taking turns with each breast, licking and sucking them. Of course that's when Mistress Jane took out a camera and began recording. "Smile and say hello to Finley precious," she giggled as she zoomed in on my pussy, my tits, my face. 

 Glaring at her I kept masturbating, my fingers now making wet slippery sounds as I diddled my cunt. My cunt. I can't believe I'm starting to talk and think like that. I can't believe I'm in the back of a limo masturbating for my Mistress. I can't believe two fingers have just slipped in my own wet pussy. And I can't believe I'm about to orgasm. 

 "That's enough precious," Mistress sternly ordered. I glared at her in disbelief, my orgasm so close. My fingers stopped their manipulation of my clit and nipples and my disappointment was clear to her on my pouting face. "Remember pet, you cum when I say you may cum, not before," she reminded me with a smirk. She gave me a minute to calm down then ordered again, "Masturbate." 

 Glaring at her, I began again. My toes pointed in my high heels and my thighs wide open, once more I started rubbing my clit. My other hand, two fingers deep in my warm wet pussy. Finger fucking myself and running my nails teasingly over my swollen purple clit. My hips gyrating on the limo seat and my soft moans all caught on her camera. I knew there were already enough videos of me for her to get whatever she wanted. This time was purely for her enjoyment I started to think. 

 As my orgasm began to build again she suddenly said, "Stop!" With a pouting grimace I stopped again. "Open your slit precious. I want to see how wet you are," Mistress Jane ordered. Pointing her camera right into my folds as I used my fingers to open my velvet channel. The lips pink, swollen, and glistening with a fine sheen of moisture. 

 "Excellent precious, I believe you're ready," she told me. Then she took her phone out and sent a text, while quietly telling me, "You're wet and ready for action now pet, and it's time to party." 

 As she sat smiling at me, I tried to calm my breathing. My body aching for release now and my nerves on the edge of a mind blowing orgasm. Then the door of the limo opened and a dainty little Asian got in. Bleached blonde hair, big fake breasts, and wearing barely a dress over ridiculously high heels. I came to the conclusion I was soon to be bisexual. I wasn't mistaken. 

 As the girl sat next to Mistress Jane she looked my body up and down with a smile. Like a cat eyeing potential prey. I tried to smile back but had a bit of difficulty, considering my state of undress and my open legs. Not to mention my wet and spread pussy lips. 

 "Becca, I'd like you to meet Summer. You have a new boyfriend, might as well have a new girlfriend too," Mistress explained. I looked at her and pouted once again. This was really getting out of hand. 

 "Come closer and greet Summer with a kiss precious," Mistress ordered, beckoning with her finger. I got up and shuffled on my knees to her, then whimpered as I gave her a peck on her brightly pink glossed lips. I felt so...humiliated. My first ever kiss with another girl. Of course I did it all wrong. 

 "Oh no precious," Mistress corrected. "Not on those lips," she added with an evil sneer. I looked up at her, hesitating. Naked in heels on my knees between this cute Asian girl's open thighs. I guess I hesitated to long because the next thing that happened was Summer grabbing my blonde hair with one hand and lifting up her skimpy white dress with her other hand. Suddenly I found myself staring at the first bald little pussy I had ever seen up close. 

 I struggled and squirmed but Summer had too tight a grip on my hair, keeping my head in place. "Now kiss her properly pet," Mistress commanded sternly. My hair was being pulled down hard and my nose was being pushed between her outer pussy lips. I could smell perfume, pussy, and to my consternation, cock. I could only imagine where she had been. As her grip tightened painfully on my bobbed blonde hair, I realized resistance was useless. Leaning down, I gave her bald cleft a soft kiss. My first ever kiss on another girl's privates. 

 "Again," Mistress ordered. So I did it again. Softly kissing her pussy just once. Whimpering. With a hard smack on my pale ass Mistress motivated me. I began kissing Summer's bald little slit all over. Her hand keeping a grip on my hair tightly. Her little giggles echoing in my ears as I started to make out with her bald cunt. 

 "Get undressed Summer," Mistress told her. That gave me a minute to sit back and wipe my lips. Watching as the dainty girl slipped off her dress and sat back again, only wearing heels. I looked at her little slit and managed to see a thin trickle of semen oozing out. Grimacing in disgust and wanting to be anywhere but in the back of that limo just then, I watched the line of semen run down over her little rosy asshole. 

 In time I would think of my current predicament as the lovely good old days. But for the moment, I could only take a deep breath as Summer put a leg on each of my shoulders, and pulled me in. Once again I found myself kissing her sloppy pussy like I was kissing my dear Finley. All over. Wetly. 

 "How's she doing?" I heard Mistress ask Summer. "She needs practice, and lots of it," Summer replied. Then she held my head up by my hair and slapped my face. Several times on each side making my skin sing in sparkling agony. I had a quick breath before she yanked my head back down and rubbed my face all over her slit. Making it wet and slimy. The semen oozing from inside her coating my nose and mouth. "Suck me bitch," the little Asian commanded as she slapped my face again. This seemed to delight Mistress Jane to no end as she couldn't stop giggling. 

 Despite her giggling, Mistress didn't hesitate to get up and move behind me, gripping my wrists and pulling my arms behind my back. She held them there tightly as Summer held my hair and used my face to masturbate her pussy. Her little moans muffled by her thighs on my ears. At long last she pulled my head away and asked, "You ready to suck pussy bitch?" 

 A quick painful twist of my wrists by Mistress and I practically begged her. "Yes...yes please allow me to suck your pussy Summer. Please. Owww god yes let me suck you," I pleaded. She smiled down at me and pulled my head in. Eagerly I started to suck on her wet lips. Slurping. Tasting semen from I don't know how many men as I sucked it from her velvety folds. 

 For my first time sucking a pussy, it wasn't as horrid as I imagined it to be. Maybe it was the taste of men diluting her girly flavor, but I didn't completely feel ill. That's to my credit and I'll take it. 

 As I sucked on her pussy I could taste semen and lube in my mouth. Grimacing, with Mistress Jane keeping my arms tightly held behind my back, I could only swallow the gooey mess and keep sucking. Then Mistress pulled me away and lay my body down on the floor of the limo. "Time to 69, girls," she giggled. 

 Letting go of my arms only to lift them, Mistress pinned my wrists down as Summer got on top of my prone form. Her wet pussy lowered to my face. As I breathed in her scent I felt her tounge begin to work my own cum filled tunnel and I must say it was divine. With a gasp my hips bucked and I actually squealed. Her talented tounge running circles around my clit. My swollen clit. 

 This I must say, inspired me to use my own tounge on Summer's clit. Our moans begin in earnest and Mistress actually let my wrists go to sit back and watch us 69. I held her dainty hips and she held my legs, her bottle blonde hair tickling my inner thighs as she began nibbling all over my bald pussy. Gaining courage I started to tounge fuck her sugar walls. Pushing in, slipping out, pushing in and swirling around inside her. 

 We squirmed and moaned and ate each other out all over the floor of that limo, until Summer gasped and I felt her tense up in orgasm. My own body demanding that I cum, and cum soon, I pleaded up at Mistress Jane. 

 "Please please Mistress, please may I cum?" I begged her. She merely smiled and shook her head no. 

 "I decide when you will deserve an orgasm pet, and you've quite a long way to go," she warned. Much to my dismay, she pointed back to Summer's wet pussy and ordered, "Keep working her, you will give her at least four orgasms before this limo stops," she told me. With a pout, I started sucking Summer's clit once again. 

 By this time, it was no longer a 69 so much as Summer riding my face and digging her nails in my legs. Her squeals and screams of pleasure drowning out the sucking, slurping sounds of my once heterosexual mouth making love to her wet slippery cunt. 

 Fortunately for me, her next three orgasms came rather quickly, to turn a phrase. As she finished squealing and sat up on my face, slowly grinding her pussy against my mouth, I heard her ask Mistress if she could borrow me sometime. With a giggle, Mistress Jane replied, "Of course, but you have to pay like everyone else. Check her webpage on my escort site for her prices." 

 I still couldn't believe she would make me work like that. I would quickly have my doubts banished. Within the hour in fact. After Summer got up and checked her lipstick, the car pulled over and she got out. Waving goodbye at me sweetly, Summer blew me an air kiss and I only smiled halfway and looked away. Her taste still on my tounge and lips. That's when Mistress Jane asked, "You enjoy your first lesbo encounter precious?" 

 Looking at her, I replied, "I'm not a lesbian, I can't believe you made me do that." As she grinned at me and ran her fingers through my hair, I thought maybe that wasn't the smartest thing for me to say. 

 "You're a lesbian bimbo prostitute with very kinky tendencies precious," she said. Holding my hair she leaned down to where I was kneeling naked and kissed me hard. Her tounge slipping in my mouth and swirling around. "After today there will be no doubt as to what you are," she continued. 

 I looked up at her and she smiled at me sweetly. "You should probably call your fiancee soon, pet, and tell him you're working late tonight," she suggested ominously. I nodded and whimpered and pouted. Just then I remembered I left my purse and phone at the office. Not to worry though, as Mistress magically produced the phone she kept the last time we were together. My old phone. Wiped clean except for her number and my dear Finley's. Good fortune for me. 

 So kneeling naked in high heels and my lovely engagement ring, with the taste of pussy and semen in my mouth, and Bill Shockley's wad inside me, I called my fiancee from the floor of the limousine. As Mistress Jane smirked down at me. He answered on the first ring. 

 I explained how I would be working late. How I missed him. How we should have a nice dinner out tomorrow night to make up for my busy schedule. As we chatted, Mistress used the pointy toe of her high heel to push my knees apart. Wide. Looking up at her, she mouthed the word, "Masturbate." 

 With one hand I reached down, once again rubbing my clit in slow circles. Apparently it wasn't good enough for Mistress as she proceeded to reach into some hidden compartment next to her and magically once again produced a thick rubber cock. Big, thick, long and black. I kept talking to my loving fiancee Finley, as she handed it to me. Her grin from ear to ear. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 12 ****** bysubslutjenna© "Yes Dear, I miss you too, and I'm sorry I have to work so late," I said on the phone as I took the dildo and rubbed it along my wet slit. Lubing it with my own juices. "Uhhh yes dear, I'll be home as soon as I'm able," I told Finley with a groan, as I slipped the dildo inside me slowly. Pouting up at Mistress Jane, I took the entire length up inside me. Filling me. Stretching my tight pussy more then my fiancee ever did. 

 Once again, I guess it wasn't good enough, because just as I was telling my fiancee how much I missed him, Mistress reached down and gripped the rubber cock, then started pumping it into me hard and fast. I decided at that point it was better to say goodnight to my fiancee, then to try and hold a conversation with him. 

 "Oh yes, love yes ohhh I do love you," I managed to say. Mistress twisting the dildo inside me. Using it to stir around my wet channel. "I better get back to...oohhh back to work now Finley dear." The words coming out strained. My knees far apart, I leaned back on my free arm and my tits began bouncing with her thrusting of the cruel rubber cock. 

 "I love you and I'll see you soon baby...oohhh," I managed to say before I hung up and moaned like a whore. Planting my heels on the floor of the limo, I lifted my hips and started to grind on the dildo as Mistrsss Jane pumped it in me hard and fast. Then, to my immense dismay, she stopped and slid it out. It left my body with a strange sucking, slurping sound, accompanied by my moan of frustration. 

 Smiling, Mistress put the tip to my mouth as I sank down, my knees pulled up to my tits and leaning back on the limo sofa. "Open wide pet, clean this for me," she requested. As if I had a choice. I opened my mouth and before I knew it, she pushed all eight inches straight down my throat. As the base reached my lips I realized with a start that I didn't gag. 

 "Good good girl," Mistress exclaimed, happily. As she pumped the length in my throat a few times for good measure. "Suck it, suck it good precious, " she purred at me as I began to suck the rubber cock. "I do believe you are going to be my new blowjob queen," she announced as she slid it from my mouth. Putting it away she smiled and patted the seat next to her. 

 I got up and sat next to her, as she turned and faced me. Her long nails tracing teasing lines across my slit. Teasing me. "So your new job, in addition to working in the office and as an escort for me, precious, will be to find and bring new girls for me. I want big titted blondes, understand?" 

 As she asked if I understood, her fingers, two of them, slid into my wetness and pumped into me deep. 

 "Oooohh yes Mistress," I replied, my pussy squeezing her fingers. Bear in mind this entire time, since we dropped off Summer, the limo was rolling through town. Smiling, Mistress continued. Her fingers pumping me slowly, making my hips squirm and my breath come in short gasps. 

 "Now precious, you will be working late tonight," she began to explain. "Just not at the job you're thinking," she continued. As she pulled her fingers out and started rolling my clit between her fingers gently, she whispered in my ear, "Tonight you will be starting your second job, in one of my brothels." 

 I whimpered and moaned softly as she tuggged my clit, then again when she stopped. I felt the limo pull to a stop just as she took out a small bottle of lube. Watching her as she slipped on a latex glove and poured a good dollop of the clear liquid onto her fingers. 

 "So you're clear on your new tasks pet," she said as her fingers began manipulating my bald slit again. Her lubed, latex covered fingers slipping inside me and pumping as my hips lifted. "You will seek out and find cute busty blondes to bring for my delectation," she restated, whispering in my ear as she pumped her long fingers deep in me. 

 "Ohhh yes Mistress, yes I will bring you blondes with big bouncy tits, yes Mistress," I gasped. I would've agreed to almost anything to be allowed an orgasm by then, and the task didn't seem so hard. Her fingers dancing across and over and massaging my clit made it easy to agree. "Anything, anything Mistress please, please may I cum?" I begged as she rubbed my clit faster and with a bit more pressure. The lube coated every bit of my pussy and clit, inside and out. 

 "Now precious, you know the rule, no orgasming for you until I say," she reminded me cruelly. "And since I won't be at the brothel to make sure, this lube you're all slippery with is actually a desensitization fluid. See?" She pinched and tugged my clit to demonstrate, and my eyes dropped as I realized I didn't feel a thing. "You're there to pleasure men, not to be pleasured, and this lube will ensure you don't cum," she told me as she whispered in my ear. Then she poured the desensitizing lube all over my bald cleft and rubbed it in. Lots of it. Her fingers somehow managed to not get any on my tight little ass. Somehow by design. 

 "I want to make sure you feel the ass fuckings precious," Mistress expained. "You need to get used to the feeling of having your ass fucked long, hard, and deep. Men love fucking a blonde in the ass," she went on as she desensitized my tits and nipples. "I want all your pleasure centers numb, so you can focus on giving pleasure, selflessly," she finished. 

 By now I couldn't feel my tits, my clit, or even my love channel. I pouted at her as she continued to use the evil lube, her latexed hand rubbing all over my tits, my clit, my slit. When I was sufficiently lubed and numbed she stopped. Snapping off the glove with a smirk she told me to get dressed. 

 By now I was so horny and frustrated I would've stooped to almost anything for an orgasm, but it wasn't meant to be. Slipping on my skirt and pouting, I looked at her as Mistress said, "Put your blouse on but don't button it, just tie it under your lovely tits pet." I put my blouse on and tied it in a knot under my fat breasts and looked the part of a whore. Completely. 

 "It's time to go to work precious," Mistress Jane giggled. She opened the door and I saw the nondescript house in a normal suburban neighborhood. Not the trashy dive I was expecting. Looking at it for a scond time I felt a slight nudge on my shoulder. 

 "Off to work you go precious, time is money," Mistress told me. I stepped from the limo and looked back at her. "I'll send the limo for you later pet," she said. Smiling sweetly at me. "Have fun." 

 The driver closed the door and took my arm. Walking me to the door with a firm grip. When he knocked, the front door opened and I was greeted by a solid wall of black muscle. The gorilla looked down at me with a smile and I suddenly recognized him as the one that had me at my house last time. 

 "Come on in girl," he said, taking my hand. "I'm Jerome, it's good to see you again," he greeted me as he led me inside. "I'll be your first, and then you can start working." 

 I knew I was in for a long night. 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 13 ****** bysubslutjenna© Back by popular demand, another work of fiction. 

 Everyone's an adult here. And it's all fantasy. 

 ***** 

 Welcome back, dear readers. If you haven't guessed, it's me again. Jane Kessler. Mistress Jane. It seems some of you desire more of my past. More stories of how I came to be the way I am. Who doesn't love a good dominatrix right? 

 After the encounter with Julie, I returned to school and my studies. Working a double major is no easy task, and I didn't have much free time what with lacrosse and all. Yet I did manage to rush a sorority. This was perhaps the one time I was a bit submissive. Just a bit. 

 Somehow during my studies, my best friend at the time Audrey, suggested a sorority rush. Good for networking she said. Good for connections she said. Looks good on a resume she said. She was correct on two of the three. You see, with my family's connections and the old money, I've never done a resume in my life. Wouldn't even know how to make one. Is that what it's called? Making a resume? Sorry, but the only resume I've ever needed is the type where you're on the floor sucking my high heel like it's a juicy thick cock. Not me, you. That's your resume, and if you can't do that, seek opportunity elsewhere. 

 But I digress. Where was I? Oh yes, my little sorority rush story. As I said, my best friend at the time was a cute little blonde vixen named Audrey. The whole sorority thing was all her idea. She always did have a need to fit in. I didn't really care but part of me thought she was right. Good networking. I also secretly hoped to meet another girl like Julie. 

 During rush week Audrey and I visited all the campus greek society houses. Fraternities as well, just to get a feel for everything. One in particular seemed to suit us both. Delta Kappa Phi. It was mostly blondes, which was perfect for Audrey. It was mostly blondes, which was perfect for me. Funny right? 

 We toured the house, met all the sisters and the other girls trying to get in. Then we went out into the backyard for punch and snacks. Everyone was very sociable, and all of us were dressed in spring dresses and sandals and things of that nature. It was lovely and warm out. For some reason during all of this, I suddenly felt a chill down my spine. Like a goose squawking over my grave. Looking to the house I saw her. The sorority president. Tall, blonde, and very very busty. Her name was Tanya. 

 As Tanya walked out onto the patio she looked at all the possible pledges. I knew immediately she wasn't about to take any kind of resistance from any of us. She quickly proved my thoughts true as she spoke up. 

 "Welcome pledges, to the Delta house," she called out. Everyone fell silent and all eyes were on her. Then the cull begin. Twenty six girls had been waiting for a chance to pledge the Delta house. She pointed at sixteen of them in turn. 

 

 "All of you that I just singled out," she said, smiling. "You may all leave now, and good luck." There was a lot of grumbling and pouting as the girls filed out slowly. Noone really knew what prompted Tanya to send them away at a glance. They were all cute and popular girls. I smiled as I watched them leaving, thinking maybe this would be as easy as everything else for me. 

 Of the ten of us remaining, I noticed I was the only one with dark hair. I was also the tallest. Audrey also made it through the first cull, and as I glanced her way she smiled and winked. At this time I hadn't yet had sex with her. We were just close friends, in our own way, and played chess and backgammon together. I had a small apartment off campus and sometimes she stayed over. The thought of us in bed together hadn't even occured to either of us. Yet. 

 "Now, the rest of you lucky girls, come inside," Tanya ordered. We all shuffled and minced our way into the house, and I made sure I stayed close to Audrey. Tanya following with maybe seven or eight of the current sisters. 

 From the rear of the pack Tanya called out, "Make your way to the basement girls. Go to the far side, and line up, your eyes facing the wall and your hands at your sides." We all obeyed her, all ten of us. Nine blondes and one raven haired beauty. I stood at the very end, Audrey next to me. She couldn't help herself and giggled a bit as we heard Tanya and the sisters walk in behind us. 

 As we stood, Tanya begin her introduction to the Delta house. "I would like to thank you for choosing our sorority as a possible house," she said. "The Delta house has a long history of producing the finest college graduates. Should you succeed in becoming a member you will join the ranks of many successful and prominent society women. The finest this college has to offer." 

 "However, to accomplish this, there are several rules to follow during pledge week," she continued. "First of all, if a sister or I give you an order you must follow it without question or complaint. No matter what it might be. Understand?" she asked. We all agreed, even through a few nervous giggles. 

 "If at any time any of you feel like you can't continue, say the word and you may leave. However, you will be blackballed from every sorority on this campus and will finish your studies as a loner." Her words had the desired effect and several girls hesitated before agreeing. "If you would like to go now, this is your one chance to rush a different sorority, no questions asked." To everyone's credit, noone left. 

 Tanya waited several minutes before continuing. "From now on you will address me as Miss Tanya, and any other sister simply as Miss," she said. "Yes Miss Tanya," we all said, almost in unison. "Good girls," she said. We could all hear her high heels clicking across the floor as she walked back and forth. 

 "Consider tonight as your initial audition. The week will test your desire to join the sorority culminating in your initiation next Saturday night," she said. I risked a glance at Audrey and she winked back again. "Now all of you," Tanya then ordered, "Strip." 

 When she said strip, I quickly took off my dress, noticing Audrey also taking her's off. A few other girls were right behind us in disrobing, and two turned and left. Prudes I suppose. That left eight of us. Under the watchful eyes of the sisters and Miss Tanya, bras and panties begin to hit the floor. It didn't take long until eight girls were naked and facing the wall. 

 "Good good," said Tanya. Her inspection quietly continued for several tense minutes. I only bit my lip to keep from smiling, knowing my body would easily pass any inspection. Glancing at Audrey I saw her smile too. Noticing how hot her body actually was for the first time. Busty and pale skinned. Very delictable. Her petite body quite toned. I'd have to ask her secret, since I knew she wasn't athletic. 

 While I was taking in the sight of my best friend Audrey's hot little body, I heard Tanya say, "You, you, you and you may get dressed and leave. Thank you for rushing our sorority." I could only assume she was tapping shoulders, and just like that four of the eight of us were getting dressed. Pouting and grumbling as they were leaving, just like the earlier scene outside. 

 I risked a glance to see which girls remained besides me and Audrey. Two other cute blondes. My odds were looking better. Then I felt a tap on my shoulder. "You two," said Tanya. "Lay on the floor. On your backs." As I lay down I looked and saw one of the girls lay next to me. Both of us naked. Both answered in unison as we got down, "Yes Miss Tanya." 

 As I lay there, on the cold floor, Tanya giggled and said, "Now you two, get on them, in 69. Time to eat some pussy." I bit my lip and tried not to grin and giggle as Audrey, a bit shy now, got on top of the other girl on the floor. Her name was Heather I came to find out. Meanwhile I pulled my legs up and open as my girl mounted me. Miss Tanya was right. Time to eat some sweet pussy. 

 As the cute blonde lay across me in 69, she whispered, "Hi, I'm Sarah." I whispered my own name back, and as she lowered her slit to my mouth, I felt her tounge begin to lick across mine. Just then I heard Audrey gasp and moan. Good for her. 

 Me and Sarah started licking and sucking each others slits, and I could hear Audrey moaning next to us as her and Heather started to get into it. Miss Tanya and the other sisters started making comments like, "Moan sluts," and, "Suck that pussy bitch," and other demeaning things. I was actually loving it. Every bit of it. Sarah had a very smooth and very sweet tasting pussy and I got my tounge up inside her deep. 

 "Yeah bitches? You wanna be Delta girls? Suck that pussy like you mean it. Moan bitches. Moan louder!" I couldn't even tell which sister was saying what, as their voices filled my ears along with the moans of all four of us initiates. I held Sarah's hips and sucked on her clit, making it swell up, as my tounge took long laps up and down her slit. Her mouth making out with my own cunt like it was a long lost lover. 

 "Enough," Miss Tanya exclaimed loudly. Making us all stop suddenly. My chin wet and slimy from Sarah's juices. My own bald pussy dripping wet. I glanced at Audrey and Heather and smiled at the mess they were also in. "Ladies, get up, on your knees," Miss Tanya ordered. All four of us rose up and kneeled as she watched. Each of us answering, "Yes Miss Tanya." 

 Taking a second to pace in front of us, Miss Tanya smirked and snapped her fingers. "Taylor, come forward. It is time for test one of the audition," she said. As we watched, a cute brunette, Taylor im guessing, stepped up, holding a wooden box about the size of a shoebox. 

 As Miss Tanya turned and opened the lid of the ornately carved box, she giggled, causing Taylor to giggle as well. "Girls, hands behind your backs," Tanya ordered again. All four of us putting our hands behind us as we stayed on our knees quietly. All of the sisters leaning, standing, and generally just hanging out watching the events unfold. 

 When Miss Tanya turned around she was holding four sets of nipple clamps, each with a chain. Audrey gasped and Sarah audibly gulped in apprehension. I knew exactly what I was in for and only smiled at Miss Tanya. I was starting to like her. 

 Miss Tanya smiled at all of us. The clamps and chains jingling like windchimes on a pleasant spring day. "Taylor, prepare these bitches please," she ordered. "It would be my pleasure," Taylor replied with a giggle. Starting with Audrey, she began moving down the line. Pinching and tugging nipples. Making them stiff and swollen. Three sets of hard pink nipples, with my dark ones at the end of the line. Each girl whimpering and gasping as Taylor did her work. 

 When it got to my turn, and Taylor began to pull and tug my nipples, I only smiled up at her and slowly licked my lips. She bit her own lip and gave my stiffened nipples a lovely hard twist. I groaned in pain just a little, and swore to myself that this Taylor girl would regret it. 

 Once all of us girls were kneeling with our nipples sufficiently swollen, thanks to Taylor, Miss Tanya walked down the line. Clamping each pair of nipples. Starting with Audrey. She groaned and whimpered as her pink nipples were clamped. Then came Heather, and she actually squealed. Sarah took it well, only a small groan left her mouth as her pink nipples were clamped. 

 Then it was my turn. I smiled up at Miss Tanya and she smiled back as she applied the clamps. I showed no sign of discomfort, not wanting to give the sisters any satisfaction. But oh my god were they ever tight. Painfully tight. I had previously never had the pleasure of clamped nipples, and I swore I would return the favor to each sorority sister and Miss Tanya the first chance I got. 

 "Now bitches, bow down and place your foreheads on the floor, hands behind your backs," Miss Tanya ordered. All the sisters giggling as we complied. All four of us, our heads down and asses up. All four pairs of clamped nipples touching the floor, and all of our tits pressed against it. The little chains connecting each set of clamps resting on the shiny hardwood floor. 

 "This first test," Miss Tanya explained, as she paced in front of us, "is called devotion." Her clicking high heels stopped in front of Audrey at the end of the line. In unison all the sorority sisters said, "Pledge and prove your devotion to the Delta house." 

 I assumed it was some traditional ceremony, not just a way for these girls to get a thrill. Not that I cared either way. As I was thinking this, Miss Tanya stepped on the chain connecting Audrey's clamped nipples with her polished high heel. Sneering, she ordered, "Prove your devotion pledge, say you want to be a Delta sister and sit up." 

 I suppressed a grin, and decided right then I liked Miss Tanya and I loved this sorority. I would do whatever it took to be a sister. I heard my best friend Audrey say, "I want to be a Delta sister," and then I heard a squeal. I snuck a glance, and saw Audrey sitting up on her knees. Her pink nipples swollen and purely purple. The clamps and chain still under Miss Tanya's high heel. She actually did it. I was impressed. 

 Then Heather had her turn. "Prove your devotion pledge, say you want to be a Delta sister and sit up," Miss Tanya ordered her. Heather paused, then said, "I want to be a Delta sister," and tried to sit up. Gasping as her nipples stayed clamped down. The sisters all clapping. Her struggles and squeals were divine as she pulled and tugged. The chain firmly under Miss Tanya's heel. 

 I was watching, from the corner of my eye, past Sarah. Past her nervous trembling body. Watching Heather struggle, trying to lift herself, with Miss Tanya keeping the little chain firmly down. Her clamped nipples pulled, her tits stretched each time she made an attempt. Her squeals and moans of pain making me wet. The sisters chiding her, "Pull bitch, tug, prove your devotion!" Almost a chorus of derision. 

 Finally, Miss Tanya said, "I guess you don't want to be a sister then," and let her up. Heather crying, sobbing as Taylor unclamped her tortured nipples. Miss Tanya looking down at her. Then she said, "Get your clothes and leave, and you will not be joining any other sorority, be sure of that. Unless you fuck your way in, bitch." 

 I grinned a bit as the sisters laughed and ushered Heather out. Still naked. I almost felt bad for her as she cried her way out the door. Almost. Truth be told I would have humiliated her even more just for her crying, but that's just me. 

 If Sarah wasn't trembling before, she was now, as Miss Tanya stood in front of her. "Prove your devotion pledge, say you want to be a Delta sister and sit up," commanded Miss Tanya. Her heel trapping the chain Sarah had between her nipple clamps. 

 Sarah hesitated, just like Heather, and I started to think it would be down to me and Audrey. Then Sarah screamed and yanked her body up. Yelling out the words, "I want to be a Delta sister!!" 

 And suddenly, just like that she was sitting up on her knees, quietly sobbing. Her nipples swollen and purple just like Audrey's. Miss Tanya smiled and looked at her. Then she stepped in front of me. Her high heel trapping the chain connected to my nipple clamps. 

 "I don't need to tell you what to do, do I pledge?" she asked me. Planting my hands on the floor, I began to push my body up. Letting the chain hold my clamped nipples down. Just for dramatic effect, I moaned and moved my body in slow circles, letting the sisters and Miss Tanya appreciate my big tits pulled and stretched in circles. 

 Then, to prove my devotion, I slowly sat up. My nipples and tits tugged and stretched slowly as I repeated the mantra, over and over. "I want to be a Delta sister, I want to be a Delta sister. I want to be a Delta...Kappa...Phi..sister!" As I screamed the last word I sat up. The cruel clamps popping off my nipples and falling to the floor with a sweet jingle. 

 Then, just for fun, I looked up into Miss Tanya's eyes, lifted each of my tits, and kissed each of my own nipples once, telling her, "I want to be a Delta sister." 

 Every girl in the room was speechless, even the sisters. Audrey was looking at me in awe and I swear even Miss Tanya was wet. She remained unperturbed and merely pet me on my head. 

 "Perhaps you will be pledge, perhaps you will be." Then she stepped back and said, "Congratulations. You have all passed the first test. And then there were three. Kiana, it's time for test two," she said, snapping her fingers. 

 As me, Sarah, and Audrey were on our knees, nipples sore and swollen, another sister stepped up, holding three blindfolds. One by one she covered our eyes tightly, as the low hum of girls chatting quietly filled the room. 

 "Now pledges, this next test is called discovery. On all fours and crawl forward until you're told to stop," Miss Tanya instructed. The three of us, naked and blindfolded, got down and crawled slowly forwards. Feeling our way along. We didn't get very far, and suddenly all the sorority girls got really quiet as Miss Tanya commanded, "Stop, and stay in position." 

 Unable to see each other, or the sisters, we all stopped and stayed on all fours. The only sound was the sound of rustling, like leaves, and Miss Tanya whispering to someone. As I listened closely, I heard a cap being opened. Then, I heard Audrey gasp. And what sounded like something slippery being used. 

 I had my suspicions and was soon to be proven correct as I next heard Sarah squeal and giggle. More slippery sounding noises. Taking a deep breath, I then felt what was happening. What had happened to Audrey and Sarah. Oil being poured all over my back, my ass, down my crack and over my slit. I kept quiet as I felt soft hands spreading it all over me. I could swear half a bottle was used and soon I was slippery as an eel. An eel covered in oil. My holes lubed and massaged, both of them prepared. 

 "As I said pledges, discovery," Miss Tanya explained. "This is where we discover who is willing to take the next step towards becoming a sister." I bit my lip, and I could hear Audrey breathing heavy. Sarah gave up no clue as to what she was feeling. "Discover yourself, and take the next step," the sisters chanted in unison. The ceremony felt thick with tradition. If I wasn't blindfolded I would have rolled my eyes. 

 The next thing I heard was Audrey, gasping. Squealing. Mewling and moaning. I wondered what they must be doing to her. Her protests and her pleading with them to stop. It must've been painful I guessed. Finally she stopped and Miss Tanya asked her, "Do you want to be a Delta sister pledge?" She caught her breath and replied weakly, "Yes Miss Tanya." 

 Then I heard high heels clicking as Miss Tanya moved to Sarah, teasingly slow. Being blindfolded made every sound a bit more loud and clear. So I clearly heard Sarah squeal and exclaim, "Oh my god!" 

 This delighted the sisters as they laughed even more than when Heather couldn't pass her first test. Sarah continued gasping the words, "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," over and over again. I could hear her actually slapping the floor. 

 "Do you want to be a Delta sister pledge?" Miss Tanya asked her. "Yes..yes please, I want to be a sister," came Sarah's gasping reply. I heard a sharp slap then Miss Tanya asked again, "Do you want to be a Delta sister pledge?" 

 Getting it right the second time, Sarah replied, "Yes Miss Tanya." All the sorority sisters clapped and cheered for her. One even whistled. Then it was my turn. 

 I heard Miss Tanya step in front of me, and I felt hands opening my ass up. I asssumed it was that Kiana sister, spreading my cheeks apart. My well lubed and oiled up cheeks. Miss Tanya then leaned down and whispered, "I like you pledge, don't disappoint me, take this like a good little slut." 

 Before I could process that, I felt a thick object wiggling its way up my ass. Very thick. I groaned a bit and arched my back. The very truth of the matter was that despite being very sexual, I had never done anything anal. For my first time, I was taking a very thick, very long plug up my tight virgin ass. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 13 ****** bysubslutjenna© Now I knew why the other girls made such a fuss. It hurt! Kiana was relentless and firm and quite merciless as she pushed the entire thing slowly in. All the way in. Deep. My words caught in my throat but I kept myself together and took it. Finally she got the fattest part in and my anal ring closed around the base of the plug. 

 "Now you do want to be a Delta sister, don't you pledge?" Miss Tanya asked. I could hear the smirk in her voice. "Yes Miss Tanya, I do want to be a Delta sister," I calmly replied. Calm but my ass was in agony. Stretched. I could hear Sarah and Audrey whimpering next to me. 

 "Good girls, you have all passed the second test," Miss Tanya congratulated us, as Kiana removed our blindfolds. "Now for the third and final test," she finished as she stepped back and looked at all three of us. Naked, on all fours, our asses tightly plugged. 

 As I trembled, trying my best not to groan in discomfort while listening to Audrey and Sarah whimper a thought occured to me. The first test was the nipple clamps. The second test was the current ass plugging. What did that make having us strip and 69? Looking up at Tanya I realized she was just enjoying having naked young girls do what she said. Our 69 session was just for her pleasure. Purely to turn her and her sorority on. I think I was falling in love just then. Ha. 

 "Pledges, crawl into the next room. There you will find the floor is covered in padding similar to the gymnasium. All three of you, get on your backs, side by side, and await your final test of the audition," Miss Tanya ordered us. All three of us began crawling to the door, the sisters clapping and urging us on. There we did find exactly what she said. And once there we did exactly what she said. I lay on my back, Audrey on one side and Sarah on the other. Just then one of the sisters stuck her head in the door and said, "No talking girls." 

 We waited nervously, our knees drawn up and on our backs. The plugs in our asses not the least bit comfortable. We didn't have long to wait. 

 With a swing of the door opening, in walked Miss Tanya. Completely naked except for a long, thick, and very well lubed cock strapped around her waist. She was accompanied by one other sister, I believe her name was Hanna, though we weren't yet introduced. I had seen her around campus now and again. Pretty but not spectacular, in a bookish blonde sort of way. She stayed dressed. 

 "Now pledges, this is the final test. It's called simply desire. You passed devotion, you passed discovery, and now what I desire is to fuck each one of you. Starting with you," she said, pointing at Sarah. As she said this, Hanna walked around and kneeled by Sarah's pretty blonde head. Just then it occurred to me that with our asses plugged, what was going to happen was going to be a good double penetration. At least she wasn't having us gang banged. Yet. 

 Hanna took Sarah's hands and pulled them up, pinning her wrists down over her head. Sarah whimpered but to her credit, didn't object. Saying nothing in defiance as Miss Tanya kneeled between her legs. Holding her ankles and pulling them up and apart. I held my breath as I glanced down to see Miss Tanya rubbing the tip of the strapon cock up and down Sarah's bald pussy lips. Then, with a single slow push, the cock disappeared. Sarah gasped and moaned as she took the entire length. It must've been at least an eight inch dildo, thick as my wrist. I was impressed. 

 Sarah began to moan as Miss Tanya started her thrusts. I looked over at Audrey and saw her eyes closed. Her breath coming short. I looked closer and saw her body trembling. Sarah's squeals filled the room as Hanna kept her wrists pinned and Miss Tanya kept her ankles up. The cock pumping her good now, bodies slapping. Miss Tanya urging her to take it. Then it stopped. 

 As Miss Tanya pulled it out, she let Sarah bring her legs down. "Mmmm, you have a nice pussy pledge, I'll be having more of that if you make it through your initiation," she said. Sarah merely nodded and said, "Thank you Miss Tanya, I want to be a Delta sister." Talk about programming the mind. 

 "You're next," Miss Tanya told Audrey, as her and Hanna skipped over me and moved to Audrey. My best friend Audrey. The little blonde vixen, the sex on legs Audrey. As it turned out, it was all just an image, and Audrey was just a little cocktease around campus. Miss Tanya brought the truth out of her that day, during the final test of her audition. 

 As Hanna gripped Audrey's wrists and pinned them, Miss Tanya took her position between her thighs and pushed her ankles apart, holding them tight. That's when it started. 

 "Wait, wait please..please. Wait. Stop," Audrey started to plead. "I..I can't do this. Stop. Please Miss Tanya. Please," she kept on begging. Miss Tanya let the tip of the cock just push against Audrey's slit. 

 "What's wrong pledge? You don't want to be a Delta sister?" Miss Tanya asked with a grin as she pushed just the tip of the cock in. "I do, please Miss Tanya, but, I've never umm, I mean I haven't erm, I'm like a umm," Audrey stuttered. Sarah giggled a bit and it became clear to all of us in that instant. My best friend and the cutest blonde in the house just then, was a virgin! 

 Hanna kept Audrey's wrists pinned as she whimpered and Miss Tanya smiled. Pushing a second inch into Audrey's tight little snatch. Holding her ankles tightly and keeping them up and out. Just like some typical cheerleader. On her back with her legs spread. 

 "Last chance pledge, do you want to be a sister?" Tanya asked again. Keeping just the very end of the cock in Audrey's pussy. "Yes..or..no?" Tanya asked. Her hips moving just slightly, pumping the tip, then pumping the first inch or two as she questioned Audrey. I bit my lip and hoped Audrey was ready. 

 "Well, yes but unghhh!" came the reply. As Audrey answered yes, Miss Tanya heard all she needed and gave a hard thrust. Plunging the cock in and breaking my best friend's cherry with one stab, making Audrey squeal and groan. Sarah giggled again, the twat. 

 Miss Tanya wasn't a total bitch about it though, like I might have been. Keeping the length of the cock inside Audrey, she leaned down and kissed her softly. I heard Miss Tanya whisper, "You never forget your first time Audrey." Using her name, kissing her softly as she started slowly fucking her. 

 Audrey was sobbing a bit, moaning a bit, as Miss Tanya slowly fucked her. Gently. Making love to her. Just for a few minutes. So sweet. If Audrey wasn't already in pain from the butt plug she surely was now. As quickly as it began it was over. Miss Tanya pulling the thick cock out and kissing Audrey one more time. "Rest a bit pledge, you did good," she told her. Kissing her once again and wiping Audrey's tears. 

 Then it was my turn. Audrey curled up a bit and Sarah turned to her side to watch as Hanna and Miss Tanya moved to the middle. To me. "Saved the best for last," Miss Tanya giggled as Hanna held my wrists and pinned them over my head. Before Miss Tanya could grab my ankles however, I put them on her shoulders and lifted my hips. "Fuck me, fuck me like one of the Delta girls Miss Tanya," I said, loudly. 

 "My pleasure bitch," Miss Tanya said as she lined the cock up with my cunt and drove forward. Plunging it into me deep and hard in one go. With a squeal and a gasp I yanked my wrists from Hanna. Her weak grip unable to keep me pinned. She slid back a bit and watched as I gripped Miss Tanya by the shoulders and actually started fucking her back. My ankles on her shoulders and my hands gripping right next to them. I was quite the tight little fuck package as I held onto Miss Tanya and bounced my pussy on her cock, almost violently. She sneered and dug her nails in my tits and we both gasped and moaned. I believe even Audrey was watching with wide eyes by now. 

 As Sarah, Audrey, and Hanna watched, I threw my body and Miss Tanya's, flipping us and rolling over. Sarah quickly making room for us. Suddenly I was on top, with Miss Tanya under me. I held her shoulders down and started to bounce. Fucking her. Riding her cock like some depraved cowgirl. Each bounce emphasized by my squealing voice. "I..want..to..be..a..Delta..sister!". 

 I repeated those words. Each word accompanied by my body slamming down on Miss Tanya. Each word forced out with a gasp by her cock plunging up into my pussy. Enjoying the feel of the thick plug in my ass and the thick cock I was riding. At long last I leaned down and kissed Miss Tanya passionately, our tounges swirling together. Both of us breathless and panting, glistening with sweat as I stopped and slid off her cock. Kneeling between her thighs I leaned down and sucked it clean. Tasting myself, Sarah, and Audrey's virginal flavor. 

 That was when all of them started clapping for my performance. I smiled and bit my lip. Miss Tanya smiled at me and I knew I was in, no matter what the next few days would hold in store. 

 As it turned out, we had one more test that night. The final exam if you will. As Miss Tanya stood up on shaky legs and took off the strapon cock, she explained. 

 "First of all girls, you have done a great job tonight. Especially you," she said, pointing at Audrey. "Now as you will please, remove your plugs and hand them to the sister." 

 The three of us were all sighs of relief and groans of discomfort as we unplugged our asses and handed the evil things to Hanna. She collected them in a towel and left the room. 

 "I, unfortunately, have some bad news. I regret to inform you pledges that we only have slots available for two new sisters, and obviously there are three of you in the running." We all looked up at her in disbelief. She could've mentioned this before taking Audreys cherry? 

 "Get on your knees pledges, your final test and the deciding factor will commence shortly," she told us. "I suggest you catch your breath and prepare yourselves." With that she left the room. 

 We looked at each other, looking around the plain room, the walls painted pink and the matting on the floor white. I asked Audrey if she was okay and she quietly nodded yes. Sarah talked about needing a cigarette and I rubbed my sore nipples. 

 The door opened and as we all looked up, Miss Tanya entered. Dressed once again. Followed by Hanna, Kiana, and Taylor. The three sisters only wearing panties and a grin. Hanna and Taylor were cute with big breasts and Kiana was of some Asian persuasion. Her breasts perky, if somewhat on the small side. As they all stood in front of us giggling, Miss Tanya stepped forward. 

 "Now as I've explained," she said. "There is only room in the Delta Kappa Phi house for two of you. One of you will be leaving, but no worries. Since you all did so well during the tests the odd girl out will be free to rush any other sorority should she choose to do so." 

 We all looked at each other in trepidation, nervous about the final test. Well not me anyways. I knew I was as good as in. I hoped Audrey would make it too. After all, she made the biggest sacrifice. 

 "For the deciding factor, we're going to have a little contest," Miss Tanya explained. "Girls," she said, and the three sisters slipped their panties down and off. Suddenly we were looking at three landing strips. I smiled as I saw none of them were natural blondes. Or in Taylor's case, her strip was actually red, and for some reason she went brunette up top. Interesting. 

 As Kiana lay down in front of Audrey, Hanna got down in front of Sarah. That left the smirking Taylor to sit, then lay back in front of me. I already didn't like her, and promised myself I would make her a special project in the future. 

 "Now ladies, if you're not already bisexual, you will be after today. Whether or not you're a bisexual Delta sister will remain to be seen," Miss Tanya began. "Now, this contest decides which two of you may stay for initiation, and who will be leaving," she continued. "The rules are simple. You will eat the pussy in front of you, and the first two to bring her girl to orgasm stay. The other, well, I think you know the rest," Miss Tanya finished. "Begin." 

 Not wasting any time I quickly got down, pushing Taylor's supple and soft thighs apart and kissing her pussy all over. Licking it. Lapping at it. Her gasps came quickly and her hips began to buck and grind. The soft moans I heard next to me told me the other girls were doing their best to compete. 

 I felt Taylor's nails dig into my shoulders, then her hands gripping my hair. My tounge pressed deep into her, pressing flat against her inner lips and swirling around. Just for fun, I wet two fingers in my mouth and slid them into her as I sucked and nibbled on her clit. Her high pitched squeals music to my ears. 

 Beyond my comprehension, I heard a girl squealing, screaming, "I'm coming, holy fuck I'm coming!" Quickly I started finger fucking Taylor hard, curling my digits up to rub her g-spot with each plunge in. My mouth locked tightly on her clit, sucking it hard enough to pull it from her body a good inch or two. Her hands in my hair tightened their grip into two clenching fists and her entire body stiffened. She held her breath for an eternity then moaned long and loud. Her pussy giving my chin one good squirt of girly cum as she orgasmed hard and fast. 

 As she came down from her orgasm, I licked her clit softly over and over again, making her wince from the sensitivity. My fingers almost had to struggle to slip out of her tightly clenching pussy. I sat up, wiped my chin, and looked over to see Sarah and Hanna making out. Sarah on top of the cute bookworm blonde. Looking past them to my best friend Audrey, I saw her wiping her mouth. Kiana sitting up, clearly disappointed. I realized then that Audrey had failed, and would not be a Delta sister. I almost felt bad for her. 

 "So it's decided then," said Miss Tanya. As she walked over to Audrey, she held her hand and assisted her in getting up. "I'm sorry Audrey, you're always welcome to visit but your time here as a pledge is over." I watched as Miss Tanya walked her out. The sounds of Sarah and Hanna kissing loud in the now quiet room. Looking down at Taylor I figured, why not, and went back down to sucking that sweet pussy. 

 That's how I became a Delta Kappa Phi sister. The rest of the week was filled with sex, stripping and flashing, blow jobs and pussy sucking, and of course Sarah and I were gang banged by the Epsilon Chi fraternity as our final initiation. I'm not really sure if we were joining a sorority or in training to be whores. At the end of that week we were not only sorority sisters, but quite well trained sluts. 

 Needless to say I didn't see much of Audrey after that. She was pretty upset about Tanya popping her cherry and still not making it into the Delta house. That it was all her idea and she made that decision didn't seem to cross her mind. More's the pity I suppose. I did manage to get into her panties once, later that semester, but that's another story for another time. 

 Of course it goes without saying that by the next year, I was president of the Delta house. Keeping the traditions alive and such. 

 And of course, the lovely little Taylor did become a special project of mine. And she still is. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 14 ****** bysubslutjenna© I hope you've enjoyed me so far. 

 Remember it's free and fantasy. 

 All coincidental characters are made up. 

 Thank you for commenting and voting. 

 XOXO 

 ***** 

 After Jerome finished with me we dropped him off at Rebecca's place. I stayed on the floor of the limo, while his cum dried on my pretty face. A strand of it stuck in my blonde hair. I'm sure I looked a mess. Mistress Jane propped her feet up on my body, using me as an ottoman as she sipped champagne. Her heels digging into my ribs keeping me awake. 

 "You did a good job little miss big tits," she said, as the car rolled through town. "However, you're going to need a lot of work. A man should feel like he's fucking the shit out of you, every time. When he's inside you he needs to feel like a god. Like his cock is the biggest and best you've ever had inside you. More moans, more squeals. Put effort into it." 

 I lay on my side, knees pulled up with cum drying in my hair as she lectured me. My wrists stiff from being tied. I thought about home, church. Whimpered a bit and wondered about my sisters. If this would happen to them. Mistress dug her heels in my ribs a bit and chuckled at my whimper of pain. 

 Then, of course she could read my mind. Why wouldn't she. "You're thinking about what I said little miss big tits?" she asked. "About your sisters? Don't lie to me," she told me as she dug her heel in again. 

 "Oww, yes Mistress," I replied honestly. My eyes closed. We rode on in silence for a bit. I think she wanted the suspense to build. Or maybe she wanted me to think she would leave them alone. I had known her for only a few days, but I already knew she wasn't one to make idle comments. 

 "Yes well, pet, you're going to be happy to see them soon," she said. Digging her heel in my ribs again. Making me squirm and whimper. "Won't you little miss big tits?" she asked chuckling her wicked little chuckle. 

 "Yes Mistress," I said. All the while trying to ignore the pain of her high heel and thinking of how I was going to warn or save my sisters. Both of them. As I lay whimpering Mistress dug her heels in a little more then giggled. About to drop a bit of a bombshell on me. 

 "You do remember I've been through all your personal things, right little miss big tits?" she asked. "Every detail, nothing is hidden from me now," she said, her little chuckle making me tremble. 

 "Yes Mistress," I replied, trying to hold my tears back. She did know everything, I can't deny that. It was part of her hold on me. The possibilities of what she could do to me. The videos. The pictures. My new website. Mistress Jane knew I would do anything to avoid having everyone I know see what I've been doing lately. 

 The car pulled to a slow stop and Mistress bent down. As she untied my wrists she told me, "Sit up pet. Get on your knees and hands behind your back." I got up and got into position as ordered. My eyes down and my naked body trembling. Jerome's cum had long since dried on my face and just at that moment I would've actually loved to perform a shower show, just to get cleaned up. 

 With a smile, Mistress pulled out a bag from a compartment next to her. I couldn't help but wonder if she was going to pull a rabbit out of a hat next as she tossed it on the floor of the car in front of me. "Put some clothes on you shameless whore," she said giggling. "You will find some wetnaps in there, and makeup. Fix yourself up, and brush out your hair," she instructed. 

 As I opened the bag and started doing what she said, she poured herself another champagne and watched me. I wondered what she was thinking and decided I really didn't want to know. 

 "Remember little miss big tits, Jerome will love turning you out but if you're good, I might keep you for myself," she said. I only nodded yes as I cleaned my sticky face. Ironic wasn't it? Her talking about Jerome as I wiped him off my lips. 

 "Which would you prefer, being his whore or my toy?" she asked, looking down at me. I looked up at her, thinking about that choice. It was really no choice at all. "I would love to be your toy Mistress," I said. 

 "Fabulous pet," she said with a smile. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months earlier... 

 So the big day approaches. My impending nuptials. The day I marry my love, Finley Anders. Honestly it hasn't exactly been the most pressing thing on my mind. It's horrible to think most girls are so involved and so stressed about their wedding day, and all I can think of lately is how many men have been having me. Every night. 

 True to her word Mistress Jane has been, for lack of a better word, pimping me out. Nearly every night. At least I'm high end. The men who visit my site and pay for a night with me pay well, and I get to dress the part. Wearing elegant gowns, expensive heels, lovely lingerie. Out in the finest clothes and jewelry before I'm stripped and made to do unspeakable things. 

 My dear fiancee Finley thinks I've been working long hours and in a way I have been. After a few nights in the brothel, with Jerome having me before I started working, the place was shut down. Jerome taken away. I guess I won't be seeing him for a while. I do kind of miss him. In a way. 

 And true to my word, I've been finding new girls for Mistress Jane. The first was a cute blonde I met at the mall. She made me a latte every morning, for almost a year before all this happened. Mocha latte with just a splash of mint. Just how I like it. Her name was Carli. I invited her to my place and that's where she met Mistress Jane. Haven't seen her but one time since, and the mint I tasted then was as I sucked her tounge. I think she's in Asia now, making movies. Poor girl. 

 Then I found Melinda. She was a rather large breasted blonde working as a temp for me. She couldn't type worth a dime, and constantly forgot to give me my messages. I feel a little guilty for taking pleasure in handing her ditzy blonde ass to Mistress Jane, but she definitely sucks cock better then she types. I last saw her on her knees in an adult bookstore working the glory hole in one of the booths. I don't think she enjoyed it, but better her than me. Right? 

 Anyways, like I said, my wedding day fast approaching and somehow I've managed to keep all this a secret from my fiancee. Mistress says she has something special planned for me, on my wedding night, and it is with no small trepidation that I await her surprise. 

 Shes on her way to see me now, and as I understand it she's picked out my wedding dress. My bridal lingerie. Even down to my heels. I think this should be interesting but I'm a little nervous about what she has planned for today. I'm freshly shaven and showered, completely bald from the neck down and on my knees in front of my own front door. 

 I think I hear a car pulling up... 

 After cleaning my face up and fixing my makeup, I started to brush my hair out. Trying my best to brush out the mess Jerome left. Mistress just delighted as she watched, the clumps of dried cum sticking to the hairbrush. 

 "Remind me to punish you later for not swallowing it all like a good girl should," she told me. Yeah, like I was going to remind her to make me suffer. Whatever. I almost said whatever out loud and coughed a bit as I caught myself. It seems she knew exactly what that cough meant. 

 "I see you need to be punished right now then little miss big tits," she said. "Give me the hairbrush and get on all fours." I handed her the brush with a pout and got up on my hands and knees. This little joyride was turning into quite the adventure but it seems Mistress didn't believe in doing anything without some big kinky production. 

 Naked and collared, my blonde hair and my big tits hanging down, I was on my hands and knees in front of her. Mistress giggled and ran her nails over my back. Making me tremble. "I'm sorry Mistress," was all I could think to say. Like that would make a difference. It was becoming clear to me that she would never show any mercy or compassion when it came to having her own way. 

 "Oh it's quite alright little miss big tits," she said softly, as her hand reached my neck. Her fingers wrapping my long blonde tresses in her fist tightly. With a jerk she yanked my head back and held it there. Making my spine arch and bend like some sort of science demonstration of how the vertebrae can be flexible in the right hands. 

 Rubbing the flat part of the hairbrush over my tight pert buttocks, I expected a searing series of sexually sadistic swats suddenly sending my silly squeals south for Satan's smiling satisfaction. However it was not to be. 

 With a flick of her wrist Mistress flipped the hairbrush over. The rough end. The proverbial brush with disaster as it were. "Spread your thighs pet," she ordered. I whimpered and opened my soft supple thighs. "This may hurt a bit, but remember you brought this on yourself bitch," she told me sternly. 

 Then, as I screamed and begged for her to forgive me, she held my hair tightly and started to rub the hard sharp bristles of the hairbrush all over my bald slit in a fast circular motion. It was so incredibly painful all I could do was scream and beg for her to stop. For five minutes I begged her to stop. Screaming. Did I mention I screamed and begged? 

 At this moment let's take a minute to think about what's happened. I've barely eaten. Barely slept. And I've been subjected to hours and hours of cruel sexual torture by this sadist. Been fucked and beaten and I've taken time to think about how she's blackmailed me into all of this. Yes I do look back now, and it seems obvious her technique for breaking girls to her will is nearly perfect. The first few days and weeks are the most important I believe. And so far her method is working on me like a charm. So where were we? Oh yes, my mind has receded in on itself to cope with my punishment. 

 Finally after what seemed to be all eternity she stopped. I was sobbing as she released my hair and I let my head drop. Dropped like a stone to the bottom of a very dark lake it did. So it was that I was head down, ass up, my pussy raw and in agony and my breath coming in gulps when Mistress asked the first question. 

 "Is there anyone you don't like in particular little miss big tits? Someone you would hate to have see you naked or you would never dream of fucking?" she asked. I turned my head, took a deep breath and answered. 

 "Yes Mistress, his name is Bradley," I managed to say. At this point I would've answered any question honestly to avoid more punishment. I felt like she would see through any lie, any subterfuge. 

 "Bradley, good pet, I appreciate your honesty," she said. Punctuated with a smack of the flat side of the hairbrush on my ass. That one made me gasp. "Now, on your knees and hold those lovely tits up for me," she ordered. I slowly and gingerly got up on my knees, my sore pussy telling me to take care and be gentle now. I listened to the advice and tenderly assumed position. 

 "And where do we find this Bradley?" she asked. Before I could answer she smacked each breast once with the hairbrush, making me squeal. My nipples stiffened without asking me if they should and I felt a little betrayed by my own big tits. 

 More than one girl will tell you about her breasts. How they should be bigger or smaller or not sag so much or not be so perky. The truth is, I always thought mine were perfect. Hello titties if you will. I think the majority of men I've ever talked to couldn't remember my blue eyes or my pretty smile, but I'm sure they all remember my creamy big tits. 

 As they turned red I answered Mistress. "I..I used to work part time as a waitress Mistress. He was a pervy cook and he was always sexually harassing me. Pressuring me for sex and asking me for dates. I hated it, I hated him Mistress," I explained as she smiled down at me. 

 "Good pet, I love your honesty," she said, smacking each breast again. Making me gasp and squeal. My boobs turning a bright pink now and in the contest with my pussy for queen of pain. "Starting next week little miss big tits, you will go back to work there, and we shall have some fun." 

 "Yes Mistress," I answered, already dreading what she had in mind. Keeping my breasts held up, holding them for her, she ordered, "Give your nipples a quick kiss and suck pet." Lifting my breasts, I kissed each swollen pink nipple, giving them each a suck with a slight whimper. 

 After another smack on each breast, Mistress Jane explained what I did wrong. "Pet, when you suck your own tits, you must act like it's nearly making you cum," she lectured. "Moan, and suck them like you're in love with them," she said, as she smacked each breast again. 

 "Yes Mistress," I gasped. Squirming and in agony now. Her grin cruel as she bit her lip and gave each breast five smacks. Five. Each one making me scream again. Just when she finished she ordered, "Pet, use your nipples to pull your tits up and out." 

 I sobbed and gripped my pink nipples, tugging my big breasts out and up. Exposing the underside of each mammary. I watched her take an underhand grip on the brush and knew what was coming next. 

 Before the first hits on the undersides of my uplifted boobs came Mistress asked the question I had been dreading. 

 "Which sister do you want to see first little miss big tits?" 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months earlier... 

 As I made myself ready, taking a deep breath, I could hear car doors closing. I sighed and hoped it wouldn't be too bad this time. Hoped she would be alone. I could hear high heels coming up the walk. I thought maybe only one set of heels but realized that didn't mean anything. It wouldn't surprise me at all for her to be bringing two girls naked and on leashes up to my house. Nothing she did would surprise me anymore. 

 Hearing the key in the lock, Mistress had long since gone through everything in my house, I lowered my eyes and took a deep breath. Her instructions on how I was to greet her every time she came over quite clear. She stepped in and stood in front of me. 

 I think she wanted me like this, kneeling naked in my own home, to reinforce my submission. Put me in my place. Serving her in my own home as if I was her maid was a symbol of being her owned sex toy. She didn't require this sort of greeting anywhere but in my own home. I'm just glad she never came over while my dear Finley was here. 

 With my eyes down all I could see was her shiny black high heels. I knew already what was expected. My instructions were quite clear. 

 "Welcome to my home Mistress," I said quietly. "How may I please you?" I finished. As I said that I bowed down onto my forearms and started licking and kissing her heels. My tounge running over them and over her feet. Not being allowed to do anything else, even to look up until she said, she could've been naked for all I knew. But this was what I was instructed to do. 

 Kissing her feet, my tounge cleaning her high heels, I kept my head down. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed another person walk up. Standing next to us as I lifted each heel gently, my head on the floor as I sucked each stiletto like a slender cock. Blushing at my nakedness and not knowing who else was in my house watching my debasement. 

 Mistress finally spoke up, saying, "You may stop and look up now precious, on your knees." I swallowed the taste of her heels and sat up, on my knees. As I looked up I saw for the first time, it wasn't Mistress wearing heels. She was the one standing aside and watching. Wearing sneakers and a tracksuit. 

 Looking up I saw it was that girl Chloe, blonde and cute wearing a strappy black dress and heels. Her chest pushed out, breasts large and firm. She smiled sweetly down at me and waved as I blushed. To this day I don't know how it was I didn't recognize the feet I was kissing and licking for not belonging to Mistress Jane. Maybe just nerves I suppose. 

 "You remember Chloe precious?" Mistress asked. "The girl from the video you saw the first time Bill Shockley fucked you," she reminded me. Like I could forget that. Bill had fucked me several times since, in his office. Not to mention how many blowjobs he had received from my willing mouth. His sperm was the foulest tasting I had ever swallowed. But anyways here was the cute Chloe. So dainty I couldn't imagine how her frame supported those big tits. 

 "Chloe here works for me now," Mistress said as she put her hand on Chloe's ass. "Her college degree made a good liner for one of my birdcages, didn't it Chloe?" 

 "Yes Mistress, that's all it was good for," Chloe answered with a smile, still looking down at me. I looked up into her eyes and wondered what exactly she did now. I didn't have to ask really, it was obvious she was a porn star I suppose. 

 

 "Chloe, be a doll and go set up the bedroom please," Mistress told her. "Becca, on all fours now," she ordered me. Chloe gathered some cases and wheeled them away as I got on my hands and knees. 

 "Can you believe Chloe was an MBA pet?" Mistress asked me rhetorically as she moved down beside me. "She was actually a rising star in the very firm you work for now. She was on track to be your boss," Mistress giggled. "Now she has a career making films for me. I think she's actually happier this way." 

 Kneeling beside me, as I was on all fours with my tits swaying under me, Mistress held a pink leather collar in front of my eyes. "It's time precious, to collar you. The pink signifies your position as blowjob queen," she told me as she put the collar around my neck. Locking it on. I wondered how I would explain it to my fiancee as I trembled. 

 "I must say precious, you've taken quite nicely to sucking cock, almost as if you were born to it. What am I saying, of course you were born to suck cock," she giggled as she stood up and attatched a leash to my new collar. 

 I only whimpered and said, "Thank you Mistress," as she complimented my dick sucking skills. Most of my clients usually popped in my mouth before ever getting into my pussy or ass, as the case may have been. I took it well, and that usually also meant they were able to fuck me longer afterwards. Getting the money's worth I suppose. 

 Mistress tugged my leash and lead me to the stairs, crawling after her. As we climbed up, I could only imagine what was in store for me. The discovery of my fate was a shock to me, and one I can only live with now... 

 Whimpering, I thought about the question. My dearest sisters, good girls, would not want this to happen to them. But I also knew that with or without me, Mistress Jane was going to have her way. That left me to decide what to say, as I held my breasts up by my nipples. 

 I must've thought about it too long because I quickly received two hard smacks on the underside of each boob. Making me squeal in pain again. My body was actually beginning to anticipate abuse now, and my mind was beginning to accept it. That really didn't take long. 

 Without thinking, I blurted out the name Ashley. My sister Ashley. Twenty three, married, blonde and busty like me. If a bit more curvy, not as toned. Not as pretty if I say so myself. I thought maybe, just maybe she could avoid being lured into this like I was. Maybe. 

 "Good girl!" Mistress exclaimed with a giggle, before smacking the bottoms of my upturned breasts at least five times each. I lost count what with all my yelping like a beaten dog. 

 Sitting back and crossing her legs, Mistress put down the hairbrush. As I wiped my tears she sneered down at me. Kicking the bag towards me, she simply said, "Get dressed slut." Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 14 ****** bysubslutjenna© I opened the bag and found all it contained for clothes consisted of a tiny green dress and some shiny black heels. Very high heels. At least four inch stilettos. As I slipped the dress over my head and wiggled into it, Mistress began to speak. 

 "Here's something you may not know little miss big tits," she began. I struggled to adjust the dress as tight as it was and what with me kneeling and all. "That other sister of yours, the cheerleader? She's a closet lesbian. Never been with a man, and still a virgin," she explained. I hid my shock at the extent of her knowledge. But she wasn't finished. "Her doctor is a dear old friend of mine you see, and believe it or not I've already seen her naked. She's even more fit then you," she explained as I slipped on the heels. 

 "Yes Haylee will be a fun project, but since you picked Ashley I guess I will have to enjoy her first. But don't worry, I intend to have all of you," Mistress Jane said as I pouted quietly. How she managed to see Haylee naked was a question I would wait to ask. Quite honestly I wasn't sure I wanted to know. 

 "Now pet, off you go, we're here," Mistress said. Somewhere in all of this fun I had stopped paying attention and the car was stopped with the door open. Looking out in disbelief I saw my apartment complex. Home. I never thought I'd see it again. 

 "Oh by the way little miss big tits, your clothes are all gone. Replaced with things more suited to your slutty nature," Mistress Jane said as I got ready to get out. "Also, you'll find a laptop and several cameras have been installed. In your bedroom, your shower, kitchen and such. They remain on at all times to record your edging sessions and stuff. Understand?" she asked. 

 "Yes Mistress," I quietly responded. My heart sinking. I knew now I'd get no privacy or even a moment alone. 

 "And pet, keep that phone close," she continued. "You answer when I call no matter what. Tomorrow you apply for your old waitress job and you will get it if you have to suck the manager's cock. In addition little miss big tits, your office job is over, you work for me now. Don't go back there." 

 I merely nodded, my eyes down submissively as she spelled everything out. For the brief instant it took to nod, I considered running. I thought of it just a bit before she stopped that train. 

 "Remember little miss big tits, you displease me in any way, and everyone you know gets a free vip membership to your website. Your family, your church, even your yoga class. Everyone. Understood?" she asked at the end. 

 "Yes Mistress," I replied. Then she held my chin up, looked in my eyes, and kissed me passionately. Her tounge swirling against mine as she kissed me hard and deep. "Go on then pet," she said. And I did just that, getting out of the car and walking away. 

 As I wiped her wet kiss off my lips, tasting her lipstick, just for the space of a hummingbird wing flapping one time, I almost smiled. 

 Almost. 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 15 ****** bysubslutjenna© This is work of fiction. It's free. 

 Everyone is entirely made up and coincidence in real life is just that. 

 Don't forget to comment and vote. 

 Hope you enjoy. 

 Mmmmmwah xoxo. 

 ***** 

 As I got to my front door, I realized I didn't have my purse. My keys. Nothing but the barely a dress I was wearing and the heels. Looking at the door I almost couldn't believe I was here. Despite everything else, I was home. My comfy apartment. Even if I didn't have the key to get in. 

 On a whim I took a chance and turned the knob. It opened so easily it took me by surprise. I just looked in and breathed. The familiar smells of my old life coming back to me. My place. My apartment. Not too much of a home but home none the less. Taking another deep breath I stepped inside. I actually felt like a stranger here now, my life had been turned upside down so hard. 

 Looking around I noticed very very subtle changes in the front room. It's a small place and things don't change unnoticed. First was the camera. One pointed at the sofa and another to the tiny kitchen. Small cameras you wouldn't even notice if you weren't looking for them like I was. Then I saw my purse on the counter. My actual purse. 

 Going to the counter I opened my purse slowly. Half expecting it to be empty. It wasn't. But what was inside wasn't what I remembered. Condoms, a few morning after pills, lube, and a single pink vibrator with a bow tied on it. A gift from Mistress I assumed. How sweet and thoughtful. 

 And there, under it all, my phone. I picked it up and found it completely wiped except for one unknown number. Mistress Jane's number I'm sure. Putting everything back in my purse I looked over the rest of the place. Sure enough there were cameras here and there and everywhere. The bedroom had three, covering every corner and angle. One small consolation, in the bathroom was a new collection of the high dollar cosmetics, oils, lotions and soaps Mistress favoured. Nice. 

 I looked at the laptop but decided against opening any folders or files for now. Time enough for that later. Right now, I wanted a shower. In my own shower. I didn't even care about the camera as I turned the water on and got naked. Well, naked except for my collar of course. Once more I let the warm water wash away some of my shame, some of my guilt. 

 Since I was in the shower, and my showers now had to be sexual, I decided I might as well do an edging session. So after I was all clean I got dirty. Lathering myself up and paying close attention to my breasts, I knew I must look hot to anyone watching. I glanced at the camera as I put one foot up on the tub. Running my fingers over my soapy bald slit and rubbing my tits with my other hand. 

 Biting my lip I actually felt charged up sexually. The events of the past few days had taken a toll, and I was ready for an orgasm. So ready. As I pinched my nipples with my fingers, my clit was swelling up under my other fingers. I kept up a slow circular motion, softly moaning as I did. I knew I wouldn't last long, but that was the point. To know when to stop. When I did stop, I was trembling. I glared at the camera, hoping Mistress Jane was watching as I slid my middle finger inside me. Secretly giving her the finger. Go me. 

 Stepping from the shower, steamy and wet, I was trembling. My body so teased over the last few days, and the fucking I got from Jerome, had left me in a bit of a state. I knew that's what Mistress wanted. For me to be frustrated, horny, and craving release. Well that's the state I was in. Wrapping a towel around me I went into my bedroom. Noticing the laptop was now active and lit up I went to it. The login screen was up, but there was no password line. Just a pair of lips that read "Kiss me." So I clicked them. 

 The home page opened up. My new website. Lovely. The same lips with the same caption right in front. Clicking again I was in. I secretly hoped that if nothing else, it wasn't so easy for other people to log on. Looking at the members list I smiled. Two members. My name and Mistress Jane's. She was online too. 

 Looking at the links I saw Rebecca's site on the friends list. Funny thing about that. Least I wasn't the only one being used like this. Little did I know. Then the contents. The usual stuff I guessed. How to join, payment options and such. Looking at it I clicked on the gallery section. And there it all was. 

 I gasped in horror... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months earlier... 

 As my bedroom door swung open, I looked in, from where I was on all fours, collared and leashed. Newly collared. Chloe had set up some cameras and was holding one herself. Pointed directly at me. I looked up at her and she smiled and waved with her fingertips. Not knowing what else to do I only smiled weakly. 

 Mistress tugged my leash saying, "Up on the bed precious, on your back. A position I'm sure you've become quite familiar with." This brought a giggle from Chloe. I was already starting to not like the blonde. That notwithstanding, onto the bed I went. As I got up, I noticed a rope tied to each bedpost. No surprise. 

 Laying on my back, I watched as Mistress Jane circled the bed, while Chloe worked her camera. Tying each of my wrists and ankles to the bedposts, Mistress hummed some song that almost sounded familiar. Spreading my body wide. I tried to wiggle and found I couldn't. Not even a little. Part of me wondered where a woman learned such skills, part of me didn't want to know. The biggest part of me was in a bit of shock, as for the first time, Mistress Jane began to strip. Completely. 

 My eyes wide as her body became exposed. She wasn't wearing a bra or panties so when the tracksuit came off, there she was in all her glory. She looked at me and smiled, her big breasts actually perfectly shaped and quite more than a handful. Chloe set down her camera and came to me, pausing to pick out a nice red ball gag. "Open up," she told me, and as I did she stuffed my mouth full. I lifted my professionally bobbed blonde head and she strapped it on tight. Her tits in her dress rubbing my face as she leaned over me. 

 When she was done and moved back, Mistress Jane was standing at the end of the bed. Smirking. As I watched she was pouring lube all over a thick strapon she had donned. Lots of lube. The amount of lube one uses for a good long assfucking. Mentally I tried to prepare myself. Tried to relax. 

 In my time as an escort working for her, and the few days I worked in her brothel, I would guess about half of the men wanted anal. Of course they got it, so I had become a bit accustomed to having a cock in my ass. But none as thick as the one Mistress was sporting now. Or as long. Or as black. I was thinking that maybe, just maybe, this might hurt a bit. 

 Without a word, and as Chloe recorded, Mistress Jane mounted me. I was helpless but almost by reflex my legs pulled their bonds. Trying to lift and wrap around her. To no avail but it told my mind I was already trained to be a good whore. I blushed in shame at the epiphany. Her body on top of mine, her big tits smashed into my own large breasts. As she reached down, she slid the well lubed cock effortlessly into my pussy. All the way in, in one slow push. My back arched a bit and I gasped into my ball gag. Looking in my eyes, Mistress smiled and started to pump. Thrusting the monster strapon into me deep. Her hands on the bed next to my ears, her breath teasing my bobbed blonde hair. 

 She picked up the pace a bit, fucking me faster. Her body slapped against me every time and Chloe captured all of it. My expressions, my moans, the cock disappearing into me with each thrust. 

 "I think this bitch is warmed up enough now Finley," Mistress said into the camera. "Watch and enjoy act two," she finished, as she slid her cock out of me. Reaching over, she grabbed the lube and poured a good amount all over the shaft again. Stroking it. My blue eyes looked up at her, with a pout, hoping she really wasn't making this video for my dear fiancee Finley. But I'd never put anything past her. 

 Chloe brought the camera in for a closeup, as Mistress put the thick lubed tip to my tight little hole. I closed my eyes and readied myself. "I understand your cock has never been in here Finley, well don't worry, she's had quite a few and will easily take yours in," she said into the camera. As she finished talking she pushed, and with just a small pop her shaft slid in all the way. I think I screamed into my gag as she went all in. The entire length of lubed strapon cock sliding up my ass slow and easy, just like the song says. 

 And this was only the beginning... 

 Looking at the gallery it was all there. Everything I had done up to this point. My initial photos. My naked yoga. Mistress training me for deepthroat. Even Jerome having me in the limo. Everything. As I watched a new icon blinked on with a sound of lips smacking. The shower I just took. Just now. Already on my site. She worked fast. 

 As I looked at this collection of what I had been up to, an email icon popped up. An email from Mistress Jane. I knew better then to not open it. The first line said, "Drop the towel bitch." So I did. Being naked didn't really bother me in my own bedroom, even with the cameras. 

 The next line read, "Good show little miss big tits, very sexual." That brought a small smile. As I read the email, an IM invitation popped up from her. Clicking on it opened a instant message window. 

 *Hello little miss big tits, I see your online now, and naked. Good.* 

 *Yes Mistress, and thank you for letting me come home.* 

 *Don't thank me yet pet, I have a task for you. Well, two tasks really. First, as soon as we're done, I want you on that bed, legs behind your head, for an edging session.* 

 *Yes Mistress, I will as soon as I log off.* 

 *Good pet, now your second task is a bit more involved. In your closet you'll find your new wardrobe, as well as several numbered boxes. Have you looked in there yet?* 

 *No Mistress, not yet.* 

 *Tonight, you will do your hair and makeup, then put on the outfit in box number four. When you're ready, go to a bar or club. I don't care how you get there. With me so far?* 

 *Yes Mistress, dress up and hit the bar. Does it matter what bar?* 

 *No little miss big tits. Any one will do. Your task there is to find and seduce a man. Bring him back to your apartment and let him fuck you. Two things. He must be at least twenty years older then you, and he must be married. Got it?* 

 With a whimper, I looked at the screen. There was no way I could cheat or fail or anything. She had cameras so I assumed, correctly I'm sure, that she would be watching. I slowly replied. 

 *Yes Mistress, I got it. You're quite clear in my task.* 

 *Good pet, remember, if you fail, your website will have a plethora of new vip members tomorrow. And you know who I mean. Now log off and go have fun, and remember, I will be watching.* 

 Looking at the screen, I logged off and went to the bed. To begin my first task back at my own home... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months earlier... 

 Once she got her cock in all the way, Mistress Jane looked into my eyes with a grin, and licked across my ball gag. With a whimper I realized she had let a good amount of spit run down the sides of the ball and into my mouth. I could only let it ooze into my throat. I barely had time to register it when she started ass fucking me. Slow and deep. Every thrust measured, while Chloe giggled and panned the camera up and down my tied, naked, and newly collared body. 

 I gasped and tugged my bonds but was helpless. Mistress pulling out almost all the way, then slowly pushing back in. Over and over again. It seemed almost gentle compared to the way my clients rammed my ass, but the thickness was new to me and I felt like I was being split in half. Not since the first black man Mistress had me take, have I felt so full. Then she mercilessly picked up the pace. Her hips pounding the cock into me. Driving relentlessly harder and harder. My tits bouncing and my breath once again coming in gasps. 

 By now, I was wondering if she would get tired. This was the first time Mistress Jane took me herself, and I was unaware of her level of stamina. She nailed me into the bed. Harder and longer than any man ever had, and she wasn't even out of breath. Chloe looked almost bored. 

 I looked in her eyes and Mistress Jane just smiled. She grabbed my hair and yanked my head saying, "You like this cock bitch?" I could only nod yes with her gripping my hair. My moans muffled as she continued pounding into my ass harder and deeper. Her own moans loud and clear, as she twisted my stiff pink nipples with savage glee. 

 At long last she slowed down, fucking my ass a bit less intensely. But still slow and deep. Running her nails over my breasts she pulled out. The lube making a sucking slurping sound as her cock left my tight little ass. My sphincter quivering as it closed back up. Moving up to rub her dirty cock all over my face while her and Chloe giggled. With a slap across my tits, actually a few hard slaps to my breasts, she got off me. 

 Smiling down at my helpless naked body, Mistress Jane took off her strapon. Then she looked at Chloe, and smiled. "I think this bitch is ready Chloe. Are you?" Mistress Jane asked. Chloe giggled again and nodded yes. I was beginning to hate that ditzy little giggle. Especially since I knew now the level of education and intelligence Chloe possessed. As it turns out, her devious little mind was quite as capable of sadism as Mistress Jane's. 

 Laying on my bed, I stretched a bit. Pulling my legs up and warming the muscles. Stretching my hamstrings and calves. I'm flexible enough that I could've probably jumped right into my task but, why risk the injury. Especially with a more difficult task later. I'm sure Mistress would be adamant about me completing it even with a torn hamstring or strained flexor. 

 Then, naked in my collar, I looked into the camera's unforgiving eye and lifted my left leg. Toes pointed, my toned and long leg easily went over my head. Taking a deep breath, I lifted my long flawless right leg. Over my head to join my left. Working it a bit, I locked my ankles together. Bent in half completely, my ankles locked behind my head, I became a tight little package. 

 All the years of flexibility training, being a cheerleader and gymnast, then yoga, made this position easy. My head down, I looked at my bald slit. Mistress wanted me to eventually lick myself there, and I could see that with just a bit of hard work, I would soon be able to. So I started my edging. 

 My hands reaching around my supple, folded thighs, I started rubbing my pussy. One hand using my fingers to open my folds and the fingers on my other hand rubbing my clit, in lazy circles. My time in the shower made me realize how eager my body was for an orgasm, so I thought I had better take my time. I can only imagine the punishment Mistress would deal out for cumming without permission. For cumming hard, squealing, and screaming in orgasm. Without permission. 

 In the position I was in, my moans came softly. My breathing measured and deep, as my fingers began to get wet. My juices lubricating their tips and making my slow masturbation so delicious. With a soft groan of pleasure my hips bucked, as much as they could in the position I was in. Just to try it, I strained my head down, sticking my tounge out. Just a few more inches and I would taste myself. Just a bit more. I would try harder as the days went by. 

 Then, using just the tip of my index finger, my pink painted nail shiny and wet, I rubbed my clit in fast tight circles. Once my body started tensing, and through my soft and high moans, I cursed. Using foul language I never use, I stopped. Right on the edge of orgasm. When I unlocked my ankles and brought my legs down I was almost in tears from horny frustration. Laying flat on my back, my body flushed and trembling, I looked up at the ceiling. 

 I almost wished Jerome was there. Almost. God what was I thinking. I had to stop and think for a minute. What was I thinking? Jerome. I had never been with a black man before, and here I was thinking about his cock. His long thick cock, plunging into me on the floor of that limousine was filling my head. Biting my lip I cursed Mistress Jane and got up to get cleaned up a bit before my next task. Maybe nibble on something, if there was anything in my fridge. 

 Stopping for a bit at the bathroom sink, I washed my hands and face, and tried to calm my beating heart. Thinking about things, I remembered that I didn't need to worry about cock. I would be getting some later, even if it was old man cock. Twenty years older at the very least. And married. I said a quick prayer for my soul as I looked at my reflection. How could I seduce a married man? How could I live with the guilt, and the shame? Then it occurred to me. It wasn't really my choice. Mistress was to blame, and if I refused I would be exposed as a whore and I couldn't let that happen. With that thought, I felt a little less guilty. 

 With a sigh and just a touch of relief I went to the refrigerator. Trying to remember if I had any food within. Maybe some yogurt or something. As I opened it I remembered Mistress Jane had been here, doing stuff. Of course she had. And why wouldn't she do stuff to my fridge. I almost giggled. Spermberries. Of course. In my fridge were several jars of cum. A note facing me saying, "Warm me up in the microwave first ;)" Along with the jars of sperm was a few small containers of strawberries. Of course. This time I did giggle. Spermberries. Well maybe I could get someone at the bar to buy me a snack later. Did I dare open the freezer? Let's see what fresh horrors Mistress had provided. 

 When I opened the freezer and looked inside I found several Popsicles. Nothing else. Just Popsicles. Taking one out I smiled. Of course. How could I not smile. Mistress Jane thought of everything. They weren't Popsicles. Well I suppose they were. In a way. I was holding a long frozen rod of cum. I giggled even harder. Spermsicles? I almost choked on my own tounge as I started laughing. Some small part of my brain argued that I must be going insane to laugh at this. The insanity of it all. . 

 That's when it all caught up to me and I let it out, by having a good girly cry... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months earlier... 

 Mistress Jane and Chloe, her pet porn star got on the bed aside my tied and spread body. The fucking Mistress had just tossed me still keeping my ass gaped wide open, and a fine sheen of glossy perspiration made me glow. My sexual sweat slowly and sweetly soaking into the bed I shared with my fiancee, the dearest Finley. 

 Chloe on one side and Mistress on the other, both smiling and looking over my naked and newly collared body. I looked from one to the other and saw only cruel mirth in both their eyes. With a sigh, I knew there was no getting out of my predicament. 

 "The nipples and clit?" Chloe asked. As she slipped on latex gloves and took out a bottle of the numbing lube, some swabs, and a long slender needle. "For now, yes," Mistress replied, as she tugged my pink nipples. Making them stiffen even more than they already were. "She can get the tattoos later, before her wedding," she continued, as she held my left breast and pulled my nipple out firmly. 

 As Mistress Jane smiled, Chloe started to use the numbing, oily lube on my stiff pink nipples. As I tried to look down, Mistress Jane moved up and straddled my face. Lowering her pussy to my mouth. I watched her slit slowly descend and knew I'd be tasting my Mistress for the first time. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 15 ****** bysubslutjenna© I stuck my tounge out, and her soft folds enveloped it. Her body lowered down onto my waiting mouth. I couldn't see what Chloe was doing, but I could feel her playing with my tits. Doing something. However, I was quite well occupied, sucking and licking on Mistress Jane's wet warm pussy. Slurping on it. 

 This was a rare thing for me. Mistress had me screwing loads of men, but aside from that first encounter with the blonde Asian girl, I hadn't had much in the way of lesbo action. Not that I felt I was missing anything. I have always been about the men. 

 Mistress Jane rode my face for a good ten minutes. Grinding and rubbing her wetness all over me. Her husky moans filling my ears, along with Chloe's giggles. When she got off me, my face was covered in a fine sheen of her juices. I can't say she tasted bad at all. 

 I looked down at my breasts, my blue eyes focusing. There they were. Two shiny new rings. My nipples pierced and ringed. Then Chloe and Mistress moved down. Between my legs. 

 "Let me get her ready," Mistress said, as she went down. Her mouth on my pussy, making me moan as she started sucking my clit. I moaned and squirmed, her hot mouth sucking me. Sucking my bald pussy hard. Her tounge lapped at my clit. Then flicked across it fast. Chloe watched with a smile, her eyes on Mistress as she sucked on my clit hard. Making it swell up. 

 "My turn," giggled Chloe, as she slipped her dress off. And I knew I would be tasting my second pussy in less then twenty minutes. As she straddled my head with her tight little body I felt Mistress numbing up my now swollen clit. Then my nose and mouth were smothered by Chloe's little bald pussy. I sucked and slurped on her, tasting the difference between the two women. 

 As with Mistress Jane, Chloe didn't taste half bad either. If anything, she was more wet and her juices leaked into my mouth like a faucet. As I sucked her clit I could feel her wetness seeping down my chin and neck. Soaking the bed where I slept with my dear fiancee Finley. 

 Finally, Chloe got off me with a giggle. My face completely wet now. Even my bobbed blonde hair was sticky. I looked up at her and she smiled and gave me a nice little air kiss. Her lips smacking. Then I looked down. Mistress Jane was already dressed and packing things up. Looking between my spread thighs I saw my third new ring. My clit nicely pierced. 

 "Untie her Chloe, and give her a kiss goodbye," Mistress said. I knew when the numbness wore off I would be a little sore, but I have to admit, the new nipple and clit rings didn't look too bad on me. Not something I would've done myself, but the sexy new look was good. 

 As I was sitting up on the bed, sucking on Chloe's tounge as she kissed me goodbye, Mistress Jane said,"I hope your fiancee enjoys your wedding gift. Some rings to go with the rings he gives you." 

 As I pondered that, Mistress Jane set a box with a ribbon on the bed, and I knew by the size of it my wedding dress would be barely a dress at all... 

 After having a good cry on the kitchen floor, I composed myself. No sense in carrying on right? So after a bit of a splash of cold water in the kitchen sink, I treated myself to some berries. Minus the cream of course. I wasn't really in the mood for spermberries just then. I had some time to kill before the bars really picked up so I decided to go through my new wardrobe. 

 Going to the bedroom and opening the closet I was just a little impressed. There were more clothes then ever before. More shoes. More everything. Not cheap stuff either. I noticed Versace, Michael Kors, Gucci, and even a few pairs of Mannolos. I could never afford those. 

 Once on a trip to Vegas, I stopped in at the Shops at the Forum. There was a high end shoe store, and just for fun I looked in. Nothing had a price tag. Like they say, if you have to ask, you can't afford it. Well I had to ask. The pretty little salesgirl looked down her nose at me and giggled. I never even got an answer from the snobby little retail chick. Whatever. Now I had several pairs to choose from. 

 Lined up on one wall of the closet were several numbered boxes. What was it she said, number four for tonight? Sliding out the correct box I set it on the bed. Just looking at it. 

 Might as well, I figured. So like the story goes, I opened up Pandora's box. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but it was just clothes. An outfit. Taking it out, it was just lovely. Number four. Sheer white blouse with no buttons. Meant to be tied under the bustline. Tiny plaid miniskirt. Pleated with a slit up the side. Skimpy little white bra and panties. Sheer white knee high stockings and little black flats. A couple of ribbons for my hair and I knew what I was looking at. A sexy schoolgirl uniform. Something a bad girl would wear on Halloween or something like that. 

 Except this wasn't Halloween. And I wasn't that type of girl. Well, to be fair, I guess I was that type of girl now. I even had a website for fuck's sake. Looking at the outfit, I knew I would have no trouble seducing an older man. Honestly, I'm sure I wouldn't have any trouble with that in just jeans and a sweatshirt. Looking at the clock I decided it was time to get ready. Do my hair up with the ribbons and put on my face. Bubblegum lip gloss and some glitter makeup would probably be the way to go. Right? 

 I started to get ready, and was soon on my way to complete my next task. 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 16 ****** bysubslutjenna© Thank you all once again for taking the time to read me. 

 Remember it's free and fantasy, so any similarities to anyone or anything are purely coincidence. 

 Please remember to comment and vote. 

 XOXO 

 ***** 

 So as I looked at the outfit, outfit number four, I decided to clean up a bit. My body still trembling from the need for release. I knew what I needed and a quick splash about in the cold shower calmed me down a bit. 

 Walking naked out of the shower, I saw that some of my things were still in my place. Hair dryer, curling iron, a few things from when I had a normal life. Though I wondered if this was my normal life now. 

 I started drying my hair and felt at home for just that bit of time. The hot air and the familiar sound reminding me of the morning I left for work. Before I met Mistress Jane. Before everything. 

 After that was finished I started on my makeup. I know people might think I'm a ditzy blonde bimbo, and maybe they're right, but I did know makeup. Once again, putting on my face. This time though, I did my lips bubblegum pink, and my eyeshadow all glitter. Pink and girly and very sparkly. Checking my look, I left the mirror and went to put on my new outfit. My new outfit courtesy of Mistress Jane. 

 Starting with the panties, pulling the sheer skimpy things up my long perfect legs. The little strings over my hips, and the little string between the crack of my ass. The front neatly parted my bald slit and was practically transparent. The white a nice blend with my pale skin. 

 Next I slid the bra on. Front clasp. Very sheer and flimsy. I put the two cups over my creamy big tits and clasped them together. Adjusting the straps, my boobs jiggling in the sheer material. Looking in my dresser mirror I could see my nipples through the fabric. Classic look for a girl. 

 Sitting on my bed, I next slid the sheer white knee high stockings on. I could tell they were high quality. I've worn such things once or twice, under conservative skirts of course, and I knew these were much better then I was used too. Like fine layers of silky satin on my supple calves. 

 Standing up, I took out the little plaid skirt. Very mini and pleated. I slowly wrapped the skimpy thing around my hips and found it only had two little velcro tabs to hold it in place. Very easy to remove. Easy access one way or the other. Very bad girl thing to wear. Just lovely. 

 I pulled the top out and looked at it. I've worn bathing suits that weren't as small. I slipped it on, the sleeves cupping my shoulders with a little frill. Taking the ends in my trembling hands, I tied them in a bow under my bosom. The effect was immediately noticeable. My breasts were pushed up and out prominently. The sheer bra and white top made the outlines of my pink nipples just visible. 

 I stepped into the black flats, and looked in the mirror. My mouth dropped a bit. The effect was stunning. Even I had to admit I looked hot. The blonde hair tied in pigtails with pink ribbons, the makeup, the little school uniform. I shivered a bit at what anyone that saw me would think, but I have to admit for the first time since Mistress and I met, I felt sexy. 

 I grabbed my purse and headed for the door. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months ago... 

 So the big day has finally arrived. I haven't heard much from Mistress Jane since I got my nipple and clit rings. Most everything else has been the same. Bill Shockley fucking me every other day or so. In his office. So unpleasant but I guess he is my boyfriend now. My girlfriend Summer has been by the house a few times to use my mouth. Not as unpleasant. And Chloe came by a few times. That was actually fun. She is really cute. I guess I like her after all. 

 My fiancee Finley loved the jewelry. He was shocked at my nipple rings but he loved them. The clit ring put him over the edge. The weekend after he first saw my lovely new rings I spent mostly on my back. 

 The strange thing is, that was three weeks ago, and he hasn't had me since. He said something about saving it for the wedding night. I'm not sure what that means but he won't talk about it. Anyways, when next you see me I'll be the lovely Mrs. Rebecca Anders. 

 The wedding is all set for tomorrow, and it's going to be a small thing. Just a few friends and colleagues, and of course we won't really be having a huge party after. Again, just a cozy little get together to celebrate the joining of man and wife. 

 I guess Mistress Jane will be there. I can't imagine her not showing up. After all, she bought my dress. What there is of it. Strapless, sheer white lace. Very short and very tight. I will be braless and only wearing skimpy panties and a garter under. Not even stockings. And the heels. Five inch stiletto heels. The one concession is that the dress has a sewn in liner so while it looks transparent, it's really not. The only thing that will be kind of obvious are my nipple rings. The veil is nice. Beaded lace. At least she picked it all out in white. 

 I'm still nervous about the surprise she has planned for my wedding night. 

 As I reached the door, my phone rang. There was really only one person it could be. I answered, "Hello?" 

 "Hello little miss big tits," Mistress answered back. I could hear music in the background. Stifling a yawn, since it was already a very long day, I asked how I could please her. I don't know why I said it like that but that's how it came out. 

 "Good girl," she answered. "I like how you know what to ask when I call." Her voice sounded shaky and I wondered what she was doing. 

 "There's a car outside your apartment to take you wherever you want. You know what's expected of you but as added incentive, the car will drop you off and leave you there. So you better find a ride home," she explained. 

 I suppressed a sigh and said,"Yes Mistress." My eyes felt heavy from exhaustion and I started to wonder if this woman ever slept. 

 Once again, as if reading my mind, Mistress said, "I know your tired pet, but after tonight you may rest most of the day tomorrow." Thank goodness for small favors. "By the way, you look hot, little miss big tits. I'm half tempted to just bring you back here and have you myself," she giggled. 

 "Thank you Mistress," I told her. Wondering what would be the lesser of two evils. Completion of my task or having her use me all night. Oh well, it wasn't my choice to make. 

 "Well little miss big tits, happy hunting and have fun," she said. And before I could reply, she hung up. 

 I opened the door and sure enough, there was a car waiting. A sleek black sedan. Like, completely black. Not even a little thingy that says what kind of car it is. The driver was already holding the door open for me and as I went to get in, he actually kept his hands to himself. For some reason I was already assuming it was open season on my toned body for anyone that wanted a feel. 

 My mistake I guess. 

 As the car pulled away, I started thinking this might be a challenge. First of all, I had no money. Or ID. Just what was in my purse. I could always call Mistress Jane but somehow I felt that might be worse. The driver asked, "Where to Miss?" and I realized quite suddenly I didn't know of any bars. Just the lounge where Rebecca Anders lured me into Mistress Jane's clutches. I owed her a big thank you for that. Whatever. 

 "Do you know of any bars near here where umm, older men might be?" I asked the driver. He turned around and winked, like some sort of rogue in a bad movie. "Just the place Miss," he replied. I decided I liked him. He didn't ogle me despite how I was dressed, and didn't try to get a feel. Very professional. 

 I looked out the dark tinted window and tried to rehearse what my seduction techniques might be. When it came to men, I was the coquette at all times. Shy and hard to get sometimes. Flirty but not sleazy at other times. Usually I could pick and choose at will from a variety of suitors and none were too likely to see me naked. As you already know. Good girl. 

 The car pulled up to a quiet and dark bar, not a dive but rather understated, and I thought to myself it was perfect. 

 I didn't realize how out of place I would be. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months earlier... 

 So I'm not quite Mrs. Rebecca Anders. Not just yet. It is however my wedding day, and it is lovely. Mistress Jane has graciously insisted on using her yacht for the ceremony, and it is a big one. The skipper will be performing the ceremony and I'm below deck getting ready. 

 My bobbed blonde hair is newly frosted and teased up a bit, with enough hairspray to support my bridal veil without collapsing. My pink collar, which Mistress refused to remove, is shiny and glistening. Even my nipple and clit rings are sparkly. 

 As I started to put on my makeup, sitting in front of the mirror just wearing a robe, there was a knock on the door. A knock knock knocking. 

 My girlfriend Summer, the blonde Asian that had me now and again at Mistress Jane's behest, was in the cabin with me. As the door was knocked on, she answered. Who else would it be, but Mistress Jane. 

 "Well look at the blushing bride to be," she said. Her smirk made me quiver just a little. She walked in and walked right to the bed, where my dress was layed out and awaiting me. As I turned and looked at her she picked it up, and blew me a kiss. I simply smiled back, hoping she wouldn't ruin my special day. I suppose it depends on how you define ruined. 

 As I watched her, Mistress took some scissors from her purse, and proceeded to snip snip snip at my wedding dress. When she was finished with it she tossed the liner aside. I now had a very sheer, very skimpy, very lacy wedding dress. The liner was the only thing preserving my modesty and now it lay on the floor. 

 

 "There, now it's perfect," she said, giggling. Summer aslo chuckled at that, her own dress very short and very red. As I watched Mistress, she started to strip. Taking off the clothes she was wearing. 

 I assumed she wanted to fuck me on my wedding day, before I took my vows. It turns out, I was wrong... 

 I left the car and walked to the small quiet looking bar. It was more of a pub, and I was thinking the neighborhood regulars must be in there having a quiet drink. I hoped I wouldn't run into anyone I knew, but doubted I would. I'm not much of a pub girl. 

 As I opened the door and stepped inside, the first thing I noticed was the dark lighting and wood textures everywhere. Brass rails, dark booths and some old wood flooring. Taking a look around I saw two old men at the bar, a table with a few guys drinking and playing cards, and two young looking guys throwing darts in the back corner. The bartender was an older guy, washing glasses. 

 Being the only girl in the place, I smiled to myself. No competition and no catty bitches to cause me problems. Looking down, I adjusted my barely there skirt, pulled up my knee high stockings, and gave my ribboned pigtails a quick fix. Perfect. 

 Walking in, I went to the bar and stood against it. Not wanting to risk a stool and a flash of my panties. I also knew not to bend over too much or again, a flash of my panties. A girl's gotta be careful right? Looking in the mirror behind the bar I could see what a slut I looked like. How girly and naughty and easy I appeared. I guess tonight, I was easy. An easy lay. Sigh. 

 The bartender gave me the eye. A look that said the thought of asking me to leave straight away crossed his mind. Dressed as I was, how could he not think I was a working girl. He came over and stood, behind his fortress of a bar, and looked me in the eye. 

 "You can't work in here," he said, in a stern voice. A take no backtalk and do as I say voice. It almost made me quiver. 

 Thinking fast, I said, "I'm not a prostitute, umm, I just came from a party, like, a costume party." I couldn't believe it worked, as he laughed and asked what I was having to drink. Not having any experience, the only drink I could think of was whiskey and beer. Before I could answer, the older man a few stools down said, "Bring the lady a martini, on me." My hero. 

 I thanked him as the drink was set in front of me and looked around at my prospects. The hero that bought me a drink, or the other older man at the end of the bar. The rest of the men looked too young. Mistress said he had to be twenty years older then me. And married. Looking for a ring, my hero happened to have one. There we go. 

 I moved over to stand next to him, smiling. He was at least sixty, something of a big gut, bald and not too badly dressed. Slacks and a polo shirt. Her reminded me of someone. 

 "Thanks for the drink, I'm Jenna," I said. Holding out my hand daintily. He took it and held it up, kissing it. I nearly swooned and nearly giggled. 

 I have never had my hand kissed. Some say it is a gentleman thing to do. And some will mention chivalry. Most guys my age or around my age wouldn't even think to kiss a girl's hand like that. It seems to be a forgotten art, along with opening doors or giving her a coat off your back. In any event, I could feel myself blushing. 

 "It's my pleasure young lady," he said. His voice deep and full of gravel. "I'm Max." I loved the name. Max. Very masculine. Not knowing what else to do, I sipped my martini. Not a good idea. 

 As I coughed and sputtered, the gin burning a trail of agony down my esophagus, he laughed and clapped me on the back. Every cough making my big boobs bounce and jiggle in my top. 

 Once again, that's when things got fuzzy... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months earlier... 

 Once she was naked, Mistress Jane told Summer three little words,"Let them in." 

 

 Summer giggled and opened the cabin door. If I thought I was seasick, it was nothing compared to the butterflies in my tummy as two men walked in. It certainly wasn't Jerome, or even the one I met before with the dreadlocks. It was two skinny, short, and nearly naked young men. Nerds I believe they're called. Wearing only boxers and both giggling. 

 The two guys walked in and ogled the now naked Mistress Jane as she smiled at them. Pointing to the bed, she told them to have a seat as Summer made herself busy with some bags from the closet. 

 "These two are working their way through technical college precious, here on my boat," Mistress explained. "I told them they could sample the bride today, since it's actually their day off." As she explained this, the two nerds were giggling and leering at me. I had a feeling this wasn't the first time they saw Mistress Jane naked as they stopped ogling her and were watching me intently. 

 Mistress came over to me and held my hand, pulling me up to stand. "Now precious, put on your heels, your veil, and your garter," she ordered. Summer handing me the items as Mistress slid my robe off for me. Thankfully, Summer helped as she slid my white and pink lace garter up my thigh. Pausing only to give my bald pussy a single wet lick. Then she lifted each of my feet to slip my white high heels on. The last bit, was her hands gently putting on my bridal veil. 

 "Now precious, you better get to it. Don't want to keep your Finley waiting at the altar," Mistress said. Her and Summer giggling as they both stepped aside. Knowing what to do to bring them off quickly, I got on my knees in front of the two nerds and slid off their boxers each in turn. I found myself looking at two very white, very hard cocks. 

 Smiling up at them, through my bridal veil, I took one in each hand and started to stroke. Leaning first to one, then the other, I used a good drop of saliva to lube their shafts. Both of them squirming and moaning now. Leaning to the left, I sucked one into my mouth and I felt his hips buck. My veil pulled up, I started sucking his cock. On my wedding day. 

 After a few minutes of my hot wet mouth on his shaft, I switched cocks. Sucking on the other one. They tasted distinctly different and I wondered how different their loads would taste. But Mistress wasn't having that. Not on today, of all days. 

 "That's enough foreplay precious, time to fuck," I heard her say as my head bobbed up and down the wet shaft in my mouth. As the guys giggled I got up on the bed. We all shifted positions and I found myself on all fours. A one eyed snake looking me right in my blue eyes. Before you could say I now pronounce you, I felt the one behind me fill my pussy with dick. When I gasped the one in front slid right down my throat. And so it began. 

 In my bridal veil, garter, and wedding heels while two strangers spit roasted me on my wedding day. Isn't that what every girl dreams of? As they picked up the pace, I felt balls slapping my wet chin. I thought insanely I would need to touch up my makeup and lipstick. For five long minutes the only sound in the room was bodies slapping, my high pitched gasps and moans, and the grunts as the two pumped me at both ends hard and fast. At some point my veil fell off and one of my high heels wound up on the floor. 

 Mistress Jane and Summer watched, occasionally giggling or chuckling as a particular thrust made me gag a certain way or an especially hard pump made me gasp and squeal. Despite the situation, getting nailed on my wedding day, I started to enjoy it. The nerd behind me holding my womanly hips and pumping deep, making me gasp and moan. The nerd in front of me occasionally pinching my nose shut to make me slurp and drool as I sucked his cock. It was almost divine. 

 "Alright guys, fill her up now," Mistress Jane said. Reminding me I was getting married in less then a half hour. "I want precious to walk down the aisle with cum dripping down her thigh and cum stuck between her teeth," she giggled. That was all the encouragement the guys needed. 

 The one pounding me from behind picked up his pace, slamming into me hard. Making my tits bounce and sway under me. I pouted as the one fucking my mouth grabbed a handful of my blonde hair, ruining my wedding hairstyle. It made no difference to any of them as I felt my mouth fill with thick hot semen. 

 "Don't you dare swallow precious," Mistress ordered. The whole time I hadn't been watching what her and Summer were doing, and I would be in for a surprise. Keeping my mouth full of gooey cum I felt my pussy getting filled. So warm and thick inside me as my hips were held and he filled me up. All I could do was whimper and moan. Then it was over. Full at both ends as their softened cocks slid out slowly. I put my head down and my ass was up as Summer came over to me. Resting her hand on the small of my back, she began to use a paddle. Smacking me over and over on each cheek, hard and fast. Mistress giggling and clapping. I heard the guys leave and the cabin door close. 

 "We want your look perfect for your wedding precious, don't we?" Mistress asked chuckling. Summer continued to spank me hard, turning my pale ass a deep shade of red. A shade of red that wouldn't fade anytime soon. I still held the wad of cum in my mouth, unable to scream in pain until finally, Mistress said,"Swallow pet, but keep some in to play with." 

 I swallowed, leaving a good trace of semen in my teeth as I looked at the clock. Summer finally stopped her paddling and I realized I had five minutes to dress. I looked at Mistress Jane, and my eyes went wide. 

 I couldn't believe what she was wearing... 

 Me and Max sat, drinking. Well he was having a few. When he ordered me a second martini I started to take very small sips. Already tipsy, I wanted to remember what I was doing. And I wanted to remember it tomorrow. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 16 ****** bysubslutjenna© "So I see you're married," I told him. Not really asking but just leading the conversation. I made a point of looking at his ring. He made a point of looking at my breasts as he replied, "Yes dear, been married for years now." 

 "So where is the wifey?" I asked, giggling. I felt a little guilty knowing what I was playing at, but that was outweighed by my fear of what Mistress Jane would do if I failed my task. Heavily outweighed. 

 "Oh she's at home tonight," he replied, smiling and sipping his drink. "She don't care much for the bar," he continued. I giggled and looked in his eyes as I ran my tounge along the edge of my glass. "Her loss," I teased, making my blue eyes gleam at him. 

 "It could be," he said, looking at my body again. As he was eyeing me, I made sure to uncross and then cross my long lovely smooth legs. Giving him an innocent glance at my panties. Looking down, I saw he had a bit of a bulge. 

 "So do you need to get home to the wifey then?" I asked him, using what I thought was a flirty voice. I glanced at the bartender and he winked at me. He knew what was up I guess, seeing a horny old man chatting up a sexy young woman. 

 "I could stay out late," he flirted back. "The old girl is probably sleeping already," he finished, as he tossed back the last of his drink. Taking that as my cue, I also tossed mine back and finished it. Coughing once again, as the liquor burned its way down my body. I thought the calories would be no good, and I would need a workout to burn them off. When I realized I would be getting a workout soon I giggled like the schoolgirl I was dressed as. Taking that as his cue, he asked, "So do you need a ride home dear?" 

 Nodding yes, as I slowly licked my lips, I smiled. Making sure of one thing first, I asked him, "Are you okay to drive? How many have you had?" 

 No amount of punishment was worth risking him driving if he was drunk. That was too serious a matter and I would never ever condone it. 

 "I think I'm good dear," he said, as he showed me two fingers. "I only just got here when you walked in," he said, as he stood and threw down a wad of cash. I didn't know how much it was, or what the drinks cost, but I could see he wasn't worried about money. 

 "Shall we?" he asked. Smiling as I stood up, collecting my purse, I nodded and said, with a wink, "We shall." 

 And with a wave at the bartender, he took my arm and we left. I didn't notice every guy in the bar watching me leave with him, and the looks of lust and envy in all their eyes. If I had, I would have been so ashamed. It was obvious what I was there for, and obvious what we were leaving to go do. My skirt barely covered my pert behind as we left the bar, and I'm sure a few of the men had a certain stiffness in their pants. 

 We got to his car, a nice one actually. Mercedes. Very nice. I was impressed. Listen to me babbling. But anyways, as we got to his car he unlocked my side, opened the door, and stood aside as I got in. Total gentleman. For his kindness, I made sure to give him a nice panty flash as I sat in the plush leather seat. When he closed my door and walked around I quickly looked down to see what I was flashing. My panties were so sheer I could see the cleft of my slit. That made me blush as I realized what a naughty girl I was being. 

 A week ago I never would've even thought to act like this. Never mind the thought of acting like I was going to act once he got me to my apartment. Did I mention my acting skills? Don't act like I didn't. I would know it's all an act. Anyways, time for some acting action? Sorry, I get carried away. 

 The drive home was quiet, except for two things. I leaned over and nibbled on his ear, whispering directions to my place. Breathing in his ear. And the other thing? My soft whispered moans as his hand found its way up my skirt. His rough hand massaging my little panties. 

 He was doing a good job of making me wet, and my nibbles on his ear had an effect as well. I could see he was hard. I almost was enjoying it, until I remembered why I was doing this. To please Mistress Jane, and obviously to add a video for my website. I wondered how his wife would take it if she found out, and felt a little guilty. 

 We got to my apartment without incident and once again, he graciously got out and opened my door. I didn't worry about flashing him my now wet panties, as I knew he would be seeing everything within the next few minutes anyways. 

 The door was still unlocked, which was a good thing. I forgot to lock it. I still didn't have a key to my own apartment. I would have to ask Mistress about that soon. Offering him a seat, I put on some music, and offered him a drink. Too late-as he asked what I had-I remembered I didn't have anything in the fridge. Nothing I could offer a guest anyways. However, when I went to look in the kitchen, there was a six pack of beer, and a bottle of wine. Chilled to perfection. Someone was being a guardian angel I suppose. Perhaps Mistress Jane decided to lend a helping, if heavy handed, hand. 

 Pouring a glass of wine for me and getting Max a beer, I returned. Smiling at him as he popped his beer open I watched him set it down, reach into his pocket, then set something down on my coffee table. A little blue pill. Just one. Viagra. 

 I grinned and knew I was in for a long night. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Blaine...two years and six months earlier... 

 Sitting up on the bed, freshly fucked, I looked Mistress Jane up and down. She was wearing the exact same dress as my wedding dress. Even in white. The same heels. Just no veil. Before I could talk, Summer helped me up and led me to the mirror, quickly touching up my makeup and teasing my hair up again. Making me presentable. Bless her heart. 

 My dress was wiggled onto my body, tightly, then my garter. As she helped me with my heels I could see my ass was bright red and visible through the sheer lace. No hiding it. Then she helped place the veil on my head. Looking at my reflection, I could see everything was on display. All my charms. Nothing hidden from view. 

 Top to bottom my eyes looked. Beaded white lace veil over my bobbed blonde frosted hair. Pink collar locked on and shiny. Part of me wondered why my dear Finley never asked about that. My strapless, sheer lace dress. My wedding minidress. Nipples and rings clearly visible. My slit visible with my shiny clit ring poking out just enough to say hello. My pink and white lace garter on my thigh. Bare legged down to my white, five inch high, fuck me heels. I looked like a star in some wedding porno. I only hoped Mistress hadn't planned that for me. 

 "Time to get you married precious, then the real fun can begin," Mistress chuckled. I looked at her, not believing she was wearing the exact same dress. The only difference was hers still had the liner keeping her goodies under wraps. 

 Summer took my hand saying,"You look gorgeous Becky," and led me out and down the hall. The boat was pretty stable and I didn't feel too wobbly in my heels as we walked to the main room. The doors opened and there were my guests. A few friends from college, a few from work. Some of Finleys fellow professors. We were both distant from our families and in that instant I was grateful none of ours showed up. 

 Of course Bill Shockley was there, as was the dreadlocked black guy that had already fucked me. There was Chloe, and some other girls I didn't recognize. Friends of the Mistress I guessed. Add a few strange men, and the two grinning nerds that had just wet their cocks in me and it was a wedding. The only thing missing was someone to walk me down the aisle, where my dear Finley Anders awaited. No problem, as Mistress Jane took my arm and we began the long slow walk. It seemed almost surreal. 

 As we reached the altar, where the Captain of the boat and my fiancee awaited, I could hear whispers from some of my friends. I was glad my veil hid my blushing face, and doubly so when I felt cum seep down my thigh slowly. Then the ceremony began. 

 When the question arose of who gives this bride, Mistress Jane graciously offered me up. As our vows to be faithful to each other were spoken I could feel the cum drying and sticking to my soft inner thigh. When the ring was slipped on my finger by my dear Finley I felt more seep down my other thigh slowly. I was almost grateful the nerd hadn't deposited a large load, or it would have run down right into my high heel. 

 At long last, we were pronounced man and wife and as Finley lifted my veil to kiss the bride, I could still taste cock and cum on my teeth and tounge. Luckily it was just a quick peck on the lips. Looking in my dear Finley's eyes, I was now Mrs. Rebecca Anders. Til death do us part. I looked down at my shiny new diamond ring, and smiled. Ever the blushing bride. 

 As the ceremony finished Mistress Jane announced that drinks and dancing could start as soon as the guests were ready. The same room would be used and the service people started setting up a table for the bride and groom. Music began and several bottles of expensive champagne were brought out. I held Finley's hand as we watched our guests mingle. Some of them talking with Mistress Jane's guests. That's when Stephanie from work pulled me aside, glaring at Mistress. 

 "Why is that bitch wearing the same dress as you Becky?" she whispered angrily. "Doesn't she know how disrespectful that is?" she continued. I shushed her, as I could only imagine what Mistress would do if she heard her. I pictured Stephanie tossed overboard for the sharks. As it turns out, Mistress Jane had heard Stephanie and in time, a bit of fun would be had with poor little Steph. But not today. 

 Today was all about me, and the fun was about to begin... 

 I watched as Max popped his little blue pill and washed it down with beer. He used his leg to push aside the coffee table and suggested I dance for him. So as he watched, I pushed aside the table a bit more and started dancing. I assumed he wanted a strip tease, and maybe a lap dance, because after all that's what a sex toy does right? So I started. 

 Now if you'll remember, I was a cheerleader in school. And a gymnast as well. So dancing was already second nature to me, and it showed as I began swaying my hips. Max sat back and watched with a grin as I circled my hips, my hands in the air, grinding to the music. I kept my long legs straight, bent at the waist in front of him, and shook my big tits for his enjoyment. 

 He nodded yes in approval and I almost stopped. Biting my lip I had a sudden picture in my mind of something horribly wrong. This man, Max, was old enough to be my father, and the thought flashed its devious way through my synapses. Firing their charge and connecting with a actinic pop. There it was. The thought of giving my own father a sexy striptease and then a lapdance. Once implanted, I couldn't shake it off. 

 Facing away from Max and wiggling my hips, I closed my eyes and raised my arms. Dancing to the beat. My hips ground side to side as I slowly bent down at the knees into a squat. Then slowly stood, by straightening my legs as I untied my top. Looking over my shoulder at Max, I smiled and wiggled the skimpy blouse down my arms and off. Then, grinding my hips slowly in a wide circle I wound my way around to face him again. He sat, on my sofa and sipped his beer as he watched my performance. 

 Standing a bit in front of his watchful eyes, I kept my legs straight and crossed my ankles, slowly bending over at the waist then straightening back up. Running my nails up my smooth flawless legs as I did. That brought a grunt of lust from Max as he watched. Smiling at him and with a quick flick, my skirt's velcro came apart and it fell to the ground. Kicking it away I also kicked off my flats. Now that I was only in knee high stockings, bra, and panties, I thought I'd try giving my first lapdance. 

 How things have changed for me in the past week... 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 17 ****** bysubslutjenna© Hello again readers. 

 I hope you enjoy this next installment. 

 All characters are adults and fictional and similarities to reality are coincidence. 

 Mmmmmwah xoxo. 

 * 

 Turning away from him, I slowly danced back. Using my legs to push his knees apart, I moved between his thighs. I was hardly aware I was nearly naked and he was still fully dressed as he watched my toned body move. 

 Closing my eyes I made my move. Putting my hands on his thighs I slowly lowered my toned ass down into his crotch. Grinding in slow circles as I did. His groan of approval told me I was doing it right. My very first lapdance. I looked to where I knew a camera was and gave a bit of a glare, hoping Mistress Jane was watching. Max sipped his beer and I started in earnest. 

 My legs together as I sat on his lap, his legs apart. I held his thighs and started grinding, moving my pert ass in tight circles. I don't know if it was me or the Viagra he took, but I could feel the results through his trousers and my panties. He was obviously very hard and I could tell he had quite a package. 

 I giggled a bit as he set his beer down, and bounced up and down slightly on his bulge to tease him. Max chuckled back at me, a low throaty laugh, and he reached around and held my big tits. His rough hands catching on the lace of my bra, as he gripped my breasts and held them. Then his hands slid down and held my waist, moving my body around and controlling the pace of his lapdance. 

 I know in certain clubs the clientele isn't allowed to touch the dancers. It's strictly hands off and that gives girls a certain freedom to tease and deny men. I'm sure if enough cash is tossed around everyone looks the other way and it's open season for a bit of grab ass. But here and now Max could take whatever he wanted. And that's just what he did. 

 As I moved my ass in slow teasing circles on his hard bulge, Max reached around and unclasped my bra. Slipping it off my shoulders. I held my arms together and let him slide it off me and I suddenly found myself giving a topless lapdance to a man I had met not more then a couple of hours ago. 

 Some secret part of some small lobe of my brain hoped Mistress was watching and nodding in approval. I knew if she wasn't, I would be feeling something unpleasant very soon. 

 I continued to grind on his lap, my pert ass rubbing his bulge in slow teasing circles as his hands reached around and cupped my breasts. He chuckled and said, "More than a handful darling." I gave his bulge a good bounce and giggled. I could tell he was enjoying me, and I knew he would enjoy more of me soon. 

 As I continued to wiggle in his lap, his rough hands massaged and kneaded my big tits. His fingers tugged my nipples, making them stiffen. Making me moan softly. My long legs together, holding his thighs, my ass in panties wiggling on his bulge and my big breasts filling his hands. 

 This lasted a good couple of minutes, just like that, when his hands left my boobs and he pushed my hips up. "Stand up darling, and turn around," he told me in his gravel voice. 

 I stood and faced him, holding my tits in my hands. My pale flesh accented by my long pink nails. He looked up at me with a stern face and said, "You naughty little slut, look what you've done to a married man." Pointing to his bulging trousers. I giggled and bit my lip as I looked. Ever the innocent tease. 

 "Do you know what naughty girls get," he asked me. I smiled and shrugged, as I played with my long blonde pigtails. My breasts exposed to Max, as he shook his head like a disappointed parent. 

 "They get spankings," he said. Then he ordered me, "Get over my knee Jenna, now." This situation was suddenly taking a bit of a turn, and I wasn't sure I was going to enjoy my task as much as I already had been. 

 With a slight whimper, and with the proper look of contrition on my pretty face, I slowly moved in and lay across his lap. My pert bottom in the air and my palms and toes on the floor. I felt his heavy hand rest on the small of my back. His rough skin against my silky smooth flesh. 

 I closed my eyes and prepared myself. My blonde pigtails hanging down, tickling my arms. Max rubbed both cheeks of my ass, giving me the grunt of lusty approval. Then a quick smack on each one to make me gasp. 

 The smacks weren't overly hard, and I thought maybe he wouldn't be too rough with me. Then he rubbed my cheeks a little again, squeezing my pale globes. 

 I bit my lip when he told me, as he rubbed my ass, "Call me Daddy." That's when I felt him peeling down my panties. As he slowly pulled them down, I blushed as I felt the gusset peel away from my bald slit. It felt so wet and sticky. 

 "Are you ready to take your punishment naughty girl?" Max asked. With a shy whimper I said, "Yes Daddy," while quivering across his lap. I must confess this was becoming a bit weird for my innocent sensibilities. But then everything about the last few days had been weird. 

 So it was, wearing sheer white knee high stockings, my panties around my ankles, bent over his lap and my blonde pigtails hanging down, that I began to feel Max spank me. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Anders...two years and six months earlier... 

 From there, the night became a bit of a whirlwind. If only just for a while. There was champagne and dancing and even Mistress Jane offered up a toast to the new bride and groom. 

 As she stood and raised her glass to me and my dearest Finley, the room was divided. Nearly neatly in half. The half of the room with her friends was beaming. Smiles and clapping all around. 

 The side where my friends and Finley's were gathered wasn't quite so accepting. First there was the matter of her dress. Mistress Jane had chosen to wear the exact same dress as me. The one thing a woman doesn't do for a wedding. 

 Then there was the toast. Her toast. It was short and sweet and when she was finished, the glares from one side of the room could've cut glass. 

 "Here's to the newlywed Becca, and to her hot little body. May she have many adventures as a new hot wife, and may her career be very exciting," she said as she winked at me. That was it. That was her toast. Not even a word about my new husband. 

 Of course everyone she brought was thrilled. I merely nodded my head and thanked her quietly. Then it was on to more champagne. 

 Naturally all of Mistress Jane's friends wanted to dance with the new bride, and I went from partner to partner. 

 My new husband watched as Bill Shockley took me onto the dance floor. He held me close as we moved to a slower song. He was actually a gentleman and didn't feel me up, though my tits were pressed against him the entire song. At the end he leaned in and whispered, "Congratulations Becky, but just because you're married doesn't mean you won't be sucking me off anymore." 

 I only nodded as we split, and a fast song started. Before I returned to my new husband, Chloe, Summer, and Mistress joined me on the dance floor. Those girls could really shake it, and there was loads of grinding and near flashing. I felt hands all over my body the whole song through and I'm sure everyone enjoyed the show. 

 Keep in mind my dress was so transparent, with everything on show. My nipples, my slit, my nicely reddened ass, and the rings adorning all my goody bits clearly on display for everyone to see. By now, I wondered if there was anything left to hide, and if Mistress Jane had a hold on me at all anymore. That opened a can of worms as I began to wonder if I was doing this because I liked it now. 

 I didn't have long to think about it as the next song started and Mistress Jane led me to my table, as Summer dragged my Finley out onto the dance floor. As we sat, Mistress leaned in and said, " It's almost time for your wedding night surprise precious." 

 Taking a deep breath I looked at her and said, "Can't we just take a night off Mistress?" Her giggles were all the answer I needed. She just smirked, looking in my eyes, and slowly got up to leave. 

 I took a sip of champagne and watched Finley dance with Summer. The cute blonde Asian Summer. Maybe I was getting tipsy but I laughed at the phrase Asian Summer. It sounded like a nice vacation. 

 Slowly things began to wind down, with my friends saying their goodbyes and Finley bidding farewell to his. One by one people either started to leave or started coupling up and heading for other parts of the boat. This whole time we had never left the dock, and I started to think about grabbing my new husband and making a run for the shore. 

 That's about the time Mistress Jane came for me... 

 Slowly he started, each slap on my pert, yoga toned ass echoing in the room. My whimpers began to rise in pitch and volume as he continued. One smack after the other. I could feel my cheeks turning red. 

 It wasn't so much that he was spanking me hard as it was the fact that he was spanking the same spot over and over. Each cheek taking slap after slap. They started to have a cumulative effect and my flesh got warmer and warmer. 

 Over and over he spanked me until my legs began to kick, tossing my panties off. I started to sob and just as I was about to beg him to stop, he stopped. I knew I must've been quite a sight with my ass red and my face dripping with tears. He helped me up and to my feet, where I stood, rubbing my burning bottom and wiping my tears. 

 As I stood, naked except for sheer white knee high stockings, Max looked my fit and toned body up and down. 

 "Now apologize for the state you have me in young lady," he said sternly. "I'm sorry for making you hard," I said contritely. Not nearly good enough, as he shook his head and pointed to the floor. I knew what he wanted and slowly sank to my knees. 

 As I unzipped him and fished out his fat cock, I whispered, "I am very sorry for making you spank me Daddy, and for making you hard like this." This brought a grin to his face and he told me, "Now kiss it better sweetheart." 

 His fat cock filled my dainty hand as I held it, and leaned in, kissing the tip. Looking up at him, he nodded yes and I started leaving little lipstick kisses all over the shaft. Using my other hand to massage his heavy full balls. Looking at it, his dick was thick, hard, and very veiny. His pubes on the gray side and very very bushy. 

 Holding his shaft I licked up and down, focusing on keeping my lips working as well. Then, looking up at Max with precious blue eyes, I wrapped my pink lips around his cock and started sucking it. Sucking the cock of a man old enough to be my father, I thought, and this made me blush. 

 Kneeling, naked in knee high stockings, my blonde head started to bob. My slurping was accompanied by Max's groans of pleasure as this beautiful twenty something girl made sloppy wet love to his old pecker. I ran my nails up and down his inner thighs as I sucked on his tip and that's when he grabbed my pigtails, pulling my head down to deepthroat him. His entire length. 

 Mistress Jane spent a few minutes with a dildo down my throat, during my training. Such as it was, I was almost grateful to her when Max pulled my head down by my pigtails. His dick went all the way down my throat until his balls were on my chin and I didn't gag. Not even once. Not even when he did it over and over again. 

 Letting me up to catch a breath of air, Max chuckled and my chin was dripping with saliva. Gasping and panting I smiled up at him. He smiled back and asked, "So the young lady likes it rough?" 

 In an effort to do my task well I nodded yes. I soon found out how rough Max could be... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Anders...two years and six months earlier... 

 Taking my hand, Mistress Jane told me, "Come with me precious, it's time." I could only wonder time for what as she held my hand and lead me out of the room. Away from my new husband. 

 As we walked down the hall Mistress Jane didn't say a word and neither did I. Until we came to a door, and she turned to me saying,"You know, we shouldn't be wearing the same dress on your wedding day. Strip." 

 I took one look at her and knew I couldn't refuse, so I slowly and quietly took off my skimpy sheer wedding dress. My veil was on still and I knew I looked quite sexy. 

 I stood, naked except for my wedding veil, garter on my thigh, and heels. I still wore my pink collar, as it was locked on, and of course my shiny new rings. All of them. Nipples, clit, and wedding rings. Then Mistress smirked at me and opened the door. As I looked in, I thought it was a very large man on the bed. Sitting and smoking a nasty smelling cigar. It wasn't. 

 "Precious, I'd like you to meet Chris," Mistress said with a smile. The room was dimly lit and I could see a large person wearing a wife beater shirt and shorts. Shorts with a huge bulge. I waved hi slowly and that's when I realized something. Chris was a large, manly, crew cut butch dyke. Very butch, and very dyke. 

 "Time to consumate wouldn't you say precious?" Mistress Jane asked with a giggle. Her hand on the small of my naked back pushing me in. "Don't be rude, go say hi," she continued, as I walked into the dimly lit cabin. 

 My high heels clicked with each step as I slowly walked to Chris. I tried to hold my breath as the smoke from her cigar slowly made its way into my nostrils, and I coughed just a little. This brought a grin to her face. 

 She relished it and blew a cumulus cloud of corruption to creep quietly closer to my cryptically quizzical and comically confused conduits of consternation and well let's face it, creeped out visage. 

 So I said hi, giving her a wave as she looked my newly married and nearly naked body the pervy up and down. Elevator eyes. Eye fucking me. Standing in front of her as she reached over and put her cigar in an ashtray on the bed. I quietly hoped against hope she would set the bed on fire. It turns out she did. Just not in the way I was hoping. 

 "Well look at the princess in her veil," she said, as she took hold of her top and pulled it off. At that I almost giggled, seeing her breasts. I couldn't understand how her body could be so flabby yet remain so flat chested. Small wonder she wanted to look like a man. 

 Then it hit me, all at once like a heavy thing. This person was going to fuck me. With that thought I looked down at her bulge and realized she must've been wearing a ridiculously big strapon cock. And she was already prepared, obviously, what with her wicked grin and her nearly toothless mouth salivating. 

 That's when Bill Shockley walked in... 

 Having a grip on my pigtails, Max leaned in close to my pretty blonde head and whispered, "I have a daughter about your age, and God help her if she's a whore like you." I blushed and wanted to tell him I wasn't a whore and spill the whole story when he pulled me closer by my pigtails. I thought he was going to kiss me, and was unpleasantly surprised when he spit. A big wet mess of saliva and old man butter right in my left eye. Wincing, I tried to pull away but he held my blonde pigtails tightly and spit again. Right into my other eye. 

 Effectively blind and whimpering now, I squirmed and Max stood, stripping. This was quickly becoming a nightmare and I really started to wish he would cum in my mouth and leave. I was in for a bit more than that. As I was wiping his spit from my eyes, suddenly I felt his strong hands grip my body and lift. In an instant I was over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes and he carried me to my bedroom. 

 Gasping, my legs kicked a bit but then I was tossed. With a squeal I landed on my back, on my bed. My apartment was a bit of a small cozy place and it took him all of like, five steps to carry my body and throw me onto my bed. 

 Still wiping my blue eyes of his spit I looked up at him. He was stroking his fat cock and smirking. Then he said something I couldn't really come to grips with. "My daughter's name is Courtney, and you quite remind me of her," he said. I looked at him, my eyes wide, as my brain tried to process that. My brain tried for all of ten seconds before my brain had to come to terms with the fact that this old, heavy, sadistic man was now mounting me. 

 I spread my legs and his body moved between them, his belly resting on me. His heavy, hairy, old belly, resting against my cute, pale, and toned tummy. I felt his tip rub my entrance and held his shoulders. Looking in his eyes. Then he slowly slid inside me. 

 My grip on his shoulders tightened and my long pink nails dug in a little. Making him groan. Or maybe it was the tightness of my silky twat that made him groan. Either way, I know it was his girth that brought a groan from my lips. A high pitched groan, as his width stretched me. 

 "Oooh Daddy, " I gasped as he bottomed out. My back arching and my tits jiggling. He grinned and started to slide out, stopping just at the tip. Turning my head to the side, I bit his arm as he plunged in again. Deep and hard. His weight on my body making it hard to breathe. 

 Max reached up and grabbed my hair, as he started to pump into me. Yanking my head down and making me watch his fat cock plunging into me repeatedly. I could barely see it past his belly. I gasped and squealed with each hard thrust and my tits started to bounce. His grip on my hair was tight and I held his meaty forearms while he fucked me. 

 I haven't had much in the way of cock in my life. The few men that I have had, that have been in my pussy, were big enough, I thought. However, I had never had a cock so thick inside me. Even Jerome, while huge and black, and very long, wasn't as thick as the cock that was now making its home inside my tight blonde slit. I felt so stretched and so full I couldn't help but to squeal as he nailed me to my bed. 

 "That's a lovely view isn't it sweetheart," he managed to say between thrusts. Keeping my head held so I could watch his cock disappear. "Yes, oh god yes," was all I could reply with as his thrusts became harder and faster. For an older man, I have to admit Max could really fuck. Despite his size and the fact he was clearly out of shape. Maybe he was trying to impress me. 

 I was certainly not happy with what he did next. Leaning forward, with his heavy belly pinning me down, Max gripped my wrists in one hand. Pinning them over my head he held his entire cock inside me, and used his free hand to squeeze my jaw wide open. As I watched in horror, he slowly let a nice big glob of saliva fall from his mouth into mine, and then held my mouth shut as he started pounding my pussy hard. 

 My beautiful blue eyes pouted up at him as he nailed me to my bed again, very hard and fast. His spit in my mouth, I had to swallow it. As soon as he saw that, he let my mouth go to hear my moans and squeals as his cock pounded into me. 

 He kept my wrists pinned with one hand, and my ankles hooked around the back of his legs as he fucked me hard. Then, with a smirk, he slowed his pace. I could feel myself suddenly a lot more slippery inside, and I knew he had cum in me. Looking into his eyes I said, "Thank you for filling me up Daddy," and he sneered. 

 I knew with the Viagra he took, it was going to be a long night... 

 Mrs. Rebecca Anders...two years and six months earlier... 

 So it was, the three of them looking at me with smirks, that I stood wearing my wedding veil, my new wedding ring, my garter and my heels. Mistress Jane came to me and held my tits up from behind for the bull dykes delectation. 

 "What do you think Chris?" she asked as she jiggled my big tits for her amusement. Chris sneered and said, "Not too shabby," in a sort of husky voice. I blushed and gave her a half smile. 

 "Now precious, while you and Chris consumate your new status as a hot wife, Bill here is going to explain why you're going to keep doing everything you're told," Mistress explained, as she tweaked and twisted my pink nipples by their rings. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 17 ****** bysubslutjenna© I hardly paid attention as Bill Shockley started pulling out papers from a case, as I was distracted by Chris taking her boxers down, revealing a huge rubber strapon cock. I stood and watched in rapt attention as the dyke spit in her hand copiously, and lubed the shaft. Over and over, adding more and more saliva to the huge thing. 

 "Get over here princess, on all fours," Chris said, patting the bed. Slowly, I went over and crawled up on the bed. Whimpering as she took off my wedding veil and tossed it aside. The two of us on the bed, me on my hands and knees. Chris played a bit with my pink collar and giggled as Bill Shockley came around in front of me. Grinning like an idiot. 

 "Now I suppose you think this will end soon precious, now that you're married," Mistress said. As she spoke I felt the dyke Chris get behind me. "However, Bill here has a wonderful idea," she continued. 

 I whimpered as I felt the strapon cock rub, just the tip, up and down my slit. Chris held my hips, her female hands rough and calloused. I guessed she must work construction, as she seemed that type of bull dyke. 

 As I looked up at Bill he started to place some papers on the bed under my face. As he handed me a pen I felt the thickness of the strapon penetrate slowly. Groaning, I bit my lip. It was so thick, I was grateful for the spit she lubed it with. 

 "Sign these, here, here, and here," Bill instructed as he handed me a pen and pointed to several different lines. As he did that, Chris started to suddenly pound me from behind. Her flab bouncing against me as she held my hips and giggled. 

 I couldn't have read what I was signing if I tried, as I put my name on page after page. Bill kindly switching documents for me. My signature a bit shaky if anything, being pounded as I was while trying to write. 

 At long last, through my moans, Bill took away the papers and put them in a case. Chris slowed her pace to a slow deep thrusting and gripped my hips tight. Holding me in place tightly. Mistress Jane giggled. I moaned, and Bill Shockley left the room. 

 He quickly returned, and sat on the bed next to where I was getting fucked by Chris, the seriously butch lesbian. Running his fingers through my blonde hair he started to explain. 

 "Those papers you signed, Becky, were transfers of funds into a personal account. Your personal account," Bill explained. Chris rested her flabby gut on my ass and ground her strapon in circles inside me. All I could do was whimper and pout up at him. 

 "They will remain in your owner's care, safe from prying eyes," he continued. "So long as you do as your told and be a good girl," he went on. Punctuating his words by reaching down and giving my nipple rings a tug to make sure I was listening. Chris giggled and gave my pussy a sudden and deep thrust. Making me gasp. 

 "However," Bill droned on, "if you even think of disobeying, those documents will find their way into the right hands and you will go away for a long long time." 

 I came to the realization I was being blackmailed with some phony documents. Documents that proved I was embezzling. I gasped as I came to realize they had me right where they wanted. 

 At this, Mistress Jane giggled and told Chris, "Put it in the new bride's ass." I whimpered as I felt the thick strapon slide out of my pussy, with a wet slurp. Then whimpered again as I felt the butch dyke spit and slobber all over my tight brown hole. I knew it was going to hurt, as I already knew how thick it was. I tried to relax. 

 As the tip pressed against my tight ass, Bill Shockley stood to leave. "Be in my office on Monday slut, and don't bother with panties," he said with a grin. "Meanwhile, congratulations again, and have a fun wedding night," he said. Waving at me as he left. I almost waved back out of habit, when my world went blank as the butch dyke gripped my hips and buried her strapon in my ass in one hard thrust. 

 My screams must've scared away every fish for a mile around the boat... 

 In a quiet suburban part of town, Jenna's sister Ashley puts her phone down. Thinking what a wonderful best friend she has in Nicole. A few days ago she confided in Nicole that she wanted to lose a little weight. Not that anything was wrong with her body mind you, it's just that Jenna is so fit and so gorgeous that she wanted to get in better shape herself. Keep her husband interested as it were. 

 When Jenna had sent her a topless picture recently, and out of the blue mind you, Ashley was quietly envious. She said prayers to help her get over her covetousness, but she couldn't help but feel a bit, inadequate. That's when Nicole suggested hypnosis. Just a bit of hypnotherapy to help her work out and diet properly. 

 And it was so nice of her to suggest a trained and skilled therapist. Ashley had the number, and she would call first thing in the morning. For now, prayer and a nice long sleep with her loving husband. She decided not to tell him about trying hypnotherapy, as he didn't believe in such nonsense. But Nicole had convinced Ashley that it worked wonders when she was quitting smoking. 

 So that decided it, first thing tomorrow after her husband left for work, Ashley would call this Jane Kessler and make an appointment. Looking at the card, reading the name again. Miss Jane Kessler. Yeah, what harm could it possibly do? 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 18 ****** bysubslutjenna© Hello dear readers. 

 If you've been keeping up, enjoy this chapter. 

 If not, you may want to read from the first chapter. 

 Enjoy and remember, it's complete fiction and any similarities to real people is complete coincidence. 

 All characters are adults. 

 ***** 

 Ashley put her phone down. The appointment was set. She was a bit surprised Jane Kessler could see her on such short notice. Smiling to herself she couldn't help but think how her husband would love the results of her hypnotherapy. 

 Across town, her sister Jenna was just waking up, and finding herself alone. Max long gone, and the only trace of him being her sore pussy, her sore ass, her sore jaw, her body bruised and leaking cum, and the 200 dollars on her nightstand. 

 In a different part of town, Rebecca was on her back, as Jerome held her legs up over her head and slowly fucked her ass while her husband Finley watched. 

 And now, Ashley's story begins. 

 As I got dressed for my appointment, I wondered if it would really work. I mean, some people say hypnosis is all fake and done for entertainment, but my best friend Nicole swears by it. She says it helped her stop smoking. And if it can do that, then just maybe it will help me focus and help me trim my body down. Help me get the drive to work out and spend some time at the gym. Just maybe. 

 I knew I would probably never be as fit as Jenna, but she's worked out her whole life. After college and being a cheerleader, I got married and things just sort of settled into a pattern. Work, home, work, home. Blah blah blah. 

 Not that I have a boring life. My husband is wonderful, and my job is decent. I just felt like, maybe working out would give me more energy like I had in college. Just maybe. 

 So after I saw my husband off to work, I called my job at the pharmacy and took a personal day. A quick shower and quick blow dry of my long blonde hair and it was time to dress. The weather was warm and sunny so I chose a nice flowery sundress. Very modest, as I am with all things. Knee length, with cute straps and not very low cut. While I'm not huge up top, I do have enough to draw stares if I'm not careful. So I'm always careful. 

 Very demure bra under, thick with padding. And some modest panties. Some might call them granny panties but hey, I'm married. Besides, I'm not like other girls that wear skimpy things. 

 Some strappy sandals and I was all set. Just a touch of makeup. Just enough. The drive was pleasantly slow paced. Taking my time and enjoying my day away from work. Rarely do I miss work, even if I'm not feeling well, so I felt a bit naughty for calling in. Oh well, I'd make up for it at confession on Sunday. 

 Looking at the address Nicole had written I was able to easily find Dr. Kessler's office. In a nice part of town and very professional looking. I felt good about this and as I parked the car, I sent a quick text to Nicole thanking her. Her reply was instantly received with the message that I would thank her later. 

 So with a spring in my step I walked into the office. The waiting room was clean and soft music played as I went up to the front receptionist. 

 Smiling at the older lady I told her who I was and that I had an appointment. She smiled back matronly and told me to have a seat. Sitting down I noticed something a bit odd. There were no windows. Simply shrugging it off I assumed it was for the privacy of the people going in for hypnosis. Hypnotherapy. Whatever the proper term was. 

 "She's on her way Mistress," said Nicole on the phone. "I hope you find her to your liking," she continued. Feeling a pang of guilt for betraying her best friend. 

 "You have done well pet," Mistress Jane replied. "I think you're on your way towards redemption for that strip club fiasco," she continued. Her face a pure expression of delight as she watched Ashley enter her building on the closed circuit camera. 

 "Yes thank you Mistress," Nicole said, before hanging up. Still in awe at the circumstances that brought her, Ashley, and Mistress Jane together at this time. Ashley, her best friend since college. Mistress Jane, her dominatrix for the last year. Somehow convincing her to lure her best friend into her clutches. 

 Yes, Nicole pondered, what a strange twist of fate. At the same time, Mistress Jane Kessler thinking what an unbelievable set of coincidence that one of her very own pets happened to be the best friend of the sister of her newest addition. The lovely little miss big tits. Jenna. 

 "You may go back now dear," said the kindly receptionist. "Miss Kessler is ready for you," she added. As I stood I gave her a friendly smile and thanked her. Then I headed down the hallway. A short carpeted hallway leading to a single door. The brass plaque that read M. Jane Kessler. No honorific. No title. Very spartan. 

 I knocked on the door softly and heard a female voice say, "Enter." That was all. Not a single wasted word. Opening her office door and not knowing what to expect I was pleasantly surprised to find her office clean, neat, and very plush in every sense. The overstuffed sofa and the thick shag carpet very inviting. Soft new age music playing at a low volume. 

 Dominating the room was a large oak desk, behind which sat a tall, buxom, and raven haired beauty. Certainly not what I was expecting. Not someone so, flat out sexual looking. She stood and towered over me. Dominating the room and putting me at first a bit at ill ease. Then she smiled and I felt, comfortable. A bit more comfortable. She shook my hand and told me to have a seat, then she sat and we started talking. 

 We started with introductions, which were easy enough. Since she knew my best friend Nicole, she had some idea of why I was there. What I wanted to accomplish. As she handed me the usual medical waivers to look through and sign, Jane got up and started making tea in the little corner area. There was coffee and the usual office goodies. The tea brewing smelled a bit strange but I didn't want to offend her. 

 So when she offered a cup I smiled politely and took it. Sipping. It actually tasted good. Like mixed berries. With the paperwork all signed we made some small talk. She expressed interest in why I felt I needed to lose weight, how long I'd been married, family and church and such. The whole time taking notes. 

 

 As I finished my tea she asked if I was ready to begin. Adding that her techniques had worked wonders for Nicole and that she hadn't had a cigarette in months. Honestly I never even knew she smoked. All the years we were friends I never even saw her light up once. 

 I guess she must have been ashamed of the habit, since I was so straight laced. Clean living and all that. 

 I asked Jane if I should lay on the sofa or anything like that to help me relax and she only smiled and said I was fine in the chair I was in. It really did feel fine and comfy. 

 Almost too comfy, as I could feel my eyelids begin to droop. Heavy and sluggish, I felt I could barely keep them open. Sipping the last of the tea, I looked up at Jane, and she seemed to have a grin on her face. Taking out a crystal on a chain she held it up and let it swing in slow, pendulum fashion. Telling me to keep my eyes on it. Telling me to relax and let every muscle in my body loosen up. That came very easily. 

 Watching the pretty crystal I started to feel different. Sleepy yet, awake. Her soft voice soothing, and lilting. Almost musically lilting. My head began to drift and I was having trouble keeping a train of thought. Settling back in the plush chair, I kept my eyes moving, slowly back and forth. Following the crystal. Following. Watching. Dreaming... 

 With Ashley in her soft comfy chair, signing the waivers and releases, Mistress Jane Kessler grinned and made a special blend of herbal tea. A blend that made the drinker open to suggestion. Very open. 

 Stirring up the special ingredients and adding a touch of flavor, she glanced back and smiled. It seemed that the lovely Ashley was signing but not reading the small print. All the better. Little did she realize the waivers would come back to haunt her later. 

 Setting the tea down and encouraging Ashley to drink, Mistress Jane started to devise her plan. Having experience in hypnosis and hypnotherapy, Jane knew that combined with the tea, her techniques would easily bring the young blonde into her fold. She had yet to decide if she wanted Ashley to know what she was doing as she was doing it, knowing what that would do to her psyche. 

 Or perhaps she would leave her with no recollection of events. The look of shock on a subject's face while watching the video later was always priceless. Always. However, the agenda was firm in certain things. First and foremost was the planting of key words. Trigger words. Words that would bring the young Ashley immediately into a state of obedience. 

 Noticing the dreamy look on Ashley's lovely visage, Jane took out her favourite charm. The one she used on Nicole in fact. Swinging it and letting it sway, while coaxing Ashley to watch and focus on it. Jane soothed her with words, her voice taking a singsong quality. Leading her deeper into a trance state. The new age music interspersed with subliminal messages of obedience, submission, and subservience. 

 And within just a scant few minutes, Ashley was under. 

 Mistress Jane looked at Ashley, smiling. Grinning to herself. Standing up and walking around her desk to stand in front of the chair where Ashley was slumped. Looking down at her. 

 "Sit up straight Ashley," Mistress said. Immediately Ashley straightened up, sitting very prim and properly. 

 Grinning, Mistress then said,"It's time to learn what you are like. Three questions to start." 

 Ashley nodded and kept quiet. Her eyes glassy a bit and her face still. 

 "How big is your husband's cock? Is your pussy shaven? What size is your bra?" Mistress fired off. One question after another. 

 Ashley replied in turn, saying,"Almost six inches, no it's trimmed, 34c," with a monotone voice. This brought a smile to Mistress Jane's face as she could tell Ashley was now a puppet. 

 "Very good Ashley, I like the bra size. Let me have it," Jane then said. Some semblance of modesty remained and Ashley managed to unclasp and remove her bra from under her dress in a fluid motion. Handing it to Mistress Jane gently. 

 Putting aside the thick padded bra Mistress noticed the way Ashley's nipples poked through. Smiling, she then told Ashley,"I would like to see if the panties match Ashley. Hand them to me." 

 Ashley reached under her dress, wiggling. Jane smirked as she watched the panties slide down Ashley's legs and grinned as they were handed over. Putting them with the bra, she told Ashley,"From now on in my presence you address me as Mistress." 

 Ashley nodded and said,"Yes Mistress." Jane smiled at that and nodded to herself. 

 "I will be generous though girl," Jane said. "Only address me as Mistress when you're under my hypnotic spell. Otherwise Jane will suffice, understand?" 

 "Yes Mistress," Ashley replied. Looking straight ahead, Ashley sat quietly as Jane looked her over. Taking her chin in one hand, Jane told Ashley,"Stand up doll, let's have a look at you. Stand and take off your dress." 

 Ashley stood, and quietly took her dress off. Standing naked in front of the chair, wearing just her sandals and wedding ring. Her blonde hair in cute curls, her tits perky and upturned with puffy pink nipples. Her slit with a trimmed blonde bush. Just a few extra pounds gained since her cheerleading days. Her skin flawless and creamy. 

 As Jane looked over her body, smiling, she started to inspect. Lifting Ashley's tits, weighing them and tugging her nipples. Reaching down and feeling her pussy, slipping a finger in to test for tightness. Finally, wetting one finger with her mouth, reaching around, and slipping it up Ashley's virgin little bunghole. 

 "Yes you'll do just fine," Jane said with a grin. She then started to implant several suggestions and several behaviors in poor Ashley's mind. Her session lasted three hours... 

 Walking out of Jane's office I felt refreshed. Awake. Like I had just slept for a day or two. Smiling and with a bounce in my step I stopped to give the receptionist payment for my session. 

 "Your next session is already booked," she said as I handed her a check for $300. "The therapist wants you to come in once a week for at least a month, and if you can, maybe a weekend session," she continued. 

 "Yes Ma'am," I politely told her. Smiling at her as she gave me a receipt and a small card with the name of a salon. 

 "She also said you're to stop here, and tell them Dr. Kessler sent you, before you come back," she explained. "Don't worry, the cost is included in your session's fee," she finished with a smile. I smiled and felt at ease with her. She reminded me of someone but I couldn't quite place who. 

 As I left the office and headed to my car, I passed a guy cutting the grass. Some landscaper or gardening expert or some such thing. He smiled at me and I found myself smiling back, licking my lips slowly at him and wondering what his balls would feel like on my tongue. 

 This brought me to a complete halt. My face looking a bit surprised. Luckily he was already back at cutting the grass and didn't notice. But I did. Where did that thought come from. That was so not like me. I giggled and shrugged and went on my way. I would definitely say an extra prayer on Sunday for the sin of lust. 

 Suddenly I felt weak, thinking of being on my knees. Praying. In just panties and high heels. Struggling to get to my car I leaned against a light post. Shaking my head. Where were these thoughts coming from? 

 Shaking my head again I finally reached my sedan. Opening the door I sat behind the wheel. Panting. My breathing hard and fast. I shook my head again, closing my eyes, and at long last calmed down. 

 I shook my head once again, and left the parking lot. Driving. I can't say I remembered much of the drive, mostly I was trying to collect my thoughts and thinking I needed to get to my church and confess my lusty thoughts. Thoughts of sin and lust. A married woman shouldn't think such things. So as I stopped and turned off my car, I saw where these thoughts led me. I was parked in front of the Pink Partridge Salon. As I looked at the building, two scantily clad blondes walked out and walked past my car giggling. Taking no notice of me. Hair and nails newly done. 

 They didn't notice me, but I noticed them. Long tanned legs, ending in strappy heels. Both wearing impossibly short skirts. Both girls at least a D cup up top. I licked my lips slowly and wondered what their nipples would feel like against my tongue. 

 I shook my head again, trying to clear my thoughts. I bit my own lip and shook my head once again. Where...where were these horrible images in my mind coming from? It was a few days until church and I knew my confessions were adding up already. 

 With a shrug, I pushed those thoughts aside and headed into the salon. As I walked in I looked around. Unsure of what to do, as I'd never been in such a den of vanity. I could never understand why anyone but a prostitute would go to such effort to look so sexually attractive. I bit my lip at the thought. Prostitute. Getting paid for sex. Getting paid to let strangers have you. Strangers having you. God. 

 Shaking my head again, I took a deep breath. Trying to clear my thoughts as a beautiful blonde Asian girl came up and asked, "How may I help you?" 

 "I'm Ashley, and I was sent here by my therapist," I struggled to say. Looking into her eyes, and thinking. Thinking too much. Biting my lip and wondering what her lip gloss would look like smeared on my tits. Before I could think again, she said, "Oh right, Mistress Jane sent you. Hi, I'm Summer." 

 As her hand reached out and grazed my arm I heard myself gasp and felt weak in the knees. Her nails gave me goosebumps and I nearly swooned. Nearly. 

 "She sent word, and you're due for the full treatment," she said. She took my hand and led me towards a hallway in the back. As we walked, she leaned closer to me and whispered, "You're so pretty, just like your sisters. You must be heaven sent." 

 Mistress Jane smirked, as she watched Summer lead the now dazed Ashley to the sordid back rooms at the tattoo and piercing parlor. The cameras sending a live feed to her office. Reaching down, Mistress Jane gripped Nicole's hair tighter and pulled her mouth against her pussy. Nicole sucking and licking all over the wet slit. 

 "Your best friend is doing so good Nicole," Mistress Jane said. As she ground her pussy into Nicole's face. "Her therapy is already working wonders. Almost as good as your therapy did," she said. 

 "Here's your reward," Mistress Jane said, as she pulled Nicole's head back and tilted a bit up by her hair. Letting loose a stream of hot piss all over the lovely Nicole's face and hair. 

 "Thank you Mistress. Thank you," Nicole struggled to say, as her mouth filled with pee. All over her face, in her hair, soaking her dress. 

 Then Jane watched events unfold on the cameras. Ashley in her hypnotized state thinking she was in a hair and nail salon. Ashley in reality at a tattoo and piercing parlor on the bad side of town. The programming well set in Ashley's mind, as shes stripped and laid on her back in a padded chair. 

 Mistress Jane watching, as Ashley is given a Brazilian wax. Every single trace of hair taken off from her neck down. 

 Mistress Jane watching, as Ashley lays quietly and gets her puffy pink nipples pulled, tugged, twisted, then pierced. Each one getting a pink barbell. 

 Mistress Jane smiled and held Nicole's hair tighter, pulling Nicole's wet mouth back onto her dripping slit and commanding, "Eat," as she watched the first phase of Ashley's training. After her nipples are nicely pierced, the tattoo artist enters. 

 While Summer goes down and starts softly licking and kissing Ashley's now bald pussy, the man begins his process. On her left breast, Ashley is getting a small tattoo. Her first. A small rose, just where it would be visible with a low cut top and just over where a bra would cover it. 

 The entire time, Ashley in a hypnotic state, unaware of anything except the sensations on her clit. Mistress Jane's trigger words, heaven sent, having the effect of putting Ashley in a suggestive, compliant state. Also ensuring that Ashley will not achieve orgasm unless permission comes from Mistress herself. 

 After her little rose tattoo is complete, and looking lovely, the tattoo artist smiles, and Summer stands and moves away, wiping her chin. "Now for payment," he says, as he takes out his cock. Moving between Ashley's legs he pushes them apart, holding her knees and pushing them up. 

 Mistress watching on the live feed as he says,"I love young married pussy," while slowly sliding his cock into Ashley. Her only other cock in her entire life besides her husband's. 

 As she watches him start to fuck the newly pierced and tattooed Ashley, Mistress cums on Nicole's sucking mouth. With a stifled moan and biting her lip, her body flushed as she tenses up, she orgasms hard. Giggling, she tells Nicole,"I hope your best friend is on the pill." 

 Mistress Jane has such wonderful plans for Ashley. 

 Leaving the salon, I have to admit I felt a bit different. I don't know what came over me, but my hair looked the same. My nails were done nicely, a sweet pink color on my fingers and little toes. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 18 ****** bysubslutjenna© I'm not sure what compelled me to do it, but something did as I could feel my nipple piercings. Giggling to myself, I also felt my new tattoo, a sweet little rose. My husband was probably going to have a fit but whatever. I looked good. 

 I shook my head again, for the umpteenth time. It seemed lately I had cobwebs in there and couldn't think as clearly as usual. Maybe I was coming down with the flu or something. I don't know. As I drove home I squirmed a bit. For some reason I felt, wet? Squishy? I just needed a shower maybe. 

 Having the day to myself now, I got home, and made for the bedroom straight away. Stripping as I went. For some reason I couldn't wait to get naked. Leaving a trail of clothes up the stairs, my panties came off last. Jumping right into bed I got on my back, looking down at my body. The pink barbells and the pink rose tattoo looked so pretty. I smiled and bit my lip. Reaching down, I slowly started to rub. Thinking I had maybe an hour before my husband got home, my new pink nails danced over my newly bald slit. 

 "Mmmmm," I told myself. "I'm so wet already," I said, talking to myself as I slipped a finger in. My pussy was somewhat slimy, but I put it down to the crazy day I was already having. Pierced, tattooed, and waxed smooth. It was so unlike me. Along with the sexual thoughts in my mind all day. I was totally unaware I was so wet because I was full of the tattoo artist's sperm. 

 I started to really rub. Faster. My fingertips moving in tight fast circles over my clit. Some part of my mind was thinking I should get that pierced soon. Shaking my head, there began some turmoil in my thoughts. What was I doing? What was I thinking? 

 That didn't stop me though. My fingers kept rubbing my slit, all over. All over my clit. My hips raised and my back arched. I looked down at my tits and new nipple piercings and moaned in lust. Groaning, I tried to make myself cum. Without thinking I brought my slimy fingers to my mouth and sucked them clean. Then slipped them back into my juicy little cunt. 

 Rolling on my side, pulling my leg up I plunged two fingers in myself, licking my knee and kissing it as I finger fucked my tight pussy harder. Trying to cum. Wanting my orgasm so bad I was whimpering with need. 

 Then rolling over onto all fours, I put my head down and bit my pillow as I kept my fingers plunging wetly. On all fours. The naughty girl position. My husband had never had me in this way but here I was, masturbating and thinking about long thick cocks. What was coming over me? Why was I behaving like this. 

 I glanced up at the clock just in time to see I had only ten minutes before he came home. I had been masturbating for nearly an hour! Groaning in frustration I almost started crying. My orgasm so close but yet unobtainable. I had just enough time to take a quick shower. 

 I would keep my new look hidden from him, as much as possible. William would never understand. Maybe in the near future he would enjoy it. But right now, he didn't need to know. 

 Mistress Jane pulled Nicole up, after her third orgasm. Kissing her passionately and sucking on her tongue before smiling at her wet face. 

 "I am proud of how far you've come slut, and now I believe you're ready to return to stripping at the club. Don't you think?" Mistress Jane told her. Holding her chin. 

 "Yes Mistress, thank you. I'll do better at dancing, I promise. Please don't tell my family what I do every night?" Nicole pleaded. Her pouty eyes looking at her Mistress. 

 "Of course not slut, so long as you keep doing as you're told," Mistress Jane said to her. "Just remember, you fuck who I say, when I say, and we will do just fine," she finished. Punctuated with a deep slow kiss. 

 (To be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 19 ****** bysubslutjenna© Please enjoy this latest chapter and remember, it's complete fiction. 

 All similarities to actual people is pure coincidence. 

 

 

 

 This whole week has been a blur. Keeping my breasts hidden from my husband William has been a challenge but lucky for me, he hasn't initiated sex. Church on Sunday was also a challenge, what with these lusty thoughts that keep coming unbidden. 

 I don't know what has come over me. In confession, I tried to convey my guilty thoughts but all I could think of was being in the confessional naked and on my knees. It was horrible. 

 The worst part of my thoughts was the inability to have an orgasm. As much as I was masturbating-constantly-I couldn't bring myself to cum. My pussy was constantly wet it seemed, and all I kept thinking of was sex. 

 Maybe Dr. Kessler could help me with that too. It was becoming a hindrance at work, the constant lust. I didn't know what was in my mind all day but sex, sex, and then more sex. My nerves were shot, I was always wet, and even my best friend Nicole said I seemed different. 

 I hadn't seen much of her during the week, but when I did, I found myself looking at her body. Wondering how her tits would look covered in whipped cream or oil. I have never in my life thought about girls like that, and it was a little distressing. 

 So with all of this on my mind, I find myself here in Dr. Kessler's waiting room again. This time I was dressed differently though. It seemed I was a bit more daring, choosing to go with a knee length skirt, and a tight sweater. Of course sticking with the padded bra and modest panties. 

 While I waited I noticed the girl in front was a different receptionist. Gone was the pleasant older lady and in her place was a pretty young blonde. I bit my lip wondering for just a bit what she might have on under her dress. Then she told me the Doctor was ready for me and off I went. 

 "Have a seat there Ashley," Jane told me, as she pointed to a wooden arm chair in the center of her office. I wondered where the plush comfy chair was as I sat down. She already had a tea ready for me and as I sipped it, she started asking questions. How I felt during the week. If I was getting my exercise. How my body felt in terms of working out. 

 I didn't know what to say, so I told her the truth. I hadn't been to the gym all week. I had been so distracted with everything on my mind that I hadn't even thought about working out. Even more so, I hadn't even talked to my family all week. And that was completely out of character for me. My sister's and I keep in touch with regular calls and visits and such. 

 Sipping my tea and telling Dr. Kessler all of this, I started feeling my eyelids droop. I squirmed a bit on the hard wooden chair and shook my head a little to clear it. 

 "We certainly do need more sessions then," Jane said, as she frowned and made notes on a chart at her desk. "I thought you would need a bit more attention, as you seemed like the first session didn't really take," she continued. 

 As she stood and walked around in front of her desk, she asked, "And did you enjoy the salon treatment?" 

 I smiled, and I could feel myself blushing. Did she know about my piercing? My new tattoo? I struggled to answer, almost ashamed to admit that I did enjoy my new look, when she asked, "Wasn't it just heaven sent?" 

 Mistress Jane smirked as she said the trigger words. Watching the lovely Ashley slump down in a trance. The trigger and release words were working like a charm. As was the implanted notion that everything revolved around sex. Everyone she saw and talked to would instantly become a sex act in her mind. 

 She even took to the thought that her pierced nipples and tattoo were her own idea. That was so delicious. Mistress Jane rubbed her hands together and got ready for the second phase of Ashley's training. 

 Smirking, Mistress Jane said to Ashley,"Stand up slut, and strip, everything." Without a word, Ashley stood up and started to slowly undress. Handing each item to her new owner. Her new handler. Each article of clothing put in a pile on the floor until Ashley stood naked, wearing only her wedding ring. 

 "You are absolutely gorgeous," Mistress said with a smile. "Almost as lovely as your sister, little miss big tits," she added with a grin. "I can't wait to have you side by side that I might compare your naked bodies." 

 If Ashley was cognitive of what was being said, she gave no sign. Just standing still and quiet. Jane smiled and went back around the desk, taking an item from the top left drawer and walking back around to stand in front of Ashley. 

 "Open wide slut," she commanded, and Ashley quickly obeyed. Her cute little mouth wide open. The item was then put to Ashley's lips, a thick, long, suction cup based dildo. "Suck," was the only command given. 

 Ashley took it in her mouth, and began to suck it. Getting it wet. Gagging when it was pushed deep, slurping when she was spitting up. The whole thing was very sexual, and the only sounds were sucking, gagging, slurping, and Ashley's little whimpers of effort. 

 As Mistress Jane slowly pumped the dildo into Ashley's sucking mouth, spit dripped. All over the lovely tits Ashley was sporting. Drip drip dripping down her chin, her saliva making a mess and lubing up the thick rubber shaft. Finally, Mistress handed her the dildo and told her, "Stick that suction cup onto the chair slut." 

 Ashley, her cute face almost a blank and with spit dripping down her chin, took the rubber cock and with a quick stab, stuck it to to chair. Dead center. Right in the middle. The shaft shiny with spit. All eight thick inches and included in the bargain, the balls at the end. 

 "Now Ashslut, have a seat," said Mistress Jane, as she held Ashley's hips and guided her back onto the chair. As Ashley slowly lowered herself, Mistress Jane held the rubber cock and guided it to the slowly descending pussy. 

 Even in her hypnotic state, Ashley couldn't help but to groan as the thickness slowly penetrated her. Impaled her. All the way in, so slow as she took her seat. Finally, at long last, she sat all the way down. Not so prim and proper, while Mistress smirked and watched the slick dildo disappear. 

 Stepping back, with a grin, Mistress Jane looked down at Ashley, sitting and impaled on the thick cock. "A bit bigger than you're used to I think, but you'll get used to it. Now bounce a little." 

 At the command, Ashley started to bounce. Her tits bouncing in time as she moved up and down. "That's lovely," Mistress said, grinning. Ashley held the arms of the wooden chair and moved up and down, softly moaning, completely hypnotized and under the spell. 

 As she fucked herself, Ashley was again given several suggestions. Mistress Jane having decided not to collar her like her other pets, instead deciding on more permanent measures. Her pristine skin to become a canvas. And something of a piercing display, over time. 

 Once again, I paid my 300 dollars up in the reception office and was leaving my latest session. I felt sore down there, but couldn't imagine why. Leaving the office, I headed to the mall. A bit of shopping I think. Yeah, retail therapy. I felt a bit rested now, and was thinking if nothing else, the hypnotherapy was good for stress relief. 

 Before I got to the mall however, I stopped at the salon again. Something compelled me to. Sitting in the car, I looked at the front of the place. Then I made up my mind and went inside. Walking in slowly. Looking around, I saw the cute blonde Asian girl Summer. She waved and came over to me smiling, greeting me warmly with a hug. 

 "Back so soon?" she said as she kissed my cheek. I smiled and quietly nodded yes, kind of at a loss for words. She took my hand and led me to the back room. I couldn't help but feel like I had been there before, as we entered a small cubicle with a padded sort of table in the center. 

 I was hoping to get another manicure and maybe something done with my hair, but kept quiet as Summer closed the door. I was about to ask why there was a table there when she whispered, "Heaven sent." 

 Mistress Jane sat back, and watched the live feed from the tattoo parlor. As Summer put Ashley in her hypnotic trance, then stripped her perky young body completely naked. While stripping Ashley, she took liberties with her body. Her hands everywhere, her fingers everywhere. Ashley responding quite nicely now, kissing Summer and sucking on her tongue. This time it was different. Ashley made out with her as she was helped up onto the padded table. Summer smiled and prepped Ashley, by rubbing her clit in tight fast circles until it was swollen and purple. Then the same man as before entered, while Mistress Jane watched with a smile. 

 The triggers and suggestions were working like a charm on the lovely Ashley, and she probably thought it was her own idea to get her clit pierced. Her own idea to get another tattoo. And her own idea to use her tight little pussy to pay for it. 

 After getting a lovely new clit ring, Ashley watched as Summer stripped. Her glassy eyes and cute mouth upturned in a lovely little smile as Summer climbed on the table. Climbed on the table and slowly lowered her slit to Ashley's mouth. Telling Ashley to suck her. The only sounds after were the sucking and slurping noises in couterpoint to the tattoo gun's buzzing. 

 She continued to suck on Summer's wet pussy, slurping on it even as the tattoo artist finished up, cleaned her, then slid his cock into Ashley's tight married pussy. For twenty minutes this went on. Summer having two orgasms under Ashley's inexperienced cunnilingus. While watching Ashley get slowly and deeply fucked. This time, he pulled out and filled her cute little belly button with his sperm. Making a nice little pool. 

 Finally home, exhausted and carrying several shopping bags, I plopped down on the sofa. I didn't know what came over me. My body was so sore and I felt sort of dazed. My clit was feeling the new little ring and the new tattoo was a bit irritated as well. And for some reason I felt sticky all over. 

 Once again I stopped at the Pink Partridge just for a quick manicure and wound up getting just a bit more. I pulled my skirt down to look at it. The new tattoo. A rose on my hip, pink, just like the one on my breast. I still wasn't sure how I was going to hide it from William, my husband, but one thing I was sure of was he wouldn't understand. 

 Part of me considered just showing him, in the shower. Another part of me considered showing a few of the guys at work first, to get their opinion. Then it hit me. Why not send Jenna a pic? She would surely tell me if I was being naughty, or if what I was doing was acceptable. 

 So I headed upstairs to the bedroom, and started undressing. As I slipped my panties off, they peeled away with a bit of stickiness. I giggled and thought maybe it was something they used when I got the clit piercing. I ran a brush through my blonde curls and put on some makeup. A bit heavy. More than I normally would. 

 I looked in the mirror. My curvy little body and my pale skin nearly blemish free. The two pink rose tattoos on my left breast and right hip standing out. My lovely little pink nipples with the cute pink barbells were at attention. Reaching down, I opened my outer pussy lips a bit to see the new ring. It was also pink and very shiny. My clit swollen. I didn't really notice the somewhat crusty bit of stuff dried in my belly button, but I did manage to think that would be my next piercing. 

 Getting my phone, I started taking selfies. First a rather simple one. Frontal in the mirror. Then another, hips cocked and one leg out, toes pointed to the floor. Then a few more, very sexy mirror selfies. Bent over showing cleavage. Squatting down with my knees spread far apart. With effort, I managed one in full cheerleader splits. Just barely. Then I looked over at the bed. 

 I was thinking maybe a few, laying down. Jenna would need a few to decide if I looked good or not. So I set up a camera and started. It was really a fancy digital number, and I could set a timer and other things on it. It took a few minutes to remember how to use it. And a few more minutes to rememeber how to set up the tripod. But finally it was ready. 

 With the camera set to take a picture every ten seconds, I crawled onto the bed. The lens pointing at the middle of my mattress and at the very edge of the bed. The flash set. Bang. 

 The first one? Kneeling with my knees apart, holding my tits up to show my nipple piercings. The next one? Still on my knees but back on one arm, my free hand opening my slit to show my clit ring. Then a few on my back, knees pulled up and apart. Then I rolled over. A few pictures on all fours from behind. The last one with me smiling and looking over my shoulder at the camera. Then one really daring one. My head down, ass up, with two fingers inserted deep in my cunt. 

 Before I could say what happened, suddenly I had a half hour masturbation session captured in pictures at ten second intervals. My body was glistening with the effort of trying to orgasm, yet it remained just out of reach. I was whimpering and nearly sobbing in frustration. 

 So it was that I angrily loaded the pictures onto a flash drive and loaded them onto my laptop. My wet fingers tapping at the keyboard, leaving the keys slimy as I sent all the pictures to my own phone. Then my wet fingers making my phone slimy as I sent all of them to my sister Jenna. Hoping she could be objective and give me an honest opinion. 

 Then it was off to the shower, and time to get ready for dinner with my husband. For some reason this annoyed me, and I kind of wanted to go back to the Pink Partridge for some more pampering. But that would have to wait. 

 When I got out of the shower, my phone was ringing. Picking it up, I didn't recognize the number but answered anyways. "Hello?" I said. The voice at the other end said only two words. 

 "Heaven sent." 

 As soon as Jane said the words, Ashley went into her trance, letting her towel drop and standing naked. Of course Ashley didn't know it, but everything that went to Jenna's phone also went to Mistress Jane's. Everything. 

 "I really like the photo shoot Ashley," Jane told her. The pictures clear and in high definition. Ashley in several sexual poses then a series of her masturbating on her marital bed. "I wasn't planning on it, but we might just make you a star. Now wouldn't you like that?" she asked. 

 In her conditioned state Ashley could only reply, "Yes Mistress," as the thoughts of large cocks came unbidden into her pretty little head. 

 As if on cue, Mistress Jane asked her,"What are you thinking about Ashley?" Without hesitation Ashley answered, lustfully,"Big, juicy, hard cock Mistress." 

 "Good girl Ashley, and what about your husband?" Jane asked. Her implanted behaviors were still new and she wanted to test Ashley to see if they had taken hold yet. 

 "His cock is too small and doesn't satisfy me at all Mistress," Ashley replied. That brought a smirk from Mistress Jane. "And whenever you do give me permission to fuck my husband it will be boring and unpleasant, like a chore Mistress," Ashley went on. Surpassing even Mistress Jane's hopes. 

 "Good girl," Mistress Jane said, grinning. "And how do you feel about girls?" she asked. As she talked with Ashley and questioned her, her hand was in her panties. Jane laying in bed, only wearing panties, giving her clit a nice slow rub while watching a video of Ashley's sister Jenna. The video of her and Max in fact. 

 "When I see a cute girl, I wanna taste her pussy and suck on her tits, Mistress. I want to submit my body to her completely and be her plaything. No matter who she is Mistress. I am bisexual and very horny for girls Mistress," Ashley said. Even though in her normal state she didn't fancy women in that way at all. Would never even think of it. 

 "Thats wonderful Ashley," Mistress Jane told her. "You're doing so good, I think you should be rewarded." Jane started thinking of something good, then asked Ashley the one question she really hoped was answered correctly. 

 "And what, Ashley, do you think of your sister Jenna?" 

 The pause, the hesitation Ashley had before answering made Mistress hold her breath. Her fingers never stopped though. The tips rubbing her wet clit in slow circles. Her legs apart and her feet flat on the bed, knees bent, stiff nipples lovely and dark as she slowly masturbated. 

 Quietly, Ashley finally answered. "She's hot. I love her sexy body, and I can't wait for you to watch us in bed together. Having sex in front of you. I can't wait until you allow me the pleasure of tasting her pussy Mistress!" Ashley exclaimed at the end. With a gasp. 

 This also brought a gasp from Jane, as the words brought her to quick orgasm. Her back arched and her big tits bouncing with her tremors. She orgasmed without anything but her first gasp, and rubbed quick circles on her slit as she coaxed herself through it. 

 "Good good girl," Jane said once she calmed down a little. Her fingers now wet and sticky with her juices. "I can't wait to see that too, and very soon I will," she continued. "Now did you do your shopping as instructed?" sher asked. 

 "I did Mistress," Ashley replied. Her shopping list was long and detailed. Starting off with several new bras. Sheer skimpy ones in several different colors and styles. But all sheer enough to display nipples. And nipple piercings. Then she purchased several new things to wear in bed. Corset, teddy, several garter belts and stockings, all in pink. The general theme was actually pink with only a few red or black variations. 

 Follow all that with panties. Skimpy ones. Thongs, g-strings and the like. All very skimpy, and all quite sheer. The kind of panties Ashley would never have considered wearing. Like ever. 

 A few special items in the bag as well. Fishnet stockings, lace bodysuit, some lace gloves and some frilly little ankle socks. Ashley had spent a small fortune and it was a good thing her job was well paid. Pharmacists don't come cheap, but Ashley soon would. 

 The last items were the best. Several skimpy and tight dresses. Very revealing. Along with those, she also purchased a few small skirts, very tight as well. Some tight tops along with blouses that were low cut. The emphasis on all this was to be revealing, sexual, and mostly pink or pink and white. 

 Then of course were the high heels. All of them very high and very sexy. Spike heels, stilettos and even little ankle boots. A strappy shiny sexy mess. Her shopping spree was just the first of many to come and Ashley loved every minute, even if she didn't realize it wasn't really her idea but her new Mistress doing her thinking for her. 

 "Good Ashley," Mistress Jane said. I want you to put on a skimpy dress and some high heels, and meet me at the Pink Partridge in an hour. No bra but wear some panties. New ones. Understand?" 

 "Yes Mistress," was all Ashley said. Then Jane spoke the release words and disconnected the call. 

 After I set the phone down I looked at my naked body in my bedroom's full length mirror. My long blonde curls needed refreshing and I decided a quick shower was in order. I had an hour to be at the Pink Partridge and my husband would be home in two hours. My brain was a jumble of thoughts but I knew I needed to get ready quickly. 

 So a quick shower, and a quick rub to try and sneak in at least one orgasm. To no avail. My frustration was escalating and I really needed some relief soon. I really wasn't sure what I was doing as I brushed my blonde hair and put on my makeup. Once again very heavy lipstick and eye shadow. All in pink and glitter. Looking at myself in the mirror I actually thought I looked fuckable. Giggling as I posed a few times. Picking out a cute pink thong, I stopped before I slipped it on. Something in my head. Oh yes, that song. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 19 ****** bysubslutjenna© But first, it went, let me take a selfie. And that's what I did. A few selfies actually. Naked at first. Then just in my panties. Then I picked out one of my new dresses. A cute little pink and white minidress. Strapless and tight. Very short, showing off plenty of leg and cleavage. A few more selfies then I slipped on my new little ankle boots. Black patent leather with four inch heels. Very cute. A few more selfies and it was time to go. As I got in my car and drove to the Pink Partridge I was a very bad girl. Posting my new selfies onto my FB page. Not the indecent ones mind you. Just the ones of me in my dress. Legs apart and bending down so my cleavage was popping out. 

 I didn't think there was anything wrong with that. Unless you think being on social media while driving is bad. I know it is, and I felt guilty about it, so I put my phone down and slapped myself on the wrist with a giggle. Just ahead was my destination. The Pink Partridge salon. Maybe just a small tattoo. Or maybe a new piercing. Maybe both? 

 I got out of my car and walked to the entrance, mincing a bit in my new high heeled ankle boots. I wasn't quite used to walking in such high heels and it added a bit of a wiggle to my step. A passing car whistled at me and I giggled and waved as they went by. Then I entered the Pink Partridge. 

 The first thing I noticed was that Summer wasn't up front like usual. There was some cute little blonde but not Asian Summer. She smiled at me and waved a little. I mean, she was really cute. Nearly naked in a tiny dress. Even tinier than mine. 

 "They're ready for you in the back, Ashley," she said to me. As she made a note on her desk. "They said it's okay if you leave your dress here with me too," she told me as she giggled a little. It sounded like it was the right thing to do, and so I wiggled out of my dress and handed it to her. 

 She smiled and I walked towards the back, just wearing my tiny little pink panties and ankle boots. My naked breasts didn't even cross my mind. It also didn't cross my mind that I had a sexy sway in my hips. Since my hypnotherapy began a lot of things didn't cross my mind much I suppose. 

 I entered the only open door and there she was. Dr. Kessler, sitting on a stool with her long legs crossed and wearing a tailored skirt and a lab coat. The setting was a bit different I noticed, as there was now a bed. Just a bed and the padded table from earlier was gone. 

 "Well look who it is," she said, smiling as I walked in. Her eyes all over my nearly naked body. Pointing to the bed she said, "Have a seat doll, and put your hair up with this." Handing me a pink velvet scrunchie. "Put it in a high ponytail," she said, and I obeyed as I sat down. 

 "I think your therapy is coming along nicely Ashley," she said as she took out a clipboard. "I've extended your day today to test your knowledge of a subject," she continued. Making notes. I wasn't aware but she hadn't put me in a trance. I was just going on the implanted suggestions from her earlier therapy sessions. 

 "Make yourself comfortable Ashley, and while we wait for your test partner, tell me how you're doing at work, and how you feel about your new body," she suggested. 

 I told her things, like how I was was having trouble focusing at work because I was horny all the time. And how I was making mistakes. And how I was in trouble at work because of it. 

 Then I told her I loved my new body. Her sessions worked wonders already and I was loving how I looked. The new tattoos and the piercings were just amazing, and I even loved being waxed smooth now. She made notes and remarked how my progress was good. I even forgot how my body was on display for her as we chatted. 

 "Oh good, you're here," she said, interrupting me. I looked up and walking in the door was a muscular god. I gasped and my mouth just dropped. A tall, blonde man stood there. Naked and every part of him solid muscle. And I mean solid. My eyes couldn't resist looking down and nestled between his legs was a solid muscle as well. His cock, long and hard, was completely shaven. Every inch exposed. My head nearly exploded with sudden lust and naughty thoughts. Me, a married and religious good girl, and all I could think was how that cock would taste. I didn't notice but Dr. Kessler was smirking and looking at my reaction. 

 

 "Try to contain yourself Ashley, I know he's heaven sent," was all she said. 

 Jane smiled as Ashley went into her trance. It was time for more conditioning, and more of her bimbo training. She delighted in the process. Turning this lovely married woman, from her good girl life to a complete bimbo life. The key word being bimbo. 

 Slowly using hypnosis to sap her intelligence, replacing her thoughts with thoughts of lust, and not much else. It brought Jane glee, to hear how it was affecting her job and her home life. And this was just the beginning. 

 She beckoned the man closer, her friend a very handsome German. Very fit and extremely well hung. Ten inches at least, on a good day. The best part was he would do anything for her. Jane helped him get through college and he always said he would be there for her. 

 "Ashley, I'd like you to meet Hans. He will be your partner for this session," she said by way of introduction. The hypnotic trance allowed Ashley only to say hello and smile. Continuing, Jane told her, "I know you've had a very long day but I'll send you home to your husband soon. This won't take too long and it's a very important part of your therapy, understand?" 

 "Yes mistress," was all Ashley could say. Her glassy eyes focused only on the man in front of her, her mouth hanging slightly open. Sitting on the edge of the bed wearing just her skimpy pink panties and high heeled ankle boots, Ashley looked very cute to Hans, and he sneered down at the pretty young blonde wife. 

 "What we are going to do now Ashley, is train you to understand what cheating is. What adultery is and how you will be able to recognize it," Jane explained as Ashley was helped to her feet by Hans. "You probably have some ideas what cheating on your husband entails, but by the end of this session you will have a better understanding of exactly what that is," she finished. 

 "Hans, you may begin, and Ashley, after each exercise I'll ask if you're cheating and you will answer, then I'll either correct you, or confirm your answers, understand?" As she asked that, Hans pulled Ashley close to him and kissed her passionately. Even in her heels Ashley had to tiptoe as their tongues swirled together, Hans easily towering over her at well over six feet tall. 

 "I..I understand Mistress," Ashley stuttered, as Hans broke the kiss. "And that kiss was cheating?" she ventured. Jane slipped from Dr. Kessler to Mistress Jane as she produced a riding crop, smacking Ashley across the ass with it. "That's how you know you're wrong," Mistress Jane told her as Ashley winced in pain. 

 "Try again," Mistress Jane commanded, and this time, Ashley tiptoed, pressing her nearly naked body against Hans as she kissed him passionately. Her tongue swirling with his. As she broke the kiss she smiled, and said,"Not cheating." 

 "Good girl," said Mistress Jane with a smile. "Hans, the next test if you will please," she told the blonde Adonis. His reply was so thick with a Bavarian accent that even Ashley looked confused. Giggling, Mistress told him,"Oh just be a dear and don't speak, Hans." That brought a smile to his face and a wink towards Ashley. 

 Ashley smiled back, and the next phase of her training began in earnest... 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 20 ****** bysubslutjenna© Thank you for reading this latest chapter. I hope you enjoy it and as always, we are all adults in this tale and any similarities to anyone are purely coincidence. 

 Also, these two timelines are about a week apart this time, with Ashley about a week ahead of Jenna. 

 ***** 

 So after my night with that older man, at Mistress Jane's instruction, I had a day to relax. I spent my time trying to recover and finally catch my breath a little. My whole world had been turned upside down since I met her and became something of a pet. I guess pet would be the nice way of saying it. 

 For a few hours I could just relax and not worry about things, and I used that time to sleep and rest up. It never even occurred to me to think of a way out of my predicament. That's how disoriented I was at the time. 

 I lazily laid in a lame sort of laughably lethargic lying down state for the whole next day. Playing with my phone and eating a snack. It seemed that some canned peaches were the only food I could trust wasn't tainted by her evil influence, and even at that I checked every bite for semen. It would've been no shock to find her hand in the cannery or some such nonsense. Such was my belief in her diabolical plots. 

 Of course it didn't last. Why would it? I received her text as the clock struck midnight. Ugh. Couldn't she ever do anything without being dramatic? Once again, as if reading my thoughts her text read: Hello little miss big tits. All the drama aside, don't forget to get your old waitress job back tomorrow, and that guy you hated is to be your new cockteasing victim for now. I'll be working on a new project for a few days so tomorrow night put on outfit number 12 from your closet. You're going to be polishing knobs for the night with a friend of mine. Have fun. Mistress xoxo. 

 Polishing knobs? What in the name of all that's good could that mean? With a sigh, I went to the closet and took out the box she designated. Opening it I thought maybe it was some sort of Halloween thing. Even though it wasn't that time of year, what else could it be? 

 I took out a very skimpy little maid uniform. Fishnet stockings, garter belt, apron and there was even a little hat. 

 That explains the knob polishing. I would be cleaning all night. In my time at Mistress Jane's place I saw a maid on occasion but her uniform was nothing like this one. Black satin with a lace up front that would expose my body right down the middle. And a ruffled skirt that wouldn't hide my garters and stocking tops. And heels so shiny I could see my reflection. Oh well. At least it wasn't sleeping with strangers. 

 I had some time before all this so I decided to take a quick shower. As the water sprayed over my body I remembered my instructions and made it a sexy type thing. Very soapy and very sensual. My hands rubbing, caressing, squeezing my body all over. Soft moans and such. Rinsing the conditioner from my long blonde hair I decided to look for the camera. Of course, there it was, right above the shower head. Another one under the faucet. Tiny little things that must've cost a fortune. 

 Stepping out and wrapping a towel around me I sauntered over to the laptop. The new one supplied by Mistress Jane. It opened to my website, my homepage I guess. There were a few new videos and one was the shower I just took. With a sigh I clicked on it and sure enough, not ten minutes had passed and there I was enjoying a sexy warm shower. All on my lovely new website. Looking at the member list I was relieved to see only Becca still, but there was at least 100 new requests to join. Sigh. 

 Well I had all day now to go to the restaurant where I used to work and beg, plead, and maybe suck for my waitress job back. I only hoped the idiot that used to bother me had been fired. Hopefully. Or else I was going to probably end up sleeping with him just to make Mistress Jane happy. Lovely. 

 I decided to make a bit of effort for my attempt, and decided a dress and high heels would probably be useful in my endeavor. Looking through my closet at the new wardrobe graciously provided by Mistress Jane there was no shortage of skimpy dresses. I picked one out, a strapless little green number that couldn't be worn with a bra. Some skimpy little panties, and a pair of green high heeled pumps, and I was dressed for success. 

 I knew if the same management was at the restaurant I would have no problem getting my job back. And I was right. 

 Hans lifted Ashley easily and set her down on the bed. With a smile he lifted her legs as Miss Jane got on the bed next to her. Holding each ankle in turn, Hans slid Ashley's little ankle boots off. Tossing them aside. 

 "Is that cheating?" Mistress Jane asked. Running the crop over Ashley's breasts slowly. Teasing her nipples and tracing the pink rose tattoo there. Gently flicking the pink barbells adorning her pink nipples. 

 "No Mistress, that isn't cheating," Ashley replied, smiling up at the god in front of her. With a smirk, Mistress Jane nodded and smiled down at the pretty young housewife. 

 Continuing to run his hand up her leg, Hans reached her center and slowly rubbed Ashley's pussy through her skimpy panties, leaning down to kiss her hard and deep. Wetly. With a ton of tongue. After the kiss broke, Ashley merely whimpered and said, "Not cheating." 

 That brought another smile and nod of approval from Mistress Jane. Ashley on her back, her ankles on the muscular shoulders of the German adonis standing over her. She could only bite her lip as he slid his thumbs under the strings on Ashley's hips and slipped her panties down her legs and off, so slowly. 

 "I find the removal of a woman's panties to be so erotic, especially if it isn't her husband removing them, don't you Ashley?" Mistress Jane asked, as Hans gave her Ashley's panties. She felt the silky material for wetness and wasn't disappointed. 

 Hypnotised by Mistress Jane, and by the muscular man holding her ankles, Ashley could only reply with a nod. Her naked body being devoured by the eyes upon her. Putting aside the panties Miss Jane smiled and stroked Ashley's face. 

 "Now for the next test pretty bimbo, and this is an important one. An oral exam if you will," she said with a giggle and a nod to Hans. He nodded back as he knelt at the end of the bed, pushing Ashley's thighs open and up. His tongue flicking over her newly bald slit and over the piercing on her clit. 

 Ashley gasped and squirmed on the bed, as Hans ran his tongue up and down the length of her bald slit. Then she gasped again, as he sucked on her outer lips, drawing her inner lips out. 

 "That is..cheating Mistress," she managed to stutter. With a frown Mistress Jane gave each of Ashley's stiff pink nipples a slap with the crop. Then another on each nipple just for good measure, making Ashley squeal in pain. 

 "Wrong answer bimbo, he is only kissing you, and that's not cheating," Miss Jane scolded, with another hit of the crop on each of Ashley's nipples. Making her squeal, as Hans kept his relentless sucking of her pussy without missing a lick. 

 "Yes Mistress, ohhh yes it's not cheating," Ashley managed to gasp out. As Hans went to work, holding Ashley's thighs firmly up and open, Miss Jane smirked and watched, biting her lip and feeling her own juices start to flow. 

 For the next ten minutes, the only sounds filling the room were the sucking, slurping noises of a wet bald pussy being devoured. Hans was voraciously licking, sucking, and tongue fucking Ashley, and her squealing yelps and bucking hips were a good indication of his oral skills. 

 "I'm feeling generous bimbo, so for the rest of this lesson, I allow you to orgasm as much as you want," Mistress Jane said with a sneer. Ashley looked up at her, with a pout of pure pleasure on her pretty face and moaned out a long,"Oooohhhh thank you Mistress." 

 Miss Jane smiled down and ran the crop over Ashley. Up and down her pristine white torso lightly as Hans continued to eat the delicious treat laid out in front of them. With a squeal, Ashley gripped his head and squeezed with her thighs as she experienced her first orgasm. Yelping and trembling. 

 Giving her no break, Mistress Jane held the crop to Ashley's trembling chin and asked, "Is it cheating now that you've cum bimbo?" Ashley's back arched and her perky and newly pierced breasts jiggling with each tremor of her body. 

 "N...not cheating Mistress?" Ashley replied, her tone one of question rather than conviction. Relaxing her grip, her firm thigh grip on Hans' s head as he slurped her juices. Merely smiling, Mistress Jane allowed Ashley the privelege of sucking the end of the riding crop and nodded her head in affirmation. 

 "Good girl," Miss Jane said, continuing with, "You're a fast study, now let's see if you can keep the correct answers coming." 

 With a giggle at her own pun, she motioned Hans up. As he stood, his face shiny and wet, he pushed Ashley's legs up and towards her head. More and more until her ankles were pressed against her ears and her body was bent in half. His thick cock resting heavily against Ashley's bald and glistening slit. Teasing her for just a bit, before letting her legs go and allowing Ashley to lay flat and breathless. 

 "Now don't toy with him bimbo, it's only polite to return the favor don't you think?" Mistress Jane asked Ashley. Taking her hand and helping her to sit up. Hans stood with a grin as suddenly his one eyed snake was staring right at Ashley. 

 In her hypnotic state, Ashley could only look up at him, giving him a weak smile. Nodding yes. Biting her lip. Reaching up and holding the long thick cock with her left hand. Her wedding ring sparkling, Ashley kissed the tip of his cock and then wrapped her lips around it. 

 Mistress Jane grinned and got up, going to her bag to fetch a camera. She wanted this in high definition for later review. Perhaps with Jenna, or maybe even to post online. Ashley didn't have her own website yet, but married bimbos are always popular online. 

 Sitting on the end of the bed, Ashley started to suck. Her inhibitions lost in her hypnotized state, completely forgetting she was a married, religious, educated young wife as she eagerly slurped down the thick shaft in her hand. Her legs still wantonly spread and her spit dripping down onto her tits. All captured by the camera Mistress Jane held. 

 Her blonde head started to bob, up and down, accompanied by the slurping sucking noises of a wet sloppy blowjob. Each time her warm wet mouth slid down, it slid down another inch. The subconscious programming implanted by Mistress Jane's hypnosis causing Ashley to try to deepthroat without her realizing it. 

 Holding Ashley by the hair and pulling her mouth off the hard cock, Mistress Jane ran the crop across her pretty face and asked, "Is giving a blowjob cheating?" Sneering down at the spit dribbling down Ashley's chin and at her gasping for breath, her tits moving up and down in time to her panting. 

 "I don't think it is Mistress," Ashley managed to answer between gulps of air. "If him eating my pussy isn't cheating, then me giving oral isn't either," Ashley answered. Her voice actually having a confident note of confirmation to her slight consternation. Somewhere in her hypnosis addled bimbo brain, Ashley knew deep down it was. In her previous life, just a few days ago even, merely looking at another man sexually was a grave sin. The cheating was defined by simply lusting, wanting, desiring anything with anyone other than her husband. But now? She wasn't so convinced, as she could still taste precum on her two front teeth. 

 That's about the time Mistress Jane said, "Good girl, now lay on your back and we will complete the testing." 

 Sure enough, my little job interview went smoothly. As smoothly as my long legs in the little dress I was wearing. My long flawless legs in heels that the manager couldn't keep his eyes off of for even the few minutes he was asking my availability to work. He was stressing the word available and I'm pretty sure he meant if I was available. I would keep that little bit to myself, as I'm sure if Mistress Jane knew he was interested I would be in his bed before my first paycheck. 

 As I left the restaurant to go home, I noticed it. That little junky car that told me Brad still worked in the kitchen. With a sigh, I gave a bit of a pout and true to form my phone rang. Taking it out I pressed answer, and of course it was Mistress Jane. I didn't even need to say hello when she said, "How is the job hunting going little miss big tits?" 

 I described everything I was doing and how I was once again a gainfully employed waitress and finished, at her request, with a description of what I was wearing. Her next questions had to do with if I had to suck cock for my job and if that same guy I hated still worked there. Her disappointed tone at my lack of fellatio was replaced with a giggle when she heard that Brad indeed still worked there. After that I was asked if I saw him and I told her I only saw his car. 

 "Good then little miss big tits, here's where we start," she said cheerfully. "Go to his car, and use your lipstick to write your phone number on his windshield, and seal it with a kiss," she said. 

 With a sigh, I walked over to his little car and took out my red lipstick. Blowjob lipstick. Cocksucker lipstick. Writing my number and my name on his windshield as small as I could, then bending over and giving a perfect lipstick kiss at the end. For good measure adding an xoxo. I don't even know why. 

 After I did this I told her it was done. "Let's make sure he gets the message now pet," Mistress Jane said. I could almost hear her smirking over the phone, such was her tone of voice. "Take off your panties and leave them on his car pet, then you're free to go home and prepare for tonight." 

 She didn't even say goodbye as the connection went dead. Looking around first, I reached up under my dress and slid my panties down and off. Wishing I hadn't worn such a short dress, I leaned over and left my panties under his window wiper right by my number. Before I could undo it I walked away, and headed for home to prepare for my night of polishing knobs and whatever other cleaning Mistress had planned for me. 

 After I was at home for a bit, I decided to get ready. Stripping down to nothing, I took out my clothes for the night. Sitting on my bed I slid the fishnet stockings on. Slowly and carefully, to make sure the seam in the back was perfect. Im not sure why I was making such an effort, assuming I was doing maid work and whatnot. Then I clipped on the black satin garter belt and attatched the garters to the tops of the stockings. Checking to make sure everything was aligned and perfect. Earlier I had looked for panties and of course, there weren't any. Whatever. 

 Once satisfied I was properly stockinged, I wiggled the uniform on. It was a tight fit, and my breasts stretched the top quite nicely. Adjusting my bosom, I carefully laced up the front. It was split all the way down to my navel and left a fair amount of pale flesh visible. Looking in the mirror, I giggled at how inappropriate this uniform was for cleaning, but whatever. If I was only going to be polishing knobs and maybe cleaning a bit, I would be just fine. 

 I finished up dressing with tying the satin apron on. For some reason it was red not white. Then I placed the lacy hat on my head. Looking in the mirror I nodded. Sexy, sultry, and as slutty as a maid could possibly get. Now it was just a waiting game for Mistress Jane to pick me up or tell me where I would be cleaning. I hoped she would provide the supplies like, metal polish? Soap? I couldn't imagine what a maid would use to polish knobs. 

 I didn't have long to wait. 

 As Hans mounted Ashley she grimaced for just the space of a deep breath. Her previous encounters with the tattoo artist notwithstanding, Ashley had never been mounted by any man other than her husband William, and the experience was telling. 

 Mistress Jane held her breath, expecting protest but none was forthcoming. So with a smile, she ran her hands down Ashley's tummy and rubbed her slit gently. Pressing her fingers against the new clit ring there. Then rubbing it in slow circles to make Ashley softly moan. 

 "Hans, the tip if you will," Mistress Jane suggested. And eager to comply, eager to use this married bimbo, Hans placed the tip of his ten inch monster to Ashley's slit and pressed in. Just the tip. Making her gasp at his bulbously thick crown. Making Mistress Jane giggle. 

 "That's not cheating is it bimbo?" she asked Ashley, all the while rubbing her clit slowly for her. "It's just the tip, and just the tip isn't cheating is it?" she continued. Hans moved just the tip in and out, just an inch. Then held his shaft and moved his tip in circles inside the threshold of Ashley's married pussy. 

 "No...no Mistress, it's not cheating if it's just the tip," Ashley gasped in agreement. Her nails on her own tits digging in, mad with lust now. Her hypnosis reaching its pinnacle and her body completely in Jane's thrall. "If he's only using the tip, it couldn't possibly be considered cheating on my husband Mistress," Ashley went on. The logical part remaining in her brain trying to reconcile what she was doing now. 

 This went on for a good ten minutes or so. Ashley squirming, Hans teasing with his tip, and Mistress Jane working Ashley's clit until it was swollen, purple, and pouting out of its hood. 

 "It's just the tip bimbo, would you like more?" Mistress Jane asked, as she pinched Ashley's clit with her fingertips. Making Ashley squeal. Making her gasp. Making her nod her head yes. 

 "But isn't that cheating bimbo?" Mistress Jane asked while giggling, still teasing the quivering clit with her fingertips. At this point even Hans was groaning, his tip teasing Ashley but also teasing him. Taking every last bit of his self control not to just plunge into the wet pussy he was slowly teasing with the tip of his thickness. 

 "Yes...yes Mistress that would be cheating but...oohhh fuck...please..please let him fuck me!" Ashley begged. Trying to push her hips up to get more of the cock inside her. Moaning with lust and moaning with desire, her hypnosis not even a factor for a woman begging to be plowed. 

 "Give me your ring Ashley," Mistress Jane commanded, holding out her hand. Ashley worked her engagement and wedding bands off, handing them to Mistress Jane quickly. Her eyes pouting up at Hans and her legs wrapped around his muscular shoulders. Putting the rings aside, Mistress Jane giggled and held Ashley's chin, looking into her eyes. 

 "Now it's not cheating bimbo," she said. Putting her hand around Hans onto his back and forcing his hips forward. Causing him to bury all ten inches into Ashley at once. Causing her to scream. Causing them to start fucking with wild abandon. Hans plunging every inch in and out of Ashley's tight married pussy over and over again. 

 Ashley had never felt so full, and she couldn't help but to squeal and moan and writhe about under Hans like a madwoman. For his part, Hans was loving the tight married pussy gripping his cock and holding it like a silken glove with each thrust. Mistress Jane was loving every bit of it, her smile wide from ear to ear as she recorded the defiling of the beautiful young wife. 

 Moving up on the bed, higher up on Ashley's body, Hans gripped her ankles and pushed them up and back. Her time as a college cheerleader helped a bit, though she wasn't as limber as Jenna, and she was quickly bent in half. Her ankles pressed against her ears and head, and Hans in a very strong, dominating position. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 20 ****** bysubslutjenna© Helplessly pinned, with her body bent in half, Ashley could only dig her long nails into the bed and gasp as Hans began relentlessly pounding into her. Harder, faster, and deeper than she had ever been fucked before. Every thrust causing his body to slap and grind against the ring in her clit. She quickly succumbed to her next orgasm, this time screaming out in pleasure. Her pussy actually squirting out from around his shaft to soak his legs and the bed. He didn't stop, or even pause, and Ashley was struggling to even breathe. 

 Seeing Hans began to frenetically thrust, Mistress Jane giggled and said to him, just in time,"On her lovely face dear." 

 Hans looked at Mistress Jane and nodded, keeping a tight grip on Ashley's dainty ankles. Keeping them up against her ears. Mistress Jane noticed how cute Ashley's ankles were and decided her next tattoo would be a lovely anklet with a chain and cross across her instep. Perfect for a good church going girl like Ashley. In that instant, Hans pulled out and quickly sat on the undersides of Ashley's soft thighs, keeping her body pinned and bent in half. His hand stroking his wet cock fast and his tip pointed at an invisible bullseye right between her beautiful blue eyes. Breathless, and as if she wasn't already hypnotized, Ashley was unable to look away from his one eyed snake as though that was the object of her brainwashing. Which in a way it was, despite whomever the pet snake belonged to. 

 All eyes were focused on the tip of his shaft when it erupted. In spurts, like a miniature volcano spewing forth hot magma in a fleshy pyroclastic display. Helpless as she watched, inches from her face, Ashley was an acute observer of each thick, ropy, steaming hot white blast. The first across her forehead neatly bisecting her pristine skin. Then another over her face and into her blonde hair. The next two painted lovely white stripes over each blue eye and the one after went straight up her nose. Causing her to choke and gasp. Her mouth wide open Ashley underestimated his skill as a cocksman, and not a single drop went between her lips. Hans was a master of true talent, and when his last rope flew, it landed squarely between her eyes, to pool in each tear duct. 

 Even Mistress Jane was impressed. 

 Just about the time I was thinking Mistress Jane forgot about me, there was a knock on the door. It was so sudden and so loud I nearly jumped out of my clothes and my skeleton was already a step ahead. 

 Trembling as I went to the door, I slowly opened it. The hinges creaked in a way I couldn't remember them doing and it felt as though I was opening a tomb in some cheap knockoff horror movie starring some two bit actress at the end of her useful career. I guess in a way that actress was me, but at the start of a tawdry string of cheap second rate porn. Internet porn. The kind of porn with no soundtrack where the girls clearly want to be somewhere else and the men are less than stellar. 

 But that's neither here nor there, and as the door opened there was a man I didn't recognize. Wearing a uniform of the service industry type like me, but not nearly as bawdy. I recognized him to be a limo driver, what with the coat and hat and such. Big and black, true to Mistress Jane's hiring and social mindset. He dwarfed me and I felt so delicate, vulnerable, and quite very well underdressed. 

 All that aside he was polite to the extreme, and offered me a long coat to wear as he explained he was to take me to the night's affair. He even had an accent. In the dim light outside my apartment I came to realize that at one point he had dreadlocks that were cut short to his head, and still retained a vestigal trace of them. Under his driver's hat of course. In the streetlights my skin looked especially pale, which in turn offset the black satin and fishnet adorning my body. My high heels echoed off the apartments around us as we walked, the clicking as loud as a rythym track and just as steady, as though a musician was laying down lines in a studio to some long forgotten b-side track to a long forgotten pop song sung by some long forgotten one hit wonder that some long forgotten drunk girl got pregnant to in the back seat of some long forgotten Plymouth behind some long forgotten bar at the edge of some small town that noone ever remembered in the first place. 

 Following that line of thought I was snapped out of it by the car stopping and the driver opening my door. I wasn't really paying attention but if I had been, I might have noticed the spot on the floor where Mistress Jane had given me to her old friend just out of the hoosegow, and the little hole in the upholstery where my high heel had torn a nice neat shape that resembled Elvis. But I suppose that wouldn't be any of my fault, as I was taking a particularly large cock at the time. 

 Stepping out of the limo I gave anyone watching the full Britney. My bald slit pink and framed by the black garter belt and fishnets. Good thing I wasn't famous yet. Looking up at where we had arrived I saw a big pink neon sign. Buzzing and garish as only big pink neon signs can be. Advertising in the most tawdry and cheap way. Three little words. After the darkness of the limo on the way over and in the darkness of whatever seedy back alley some degenerate had decided it was appropriate to open a business at the end of, three little words. Burning into my retinas past my cones and rods and through the grey matter to imprint themselves on the inner lining of the back of my perfectly asymmetrical and elliptical skull. Three little words. Girls. Girls. Girls. 

 Thankfully I would only be the cleaning girl here, and the reason for my slutty outfit was clear. I wasn't cleaning the knobs at Mistress Jane's house but rather cleaning up at this dirty strip club. I assumed we were going in the back way, the service entrance if you will, and as my driver led me in we bypassed the counter where some scantily clad girl was taking cover charges and giving wrist stamps. 

 We went behind her and behind the counter through a door and then past the coat room and through another door and made a turn and then through yet another door and down a hall and then through a door and then I was lost. I was thinking if there was a fire, I would never find my way out and decided since I was probably gonna burn for all eternity it would be ironic if that's how I passed on as well but whatever right? I would leave a beautifully crisp corpse. 

 Finally through a door with a keypad we entered what could only be the dressing room for the girls. Several of them worked here it seemed what with the lockers and vanities and makeup and every sort of thing a stripper would need. I'm sure there was some system to it all but it just looked like Claire's at the mall had exploded in a girly sexy mess. As we passed through to a small door at the other end there was a rather large breasted and plump girl getting dressed near the end. Unashamedly naked but I guess that's part of the job. As we entered the final room I thought I heard her say quietly, after she glanced at me and glanced away with a smirk, "Sucks to be you." 

 I looked back but all I saw just before the door closed was that she already had her back turned. Then I took stock of where we had finally arrived and I wasn't especially thrilled by what I found. This wasn't a cleaning supply room, and there were no cleaning supplies. Turns out, I had misunderstood what Mistress Jane meant when she said I would be polishing knobs. 

 So it was I found myself in a small room, with the limo driver and another girl dressed exactly like me. Same heels, same fishnets, same skimpy maid uniform and same slutty look. She had green eyes and auburn hair and perky little breasts. Standing a little shorter than me even though we were both in heels. 

 "Hey, I'm Tabitha," she said, giving me a fingertips wave. Smiling. I wondered if she was being blackmailed into this like me and decided to be polite. 

 "I'm Jenna, hi," I told her nicely and with a fingertips wave back. Now that we were properly introduced I looked at where I was and again, I wasn't exactly thrilled. There was a door, and opposite the door the wall had two holes about three feet apart and about waist high. Holes that were just the perfect size for what I knew would be coming through them. 

 There were also cameras. A few of them. Mounted perfectly to capture what would be happening from every angle. I looked at Tabitha and she lowered her eyes and shrugged. Then I looked at the limo driver and noticed he had removed his coat, and was only wearing a muscle shirt now, over his black slacks and boots. And let me tell you he was all muscle. God where does Mistress Jane find these guys. I also noticed he was laying stuff out on a small table in the corner. I touched my locked on collar without thinking when I saw what he was doing. I noticed from the corner of my eye Tabitha doing the same, her collar also locked on her slender neck. So we were in the same boat, sinking to the same watery grave it seems. The clinking and jingling filled the room, as the limo driver laid out cuffs. Several cuffs and several thin chains and such. I whimpered softly and wondered if Tabitha was told she would be polishing knobs as well. 

 That's when the door opened and Jerome appeared. Big and black and led by none other than Mistress Jane. 

 Ashley was gasping for breath, and her face had a lovely glaze covering it. Her pretty blonde curls sticky with thick semen. Her makeup ruined as Mistress Jane panned the camera over her features, down her body to her puffy and gaping pussy. Her girly flesh fucked raw by Hans. She lay on the bed, exhausted sexually and completely spent. Her nerves shot after having an astonishing five orgasms at the masterful efforts of the Bavarian god that had just fucked the living shit out of her. Mistress Jane giggled. 

 "So bimbo, last question. Was all that sex you just had cheating on your loving husband?" Mistress Jane asked Ashley, the camera zoomed in on her cum covered face. 

 "No Mistress, that wasn't cheating on him," Ashley replied, actually smiling at the camera. Her pink and pierced nipples still stiff. 

 "Are you sure bimbo?" Mistress Jane asked. "Look at your hand and answer," she finished. Smirking as Ashley looked down at her left hand. At some point while Ashley was getting the fucking of her life, Mistress Jane had slipped her wedding ring back on her finger. Unbeknownst to Ashley, she was wearing it while she was orgasming on the strange cock pumping her. 

 Still in her hypnotic state, and still glowing from cumming so hard and so many times, Ashley's slimy face smiled up at the camera as she licked her wet lips and said, "No Mistress, it wouldn't be considered cheating on my husband. It was just sex Mistress, and my body is built for sex, and pleasing my lovers and that's not cheating Mistress." 

 "Good girl," was all the reply Mistress Jane offered. As she put away the camera and sat down on the bed next to Ashley. She took out a folder, Ashley's folder, and started making notes. Then, she handed Ashley her panties and told her to clean her face with them. And as Ashley used her tiny little panties to wipe the thick semen off her face and from her pretty blonde hair, Mistress Jane made some things clear to her, as she did just a little more mental programming. 

 "I have looked at your past Ashley," Mistress Jane said as Ashley remained in a state. "Graduated from primary early, then on to college where you breezed through in three years to get your degree in pharmacology at twenty years old on a full academic scholarship. It certainly seems you had the brains in the family," Mistress Jane continued, reading from her folder. 

 "Extremely high IQ and genius level intelligence. You were made to succeed in anything you wanted Ashley, bimbo," Mistress Jane told her. As she talked Ashley simply looked up at her with wide blue eyes. "You married your school sweetheart and had a perfect life Ashley, just perfect." 

 "But now? All you can think about is sex, being sexy, and pleasing men and women," Mistress said with a giggle. "For all your intelligence you were quite easy to turn. I do believe I like you better this way, a mindless bimbo bent on sex. Isn't that better for you Ashley?" Mistress asked, looking down at Ashley's naked and fit body. 

 "Yes Mistress, thank you for helping me with your therapy Mistress," Ashley said. Finishing with a giggle. 

 "Good girl," Mistress told her. Reaching down, she idly rubbed Ashley's clit in slow lazy circles. "You will work for me now Ashley, dancing. Monday morning you will make a final, critical error at work and lose your job. Then, feeling desperate, you will come to me Ashley, and beg for a job while you pleasure me with your sweet, sexy little mouth." 

 As she instructed the hypnotized Ashley, Jane increased the speed at which she was rubbing Ashley's clit. Picking up the pace and the pressure, making Ashley moan and arch her back. 

 "How well you pleasure me will determine if you work in one of my strip clubs, or one of my brothels, bimbo," Mistress Jane told Ashley. As she slipped two fingers into her tight married pussy. "What you tell your husband is of no concern to me, but before you leave here now, you'll get three new piercings Ashley. Three lovely little tongue studs in a row. Now orgasm bimbo," Mistress Jane finished, as she pinched Ashley's now swollen clit hard. Making her squeal. Making her hips buck and her back arch as she came. Her body trembling and her pussy squirting all over the now soaked bed. 

 "Aghhhh Yesssss Mistress!!" echoed down the hall and into the front reception area where the cute blonde receptionist giggled to herself and bit her lip in glee. 

 And like a good girl, Ashley did exactly as she was told. 

 Not wasting any time, Mistress Jane pointed to the floor in front of the holes in the wall, and simply said, "Kneel sluts." Her tone stern and authoritarian, though I needed no prompting to obey. Turning to kneel I saw Tabitha already on her knees and wondered what happened to her to make her so obedient. Even more obedient than me. 

 Sinking to my knees next to her, both of us wearing identical maid uniforms with fishnets and heels, I felt the two guys stepping behind us. Tabitha and I whimpering as we were both manhandled roughly. Our arms pulled back hard behind us and our wrists cuffed. I gasped at the tightness and heard Tabitha whimper in pain. 

 Then they attached some sort of contraption between my knees. Strapped to each lower thigh tightly, it kept my knees held wide apart. I was unable to move them in or out despite my squirming. Then I felt my cuffed wrists tugged down and realized they were attatching my wrists to the spreading bar between my knees. It forced my back to bend and I was in discomfort. Looking next to me I could see they were putting Tabitha in the same position. 

 Next I could feel rather than see my ankles getting strapped down onto the floor. Whatever straps they used were tight and stiff. Like some kind of leather, thick and unforgiving. The whole time it was Jerome and the other black guy doing the work while Mistress Jane watched quietly. The only sounds were the soft whimpering and gasps as Tabitha and I were strapped and cuffed. 

 The finishing touch was when a chain was clipped onto my collar, then clipped onto a small ring set in the wall just under the hole. This left me about two inches from having my face pressed flat and there was no way to pull my head back or to the side. I was in a very uncomfortable spot and I could hear Tabitha groaning and squirming next to me. 

 As we squirmed and struggled a bit, someone reached around my body and untied my uniform top. Opening it up and taking my big breasts out. Then my pink nipples were tugged and pulled until they were stiff enough to accept clamps. Clamps which were then applied. I must say this was painful and entirely not what I wanted. The little chain between the clamps? It was tugged taut, pulling my tits up by my nipples and then attatched with a clip to the same ring my collar was chained to. The end result was on of extreme discomfort and a complete inability to move. I was stuck there. 

 "Now ladies, in a few minutes the room on the other side of that wall will be open for business, " Mistress Jane began to explain, finally breaking her silence. "This is a strip club owned by me, and not one of my classier ones. Your pictures have been placed at each table and throughout the club, so when the men have been cockteased by my dancers, for a ten dollar fee they may pick a hole to spend ten minutes getting some relief. Using your mouths," she explained. 

 So I finally now understood what polishing knobs meant. I squirmed and groaned, the position I was in and my clamped nipples making my body sing. Thankfully my limber body and yoga training helped to relax my muscles, but I knew it was still going to be a miserable night. 

 Mistress Jane continued to explain. "Also ladies, this is sort of a contest between you two. This is a business you see, and I need to make a good profit. So which ever one of you makes more money for me will be allowed the privelege of working on the other side as a stripper tomorrow night. The loser will spend the next week training to please men in one of my brothels," she said. Causing me to squirm. Neither of those sounded palatable, but dancing for men sounded slightly better than brothel work. 

 "Now I would love to stay and watch but I have a project in the works, so I will be back in about ten hours to see who wins," Mistress said. Tabitha and I both groaning in discomfort at the thought of spending the next ten hours chained to this wall and unable to move. 

 "Little miss big tits," she said, talking directly to me. "My new project pertains directly to you and I'm sure you are going to love it when it's done. As for you pusskins," she then said, talking directly to Tabitha. "I trust you don't want to spend another week in the brothel pleasing men, as I know you're a lesbian, so you better try harder than last time," she finished with a chuckle. 

 Tabitha only whimpered and I could tell she wasn't happy to be there. Neither was I, but I resolved to make the best effort I could, so as not to end up in a whorehouse. Music started thumping in the club and I assumed it was opening for business on the other side of the wall and with a whimper, I closed my eyes. 

 "Well ladies, have fun tonight and I will see you in about ten hours," Mistress Jane said. I could hear them all leaving and that was that. Tabitha and I were stuck where we were and being used as release for men that were drinking and getting entertained to a horny frenzy by cockteasing strippers. It made sense now why that one girl told me it sucks to be me, and I must say I had to agree just then. 

 We didn't have long to wait, and I could suddenly hear Tabitha's muffled whimpers and sucking sounds next to me. I realized her first cock was in her mouth and pouted that I was already behind. 

 Whoever he was, he didn't last long, and I could hear Tabitha choking it down as she swallowed when he finished. I squirmed a bit, the clamps on my nipples were really unpleasant. Then once again I heard Tabitha next to me, sucking noises filling my ears. I whimpered at the thought that now I was two behind. At no point did I realize what was really going on. You see, I found out later the contest wasn't fair. Mistress Jane had said that our pictures were placed at each table and around the club to let men decide which hole they wanted to use. But what she had failed to mention, was that the pictures also indicated that Tabitha was a lesbian. And for some reason the men at the strip club were loving the thought of shoving a hard cock down a lesbian's throat. So really, I was quite at a disadvantage. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 20 ****** bysubslutjenna© So much so, that Tabitha was choking down her fourth cock, and I had yet to do anything but squirm in discomfort and listen to her suck. I could tell she was swallowing every time. In the few minutes between guys we didn't talk much. Mostly she was trying to catch her breath but I did find out she met Mistress Jane through Rebecca. I guess Mrs. Anders had introduced them at a party and Tabitha woke up the next day in bed with two guys. She couldn't have her girlfriend finding out so one thing led to another and here she was. 

 As I heard another cock slide into Tabitha's mouth I got my first one. It slid right through the hole and pushed its way into my mouth. With my eyes open in surprise I quickly let it slide down my throat and started sucking. Well, in the position the two of us were in it wasn't so much of a blow job as just getting throat fucked. After that first one, the strip club must have picked up in business. Because after that it was one cock after another, for both of us. 

 At some point during this ordeal I heard Tabitha gulping and swallowing. In between her little coughs and gags I came to realize that one of her guys was pissing down her throat. Of course, it was the natural progression. We were servicing men that were drinking, and with drinking comes the need to pee. Turning my head a little I could just see her. Her face was dripping wet and was dripping down over her breasts. I had only that quick glance before my mouth was stuffed again. 

 It wasn't only her that got that little special treat. Several times during the night a cock slid in only to piss directly down my throat. A direct deposit into my tummy. Those times were the most pleasant. And I'm sure Tabitha loved it too. Her groans and gagging were a good indication, and it was to both our credit that we kept it all down. 

 On and on it went, and though it seemed like hours had passed, I'm sure we weren't even halfway through. My body was so sore already, having been kept in that abominable position with no respite. My tummy was full and I felt bloated. Some part of me was grateful for not eating before I came here, as I was full of liquid now. My tummy was starting to slosh everytime I squirmed, and I desperately tried not to think of what it was full of. 

 So, wrists cuffed behind us, knees cuffed with a spreader, ankles strapped to the floor, our collars and nipples chained to the wall with our wet mouths inches from the holes in the wall, Tabitha and I spent the night polishing knobs. Just as Mistress Jane had said. The best part? I knew I was losing. Tabitha scarcely had an empty mouth the entire time. I didn't feel sorry for her as I was more sorry for myself, knowing what now lay ahead for me. 

 Finally, at long last, the ten hours were up. Exhausted and with our tummies sloshing and bloated, we heard the door opening behind us. Tabitha and I were sucking cock at that moment, and couldn't turn to see who had entered but it quickly became obvious there was more than one person. The way I found out was by having my maid skirt flipped up, and my ass smacked hard with a female giggle. Mistress Jane I presumed. 

 While I sucked cock, and she slapped my ass, Tabitha was released. One by one each cuff and every chain binding her fell to the floor next to me, and her whimpers of relief were quiet and weak. And just like that she was gone. Leaving me with Mistress Jane. Helpless and sucking as she described what my week in the brothel would be like. Helpless and whimpering. Helpless and completely in her clutches. 

 (to be continued... ) Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 21 ****** bysubslutjenna© Thank you for reading these chapters. 

 Your comments and votes are truly appreciated. 

 Enjoy this latest and remember, it's all a work of fiction and all characters are adults. 

 All similarities to anyone are purely coincidence. 

 

 

 

 After my night of polishing knobs with my new friend Tabitha, I spent the next day in bed feeling ill. My tummy was upset and I felt sick all day, so I didn't get out of bed. I guessed that Mistress Jane felt sorry for me or something, and I didn't hear from her all day. Or night either, which was unusual for her, but fine with me. Finally around three in the morning I got up and had some soup, and some crackers. My tummy still felt full, and I could only imagine it was still full of cream. 

 The next few days went by quickly, with some fun adventures in my waitress job. Mistress Jane was very specific in what I was required to do. If you'll remember, when I worked there previously there was a slimeball named Bradley, that sexually harassed me at every turn. Well now, thanks to Mistress Jane, I suppose I would be harassing him. Her words exactly were, I was to be his personal cocktease, and while we worked together I was to keep his cock hard as much as possible. 

 And she was specific now that he had my number. I was to answer if he called, and reply to every text. And I wasn't to deny anything he texted me. She also reminded me my phone was linked to her's so there was no hiding anything. I believe she took great pleasure in knowing how much I disliked him. I don't like using the word hate, but when it came to Bradley, I was pretty close to throwing it around. He was awful and just a worm. I actually felt bad thinking like this but such are my thoughts. 

 That was another of her stipulations. I wasn't to call him Brad now. It was Bradley. Always Bradley and always in a respectable tone. If others were around I was to call him Sir, and when we were alone she insisted I call him baby. Everything I hated about him was coming to haunt me. But I digress. 

 So after the day of laying around and the night of polishing knobs, I hadn't checked my phone. I think it was even turned off, but I finally got around to looking at it. There was a text from my sister Ashley and one from Mistress Jane saying where to go for my brothel punishment. Then there was the texts from Bradley. All six of them. They started nice enough with questions of how I had been and what was new. A few saying he was glad I came back and couldn't wait to work with me again. 

 Then the next one was lovely. Saying how he used my panties that night, and I could have them back but they were a bit sticky. That one made me roll my eyes then pout, as I replied that I would love to have them back. Remembering that Mistress Jane could read them all and knowing how hard she could make my life now. 

 As soon as I sent it I received a reply from Mistress Jane. Adding that I was to tease him and string him along for now. One condition was that I was not to meet him for a date yet. Reminding me that I belonged to her and she would decide who and when I would fuck. This was sort of a relief as it meant that maybe, just maybe, I wouldn't have to sleep with him. 

 So my first day back was somewhat fun. A few people remembered me, though there were a lot of new faces. The waitress uniform there is a white blouse and black skirt or slacks. Black shoes, and nylons are optional. It's a bar and grille type place so the uniform isn't necessarily conservative, though I always dressed properly before. However, it would be different now. My skirts short and tight, my blouses low cut or unbuttoned to show cleavage. And while nylons were still optional, now they would be thigh high stockings with a garter belt. Sometimes fishnets. All at Mistress Jane's bidding of course. 

 My first day back I was in a black miniskirt and low cut blouse, the white top giving a good look at the black bra I was wearing under it. I decided on no nylons and my standard black flats. I didn't need much training since I had already done the job before, so without further delay I was taking tables and serving drinks. And also taking Mistress Jane's texts from time to time. Checking to make sure I was being a proper cocktease. Making sure I was wearing enough red lipstick. Making sure Bradley got enough looks at my cleavage everytime I was in his area. 

 And that's what I did. Despite not liking him even in the slightest, I obeyed her every wish. Bending over in front of him. Letting my cleavage show for his lingering leering eyes. Smiling and giggling everytime he made some rude comment. And he was always making rude comments. But each time I just giggled like some vapid bimbo and smiled at him. Leading him on. 

 The few times I looked he actually did have a bulge. So I guess I was being a good girl and keeping him hard. Luckily, as a part time waitress I only had a short shift in the day, and was soon out the door. And who doesn't love going home from work right? 

 Only thing was, he had my phone number, and I wasn't home two minutes when he texted me. Telling me how he couldn't wait to feel my lips around his cock. I sighed and sent back the reply. How I couldn't wait to suck it, but I would make him wait and let the desire build to make it better. It almost made me choke to text him that but I knew Mistress Jane was paying close attention. 

 I saw it coming, so it was no surprise when he sent a text asking for a picture of my tits. Well, to use his words, my big bouncy tits. Mistress Jane sent an immediate text to me telling me to do it. So I did. I was very careful though. He didn't say naked tits so I sent him a picture of my upper body still in my work clothes. I smirked as I did it, and was rewarded by his "lol." 

 Thinking I was being clever, I then got a text from Mistress Jane. A stern text ordering me to strip now, since I didn't do what she wanted, and send him a full picture of my naked body. And with a pout, I did just that. I guess he was still at work and busy because I didn't hear from him. That, or the idiot dropped his phone in shock and broke it. 

 I sighed and wondered how this was going to impact my reputation at the restaurant, then decided I didn't really have much choice. In either event I didn't have much time to worry about it, as the knock on the door startled me out of my thoughts. 

 It was my ride, for my first night at my second job. My main job this week. At her brothel. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Anders...two years and six months earlier... 

 With a gasp, I stopped squealing. Mistress Jane had me well under her thumb now, and as the bull dyke Chris slid her evil strapon out of my newly married anus, I could still feel the hole gaping. Gaping wide and burning in agony. 

 After Bill Shockley had left, Chris and I consumated my marriage to my dear Finley Anders with a good half hour of ass fucking. My ass. Chris was no stranger to plowing women, and she used her skills to open me up nicely. Every thrust at a different angle and a different speed. Her hips pumping me slightly different with each thrust, ensuring that my tight little hole was thoroughly used. 

 And when she was finished, I stayed on the bed, panting and trying not to cry. My head down and my pasty pale ass up. As I tried to catch my breath I heard her thanking Mistress Jane on her way out, and I hoped I'd never see that particular dyke again. 

 With a giggle, Mistress Jane smacked my abused ass. I was barely able to gasp in pain and quickly I felt her locking my pink collar around my neck. She had graciously allowed me to remove it for my wedding but now as she locked it on, she whispered, "It won't be coming off again anytime soon precious, if ever." 

 I then felt a click and a tug as a leash was attatched to my lovely pink collar. A chain leash that was secured to me and then tugged, gently at first. 

 "Come newlywed, it's time for your surprise," Mistress said as she tugged harder on my leash. Forcing me to crawl off the bed and crawl after her, on all fours. Still wearing my lovely white wedding heels, my white lace bridal garter, and all my new rings. Finger, nipples, and clit. Across the room I crawled as she led, to the hallway and down to another cabin on the boat. As I crawled I felt my tits swaying under me, my nipples still sore from all the tugging they had endured over the last hour. 

 As Mistress opened the door and smirked down at me, she said almost gleefully, "In you go precious, here is your surprise." 

 I crawled in, collared and leashed as Mistress walked me like a dog and the first thing I noticed was this cabin wasn't nearly as nice as the one I just got fucked in. There was no carpet, no bed, and only one chair in the center of the room. One chair presently occupied. 

 As I looked on, I saw right in front of me, my dearest Finley. My new husband as of a few hours ago. Sitting in the chair in the middle of the room, his wrists behind him and cuffed together. His ankles cuffed to the legs of the chair. A rope around his waist keeping him firmly seated. And completely naked. 

 

 And straddling him, just as naked except for her heels, was that Asian blonde, Summer. Slowly riding his cock, up and down as he groaned and squirmed in pure pleasure. Her pussy obviously gripping his shaft tightly. Her hands on his shoulders and her mouth nibbling on his ear. My dearest Finley Anders, with his cock buried in another girl. I nearly cried at the sight when Mistress stepped in front of me, blocking my view. 

 "Give me your hands precious," Mistress told me, smirking down at me. I lifted my arms and presented her my wrists, speechless and in shock as she placed handcuffs tightly on them. Summer's moans of pleasure and Finley's grunts as they fucked filled my ears. 

 "As you see precious, your husband is consumating his marriage as well," Mistress explained with a chuckle. "You see, your dear love Finley has a thing for Asian women. Asian hookers to be more precise." 

 I could only look up at Mistress Jane as she explained to me what I was seeing. And why my life has taken such a turn now. 

 "I met him one night as he was fucking that girl you see him with right now," Mistress went on. "Come to find out he was engaged to the lovely Rebecca Blaine, my latest pet. It didn't take much to convince him you needed training. In fact, it was his idea you get those lovely little piercings." 

 As she said that, Summer squealed out and I knew she was in the throes of an orgasm. Even without seeing it, I could tell she was cumming hard. Kneeling with my wrists cuffed in front of me, looking up at Mistress Jane as she kept explaining. 

 "Now he's my willing pet as well precious. Anything to keep his cock in Summer. It seems he has fallen for her quite hard, and the thought of me not allowing him to see her was quite simply unbearable to him," Mistress continued. As if this was any sort of story I wanted to hear. As she talked my eyes dropped down to her white high heels. The same as my bridal heels. Then she snapped her fingers. And the fucking stopped. 

 "Summer, it's time to give the new bride and groom their wedding gifts," Mistress commanded. Summer giggled her high pitched giggle and things moved quite swiftly after that. I was stood up by Mistress Jane as Summer produced a long rope. While she tossed it over a hook set in the ceiling I made eye contact with Finley. His eyes spoke of regret and sadness but, his slimy hard cock told a different story. I could tell he had cum in Summer, in her pussy, and yet remained hard. His sperm a trickle down his balls. 

 I was then led over to my new husband and while Mistress Jane took off the leash attatched to my pink collar, Summer tied the end of the rope around the link of chain between my handcuffs. I was resigned to whatever came next, and kept quiet. Looking down at Finley I wanted to tell him I was sorry, I still loved him, and that we would be fine but all I could do was whimper. Then Summer pulled the rope and my arms raised up. Higher and higher until my body was stretched and I was standing, straddling Finley. On my tiptoes in heels. Mistress Jane reached down and held Finley's cock up, and the tip barely touched my slit. With a nod at Summer, I was pulled up just a little more. My pussy an inch from my husband's cock, and groaning at the strain of barely touching the floor with my toes pointed in my high heels. 

 "This is as close as your cock is ever going to get to your wife's pussy Finley," Mistress Jane told him. He groaned and strained against his bonds, trying to get his hard cock closer to my pussy but it was to no avail. For my part, I tried to lower myself, also just as futile. Our struggles made Summer and Mistress Jane giggle with glee. Almost as much as when we both started to plead with her to be allowed to fuck on this, our wedding night. 

 Then Mistress Jane had Summer silence us both with lovely matching ball gags. His and hers, both of us effectively silenced as I strained and hung by my cuffed wrists. Finley's cock dripping precum and my pussy oozing juices. Finley and I made eye contact, both of us in a state and pouting. Both of us sorry for each other. Both of us in thrall to Mistress Jane. 

 That's when we were presented with our wedding gifts. 

 I opened the door slowly, and the same limo driver from the other night stood there, holding a small tote bag. Without a word he entered my place and told me to strip and put on what was in the bag. I quietly undressed in front of him as he paid me no attention, playing on his phone. 

 I can't say I wanted him to look at me, but his complete lack of interest in my yoga toned and lovely fit body kind of bothered me. I'm used to being the center of attention in any room I'm in, and the fact that he didn't even look at me was a bit annoying. 

 I opened the tote bag and all it contained was a sheer white dress. Very short and very low cut. No panties of course, and no bra. I wiggled into it and saw that my nipples were clearly visible. As was my slit. There was a pair of high heels, cheap white pumps, in the bag and I stepped into them. I stood there, looking at the driver as he played on his phone. Not knowing what else to do, I cleared my throat. 

 "Let's get going white girl," he said. His accent very pronounced. As I went for my purse he shook his head and stopped me. Saying, "The Miss say you have all you need in that bag," as he indicated the now empty tote. I quietly nodded and away we went. At some point I was hoping to get out of working the brothel but Mistress Jane wasn't one to make idle threats or boasts, so I kept quiet as we drove. 

 At some point he said I would need to go on the pill soon, and for now Mistress Jane had a supply of Plan B for me. I actually thanked him for that, and he actually smiled at me in the mirror. So now, except for that monster Jerome fucking me, remember I had never been with a black man. Never even thought about it and I knew my family would not really accept it. But as my driver smiled at me, I noticed he was actually handsome. In a rough and bad boy way but still, not bad at all. 

 Working up my nerve I asked his name, and he told me. I was to call him Sir. I nodded and looked away, cursing my own stupidity. Of course he was Sir. Or Daddy. That's what Mistress Jane said all men I met would be called. How could I forget. That's when we pulled up to the brothel. I looked out at it as my door was opened, and was surprised to see quite a modest suburban home. Not what I expected at all. 

 Stepping behind my driver, I shook out my long blonde hair a little as we walked up to the house. Just a little. I assumed there would be makeup and somewhere to do my hair inside. I also assumed I would be working all night. I also assumed there would be other girls there. I was correct on all counts. The door opened and I was greeted by yet another wall of solid muscle. This time some huge skinhead. As white as me and very intimidating. Before I could even whimper the Madame of the house approached. 

 I say Madame as I've only ever read about places like this in novels and seen them in movies and such. She was a friendly and attractive older woman, with closely cropped blonde hair and an obviously fake set of boobs. Wearing a very sharp business suit. 

 "Ahhh, you must be Jenna," she greeted me warmly. With a hug and a kiss on each cheek. "Let's have a look at you then," she told me. Holding my hand and looking my body up and down. My sheer white dress hiding nothing from her probing eyes. I lowered my blue eyes and even after all that happened so far I actually blushed. 

 "Yes, you are just perfect. Absolutely delicious, " she told me. I thanked her and blushed still, as we stood in the entryway to the house. She let my hand go, and ran her hands over my breasts and down my sides. Complimenting me on my toned and fit body as she felt the firmness of my arms and then my ass. I was taken completely by surprise by what she did next. 

 Before I could react, this woman I had met not five minutes ago wet two fingers in her mouth, reached under my dress, and very easily slid them all the way into my pussy. Making me gasp and tiptoe in my high heels. She moved them around a bit and slid them back out. Sucking them clean as I looked at her in disbelief. 

 "You really are perfect dear," she said, licking her fingers. "Tight and delicious, just like fresh meat," she told me. Not knowing what else to say I thanked her and smiled weakly. I was so humiliated, that she would just sample me like that. But I knew better than to complain or pout or any such nonsense. She smiled at me and the limo driver held my arm. 

 "Do as you're told here," he said. "The Miss expects you to behave and do anything you're told, and you don't want to disappoint her," he continued. I nodded yes quietly and hoped I didn't disappoint her. I still clung to the idea this would end soon, and I didn't want my church or family privy to any of this whole sordid affair. 

 "I be back in the morning to take you home girly," he went on. Looking at my face to make sure I understood him. "Now do a good job and have fun, and Miss will be pleased," he said at last. Then he turned and left. Walking out the door and leaving me to my night's work. Turning to face the Madame, she gestured to the living room. 

 "Go on in dear, and make yourself at home," she instructed. "You look perfect just how you are, but as the night goes on you'll find everything you need to freshen up in one of the restrooms." I followed her towards the living room, and as we walked down the hall she explained how the operation worked. It was a bit of a speech. 

 "The men that come here sometimes have appointments with particular girls. They are regulars and know who and what they want. Sometimes a client will pay extra to spend the night with one or several girls and for the right price, a girl will spend the night at his place. Generally speaking however, customers come in, get checked at the door, and all the girls line up. Then they pick and choose who they want. Don't worry about the money, you will never see any of it. I take it Miss Jane likes you, or you would be working in the fetish room and that can get...nasty. And always remember, the customer is always right," she finished with a wink. "Now join the other girls and have fun." 

 She walked away from me as I stood and took stock of the living room. It was spacious with several sofas and chairs and spread throughout were several girls in various states of undress. They all looked at me with bored expressions and I smiled. I felt so ashamed just being there, and these girls all looked right at home. One girl got up and came over to me. A busty redhead that looked about Mistress Jane's age. 

 "Hi, I'm Taylor," she said. Shaking my hand and smiling. Pointing around the room, she introduced the girls to me. "That's Stephanie, that's Helen, that one there is Elizabeth, and that one playing Xbox over there is Katelyn. She's new here too." Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Secretary Changed Ch. 21 ****** bysubslutjenna© The cute blonde at the video game waved and said hi without looking at me, and I saw she was the youngest of the bunch. 

 "Hi all of you, I'm Jenna," I said. A few girls said hi but mostly noone paid much attention. Looking around I noticed only me and Taylor had collars on. Mine being black, and her's was red with the word slut on it. 

 "Have a seat Jen," she said as she sat on one of the sofas. I sat next to her, crossing my legs, and we made small talk. For about two minutes we made small talk before Madame popped her head in. Telling Taylor she had an outcall for the night with a regular. At his place. She smiled at me and said goodbye and I was all alone in the brothel with these other girls. I put my head in my hands and wanted to cry, wanted to go home and wanted this to all be a bad dream. That lasted about one minute. Then the customers started arriving. 

 That night I got fucked by seven different men. 

 Mrs. Rebecca Anders...two years and six months earlier... 

 Naked, except for my bridal garter and heels, I hung by my wrists over my new husband. His cock an inch from my craving pussy and both of us gagged. His restraints kept him helplessly bound to his chair and as we both whimpered, Mistress Jane presented our wedding gifts to us. 

 "Congratulations on your marriage you two," Mistress Jane giggled. As Summer got between my husband's legs and iced down his cock. Making him squirm and groan as she applied the bag of ice to his balls, and his shaft. Making him lose his erection and shrink down. 

 "First, for the groom. Summer if you would please?" Mistress Jane instructed the Asian whore. I hated her now. Deeply. That whore Summer. As she giggled and I watched, Finley with his eyes wide open, Summer placed a tube around his now flaccid shaft. A few clicks and some bands went around his balls. Fitting snugly into place. Very snugly. Summer giggled as she placed a small lock on the device and clicked it into place. Sitting back to admire her handiwork, Summer gave his balls a tickle with her long pink nails just for good measure. 

 "That will take care of your husband trying to stick his thing into my property Becca," Mistress Jane said. Smirking like the cat that ate the canary. My blue eyes looking at the shiny steel cock tube encasing Finley's member. "And it takes care of his wanting to get an erection for my girl Summer," Mistress continued. Finley groaned into his gag and I knew he deeply regretted his choices. 

 "Now Summer, for the beautiful bride," Mistress said giggling. I squirmed helplessly, my toes pointed in my high heels barely touching the floor and my wrists in agony from the cuffs biting into my skin. "It's time to make sure she behaves when she's not being watched," she continued, as Summer began by placing a metal band around my waist, and another up between my legs. 

 I looked down, watching helplessly as Summer clicked and fitted several bands of steel around my hips and groin, realizing what was being done to me. I was being placed in a steel chastity belt, and it was inscribed. "Property of Mistress Jane," it said. In bold italics. The last thing in place was a lock. Clicking firmly on. My pussy completely inaccessible now. My cuffed wrists flexed as I squirmed and whimpered into my gag, bringing a sneer to Mistress Jane's face. 

 "Your ass will be accessible precious, to all comers but your husband," Mistress explained, as I whimpered into my ball gag. "You are still my property, however, Jerome has taken a shine to your blonde pussy and wants noone's cock but his in there. And of course, you're still my blow job queen. Your new husband will have the privelege of watching you suck many a cock, but will never feel your lips on his," she finished with a giggle. Summer giggling as well. 

 Looking down I could see just a grated slit, blocking my entrance but allowing for pee to escape. My clit and ring were completely ensconced. I squirmed again, shuffling to stay on my toes, and groaning in unison with my husband Finley at our new predicament. 

 As Summer giggled, Mistress Jane went on. "Those metal bands can easily be cut off, as can the locks you two now wear. However, the metal requires an acetylene torch to burn through it, and you can well imagine what would happen to your skin," she explained. As she finished, Summer untied the rope holding me up and let me at last sink down to my knees, weak and exhausted. As I tried to compose myself, the handcuff key dropped and jingled on the floor. 

 "You may release yourself and your husband precious, and enjoy your wedding night. Feel free to spend the night on my boat or leave, but I will be in touch soon. And again, congratulations on your marriage. You two will be so happy together," she finished. Her and Summer laughing as they left us. Finley and I near sobbing, but still trembling with submissive lust. 

 After my night in the brothel, my first night, that same driver picked me up and took me home. I was exhausted, sore, and completely ashamed. In one night more men had fucked me than in my entire life up to then. Without a word to the driver I walked from the limo to my apartment, dead to the world tired. Wearing the same dress I started the night with, I kicked off my heels and passed out on the sofa. 

 I slept and dreamed and drooled for ten hours. I didn't work at the restaurant until tomorrow, and I wasn't due back at the brothel until the night fell, so when I woke up I felt a little more rested. Still sore but better. Just a little better. Just enough. 

 After each client last night, I showered and scrubbed and yet I still felt dirty. Sitting up on the sofa, I thought I would check my phone. Bad idea that. Looking through my messages there was a text from my sister Hayley asking if I was okay and if I heard from Ashley. There was a text from mom wondering if I was planning on missing church again and if my soul was going somewhere warm. Then, a whole conversation. I looked on in horror as I read the texts. Someone, presumably Mistress Jane, had spent half the night sexting Bradley. Using my phone, or my phone number, to send the most explicitly dirty messages to him. His replies equally vulgar. Apparently he spent all night sexting who he thought was me, and masturbating over it. He came twice according to him. And the most humiliating bit? She had sent him a few of the pictures from that first photo shoot. Pictures of me naked, spread, and exposing every inch of my body. 

 I knew I would never live it down, and put my phone aside with a whimper. Every time I thought of him since the day we met I shivered in revulsion, and now he thinks I'm a naughty girl hot for him. How humiliated I felt now, even more than my night at the brothel. And if that wasn't enough? Just in time there was a knock at my front door. 

 Wearing the sheer white dress from last night, and the dress alone, I went to my door and opened it. Expecting some new shock to my system. Some new thing to make my skeleton crawl and my stomach churn. Turns out it was my landlord. The overweight, old and grey, Mr. English. 

 Not expecting anyone other than Mistress or the limo driver or some such person that already knew me intimately, I had opened the door completely and stood in the doorway. Forgetting I was wearing a dress that hid nothing. I quickly was reminded as Mr. English looked my body up and down, ogling me. Blushing, I put an arm over my breasts to hide the fact that my nipples were poking through and smiled. 

 "Hello Mr. English, what may I do for you?" I asked demurely. He had always been politely reticent towards me, and never really bothered me since I moved in. But obviously I had been a bit preoccupied of late, and was wondering if I had done something wrong. 

 "The rent is late Jenna," he grumbled. "You haven't paid it for last month, and it's coming due again soon. I've left two notices in your mailbox and no reply from you," he said, his eyes never leaving my body. My mouth dropped a bit. The rent. My mail. I hadn't even thought about those things. Come to think of it, I had completely forgot about my phone bill, the electric bill, and everything else normal girls worry about. 

 "I'm so sorry Mr. English," I quickly said. Biting my lip. "I've been so busy lately I completely forgot to pay you, I'm really sorry," I said again. My brain rushing to think of how much I owed, how much I had in the bank, and how I didn't have his rent. I didn't get paid at the brothel, and one day of tips at the restaurant didn't amount to much. My last check from the temp agency was short after Mistress Jane had me resign, and I knew I was going to come up lacking. 

 "Well it's fine Jenna, I can take a check or cash right now for the balance, and we can forget you were late," he offered. When he saw me hesitate and frown, he then said, "You do have the money yes?" His eyes roaming up my legs. I started thinking of who I could call for a loan. 

 "I'm sorry Mr. English, if you could give me just a few days I'll have the rent for you, please?" I asked him. My pretty blue eyes pleading and pouting at him. Trying to use my charm. To no avail. 

 Shaking his head, he said, "No no no Jenna, I need the rent money in hand before I leave right now, or else I'm afraid I will have to serve your eviction notice. You will have one week to clear out. Now do you have the money or not?" His tone was serious now, and my mind drew a blank. Homeless. Lovely. 

 "No Mr. English, I don't have it," I said quietly. Resigned to being kicked out of my apartment with noone to call for help. Given my current situation, I knew I couldn't move in with my family, and there was nowhere else to turn. Except for Mistress Jane, and that seemed like a worse proposition than being homeless. 

 With a grin, he stepped in the doorway and closed the door. With a nasty grin. Standing in front of me, easily a foot taller and three feet wider than my own diminutive stature. His shirt torn and stained. His breath reeking of coffee and cigarettes. His belly hanging over his belt. His eyes looking at me with a gleam. 

 "Then perhaps, Jenna, we can make another arrangement," he said. I looked up at him. I looked up at him and I knew where this was headed. Of course it would go this way. Why wouldn't it? So I quietly nodded and quietly let him reach over. I quietly let him pull my dress down to expose my breasts. I quietly let him fondle, grope, and squeeze my tits. I quietly let him pull and twist my big pink nipples. And I quietly let him hold my shoulders and push me to my knees. 

 He only said one word as he unzipped his trousers. "Suck." 

 (to be continued...) Report_Story 