#1 

 

 ****** A Thong on the End of the World ****** byTheTalkMan© (This story is posted on the Literotica website. Do not repost anywhere else without the author's consent. Thanks to my biggest fan for the idea for this story. For fans of my stories, they know what kinds of things to expect. This story deals with similar themes as the stories by wannabeboytoy, seducedHylas, and Dark Betrayal, namely cheating, betrayal, and heartbreak. I would like to thank my biggest fan for this story idea. If stuff like that isn't your cup of tea, then you probably shouldn't bother reading it. I do not condone any of these actions in real life. This is just a story. Enjoy.) 

 

 

 Tina stood crying, watching as her world ended. 

 *********** 

 (3 Hours Earlier) 

 The scientists had spoken, as had the government and other world leaders. The world was ending, more than likely. After all the stories and theories, after all the people laughing it off and some people fervently believing it, the stupid Mayan prophecy was about to become a reality. Most logical people had laughed off this prophecy, knowing it was one in a long line of crazy, world ending prophecies that turned out to be, of course, wrong. 

 So when word came out that something was indeed going to happen, most initially ruled it off as an elaborate joke. But when world leaders came out and confirmed these reports, everyone realized that shit was real. 

 Scientists projected that the largest solar flare ever recorded was set to hit the planet Earth. Not only would this flare bathe the planet in electromagnetic radiation, knocking out the electric infrastructure on the planet, the flare would be so intense that it would irradiate the planet, likely killing everyone on Earth nearly instantly, and the radiation entering the atmosphere would bounce around like a greenhouse, temporarily turning the planet into a microwave, killing the rest of people who survived the first wave of radiation. So, it sounded like a pretty grisly end. The scientists ran countless simulations, and the outcome was almost always the same. They said there was a 99.6% chance of the world ending. 

 The world was given a one month notice, although it's unclear how much the people in the know knew that information before that. The people of the world had one month to get their lives in order, get their affairs in order, say their goodbyes to loved ones, and power through their bucket lists. 

 Society had kinda broken down. Businesses crumbled, as no people felt any desire to go to work now that they knew the world was ending. People looted and ran wild, knowing there was little that anyone would do about it. Only the most dedicated tried to enforce the law, but their numbers were too little to matter. People ran wild, and the bigger cities had crumbled due to this lawlessness. The smart kept their heads down and kept to themselves. Like Tina and Kevin Quentin. 

 The young couple lived a pretty quiet life typically. Both were more the creative, artistic type. They met in College and were now very happily married at the age of 24. Kevin worked for a website, writing news and reviews and other stuff, while Tina worked at one of those organic grocery stores. Both had very humble interests, enjoying experiencing new things rather than owning more stuff. So, when word came down that the world was ending, both of them packed what little stuff they cared about into a car, left the rest in their apartment, locked the door, and went on their way. 

 Everyone on the planet had worked through the seven stages of grief. Shock, pain, anger, depression, all the way to acceptance. The young couple were no different, but both of them were so unflinchingly positive that they reached acceptance quicker than most. They accepted whatever would happen to them, and they vowed to truly live this last month of life, together. 

 They had spent the last month disconnected from the world. No cell phones, no technology. Just each other, a few bags of clothing, and their humble little car. 

 They had hiked through the country's best trails, swam in oceans, lakes, seen the greenest of plains and bluest of skies. Just really take in the wonders of the planet, in each other's arms. Despite the grim circumstances, both would say it was the best month of their lives. 

 As they got closer to the end, they both had to decide what to do in their final days. Finally, it was decided to go to Tina's parents' lake house, a vacation spot in her younger days, but little used since her parents had passed a few years prior. 

 The dreaded day had arrived too quickly. The happy couple had just eaten their last meal, all the guilty pleasures they normally limited themselves on. And now they relaxed on the back porch, looking over the shining lake, as the sun began to set in the orange colored sky. They sat in a large rocking chair, covered in a blanket as the cool air blew past them. They were wrapped up in each other not saying much as the time ticked away. It was true love when the silences could say more than any words could. They were happy to be together, and that's all that needed to be said. 

 This silence went on, the only sounds heard were the light splashings of the lake and the whining of the bugs. The sun made the sky very colorful as it shown over the lustrous green trees. 

 "We couldn't have asked for a better night." Tina said in her husband's ear. 

 "I know. It's just... perfect." Kevin sighed, as happy as he had ever been. 

 Tina and Kevin were a cute couple. Both could be considered hipsters, judging by the clothing they wore. Both of them were also very attractive. She was a thin, petite brunette, with pale skin and a smattering of cute freckles. She wore thick, chunky black glasses, confirming her hipster fashion style. She was relatively short, with a nice, cute, petite butt, and a small set of B-cups. She wasn't a glamour girl or anything like that. And although she was very cute, she was one of those girls that got more and more attractive the more you got to know her. Her personality and humor was infectious, and after being around a guy for a while, it was inevitable they would develop a bit of a crush on the young cutie. 

 At first appearance, Kevin might seem an odd match for her. He was a good deal taller than her, and upon meeting him, he might be thought to be a bit intimidating. He was a formidable guy, fit but not a muscle head. He had a full, blondish-brown beard that added a layer of character to his handsome face. His hair was unkempt and scruffy, but this look worked for him. He might come across a bit gruff at first, but he was in fact a big teddy bear. Kevin had a big personality and was a lot of fun to be around, but his harder edges were softened by his sweet, friendly wife. They were perfectly matched, but opposite enough in other ways to keep things interesting. 

 The happy couple just sat there for a long time, letting the time pass in silence, taking the beauty of the world in, letting it wash all over them. This went on for a while before Tina broke the silence. 

 "So, what time is the uh... is it supposed to happen?" Tina asked. 

 "About sundown, so... in about two and a half hours... or so. They say when the end comes, we'll see nothing but light. The only way we'll know we survived is if we get 15 or 30 minutes past uh, you know, zero hour." Kevin replied, clutching her close. Even though both had accepted their fate, that didn't mean they were ready for the fun to end. Tina began to tear up. 

 "Hon... Thank you." she began, choked up. "Thank you for making me so happy, making me the happiest girl in the world, and thank you for making our last month something... incredible. I love you!" she said, kissing his cheek. 

 "Tina..." Kevin began, choking up at his wife's emotion, "You were the best thing that ever happened to me. If we have to go like this, there is not a person I would rather be with than you." 

 The happy couple moved together and pressed their lips together. In the middle of nowhere, surrounded by nature, not another person around for miles, neither of them could have asked for a more perfect moment. 

 *********** 

 (2 Hours Later) 

 Tina watched as her husband lied naked on the bed, his hands squeezing the massive pair of breasts on the woman on top of him as she rode his cock. 

 From this angle, she couldn't see her husband's face. All Tina could see was the perfect body of the woman on top of him. Her perfect, heart-shaped ass flexed as she rode Kevin, and her firm, fit back showed off her lusciously soft skin. And her breasts were so big Tina could see the firm, rounded flesh from behind. The only interruption of their perfection was her husband's hands pawing at them. 

 Neither of the illicit lovers on the bed acknowledged her. They just ignored Tina and kept fucking. 

 *********** 

 (2 Hours Earlier) 

 "I bet he's freaking out, though." Kevin said with a laugh as they sipped a bottle of wine, talking about what their friends were up to at the end of the world. They had kind of disconnected from things after a bit, only saying goodbye to a few select close friends. 

 "Did you ever hear from Bridget?" Kevin asked. 

 "No." Tina said simply. "Nor did I expect to." 

 Bridget was Tina's older sister. She was 28 and as different as could be from her younger sister. While Tina was carefree and very warm and caring, Bridget was very high-powered and cold, a girl who saw herself as a future CEO, a true corporate, ruthless businesswoman if there ever was one. She lived a jet- setting life, traveling the world for work, more worried about money than personal connection or growth. When Bridget saw the style of life Tina lived in, a very easy-going, carefree existence, Bridget wrote her off. She yelled at her younger sister to grow up and be an adult and quit acting like a child. After their parents' funeral, Bridget made no effort to reconnect with Tina, choosing her life-style over her sister. 

 "How do you think she's reacting?" Kevin asked. 

 "I'm sure she's freaking out." Tina said with a laugh, she's such a control freak that having no control of her fate must be rocking her world." 

 "I'm sorry, Tina. I know she's your sister, but she is one straight up bitch." Kevin said. 

 "Oh, I know. I never liked this phrase, but 'who cares?' It's the end of the world. My older sister's a straight-up cunt." Tina said, causing her husband to laugh. 

 "Do we have another bottle?" Kevin asked, finishing off their first bottle of wine with a healthy swig. 

 "Uh, yeah, one more I think." Tina replied. 

 "I'll go grab it." Kevin offered. 

 "I'll come in too. I have to pee." Tina replied. After a few minutes, Kevin grabbed the last bottle of wine and made to open it as Tina went to the bathroom. It was as she returned to the kitchen and he finally got the bottle open that their world changed. 

 There was a knock at the door. 

 Kevin and Tina looked at each other, confused. Who could that be? 

 Kevin set down the wine and both of them moved towards the door. Kevin grabbed the doorknob and pulled it open. Standing on the stoop was someone they did not believe they were seeing. 

 "Bridget?" Tina called out. 

 Kevin's sister-in-law was standing on the front porch. Needless to say, the married couple were shocked to see her. 

 Kevin stood back and took her in. He had not seen Bridget in a few years, so being confronted with her standing right in front of him made him again take in the fact that she was an extremely beautiful woman. Hers was the beauty you would see in magazines or adult websites. She was a tall, statuesque woman, clad in feminine business wear, highlighting her best features. She looked like she stepped out of a boardroom, a boardroom she was no doubt the star of. She wore high heels, making her stand taller than she would normally. Her tight, black business pants clung to her firm legs, highlighting how fit she was. Her pants hung low on her lips, and even though it was probably not up to dress code, a thin line of her fit belly was visible between her blouse and her pants. She wore a matching black jacket and a silky white blouse, clinging to her, highlighting her proudest features, namely, her gigantic breasts. Her breasts stood out like a shelf from her thin frame, testing the strength of her blouse, which was unbuttoned enough to show off a bit of her deep cleavage. Her exposed skin was tanned to perfection, her skin silky and smooth. Kevin glanced at her face. 

 Bridget's hair was shiny and full, falling in deep crimson waves past her shoulders. It looked she went to the best salons money could buy. Her face was perfectly made up, her plump lips glossy, her striking eyes smoky and sexy. She wore a big pair of peach colored designer sunglasses, reflecting the evening sun but allowing her eyes to be visible through them. She looked like a girl used to the better things in life. 

 As soon as the door opened, Bridget looked up and smiled, an unusual expression on her typically disinterested face, smiling as if she knew she was supposed to do that to keep up social niceties. 

 "Hello, baby sis. How did I know you'd be here?" Bridget said. 

 "What are you doing here?" Tina asked. 

 "Well, I know it's kinda last minute, but, I've been thinking that, in our last hours, maybe you and I should make our peace." Bridget said. 

 "Really?" Tina asked skeptically. 

 "Of course. I wouldn't have cashed in a favor and taken the company jet and flown in here if I wasn't serious." Bridget said. Both Kevin and Tina looked unsure. "C'mon guys, I'm serious. Can I come in so we can talk? Trust me, I mean no harm." 

 ************ 

 (One Hour Later) 

 "Oh God, Bridget, your pussy's so fucking tight!" Kevin called out, looking up at the voluptuous slut on top of him. 

 "FUCK! I always knew your cock would be big!" Bridget moaned out. "Squeeze my tits! Squeeze my huge fucking tits!" 

 Kevin slapped his hands back onto his sister-in-law's huge fucking tits again. He couldn't get enough. They were so big! He pinched her nipples, making the bitch moan on top of him. 

 "This was so fucking worth it!" Bridget screamed, reveling in betraying her little sis. It made their years of disagreements, years of fighting, sibling rivalry, and jealous spats, so totally worth it. She had conquered her little sister's man. Stolen him at the last minute. The thought made her scream. 

 "FUCK YES!" Bridget screamed. 

 Her pussy tightened around Kevin's thick bare cock as she came. 

 ************ 

 (One Hour Earlier) 

 Bridget set down her tiny designer handbag on the side-table as she sauntered in, showing off the way her pants clung to her heart-shaped ass as she walked. 

 "How are you doing, Bridget?" Kevin asked cordially. 

 "Well, considering the world's about to end, I'd say I'm doing alright." Bridget responded with a bright smile. 

 "You... uh... ready for the end?" Kevin asked. 

 "Never." she responded with a sly smile. "There's still so much left to do." 

 "Have you, uh, made your peace with things?" Tina asked. 

 "Well, that's what brings us here, isn't it?" Bridget asked, facing the happy couple. "Now, I know time is short, so I hope I'm not intruding on anything?" 

 "No, uh... of course not." Tina replied, too nice to admit that her sister probably was ruining their plans to be alone together at the end. 

 "Good." Bridget said firmly, her manner of speaking very confident. 

 "Do you guys want me to leave you alone while you talk?" Kevin asked. 

 "No, that's not..." Tina began. 

 "If you could." Bridget interrupted. 

 "No. Uh, I want him to stay, if you don't mind." Tina said firmly, standing up to her confident older sister. Kevin stood in place, poised to go either direction, waiting for Bridget's reaction. 

 "Fine." Bridget said firmly. Kevin nodded and moved to the couch, sitting next to his wife. 

 "I always hated this place." Bridget began, slipping off her coat and folding it over a chair as she studied the inside of the lake house. "There was just never anything here for me to do. Just all this nature bullshit." 

 "You always liked your stuff." Tina said. 

 "This place was always your thing more than mine." Bridget replied, looking around as if disgusted by the plainness of this house. 

 "So... uh, what did you want to talk about?" Tina asked. "I don't know if you've noticed, we don't have much time." 

 Kevin was surprised to see his wife standing up to her big sister. She was usually so timid around her pushy sister. It filled Kevin with pride to see his wife standing up for herself. Kevin was curious though, about how Bridget would react to this. There was a tense few moments, and then Bridget smiled wide. 

 "Of course." Bridget relented. She gathered her thoughts and began to speak, her heels clicking on the floor as she paced around. "I know there has always been this... tension between us. This rivalry. We've never exactly been the closest of sisters. I know that I can be a bit much. I know I said a lot of bad things to you. About your fashion sense. Your lame music. Your boyfriends. Your career." 

 "You say it as if it was a two-way street. I never did anything to you. You were terrible to me for no reason!" Tina said. Again, Bridget paused, and Kevin couldn't tell if she was impressed with her little sister or furious at her. 

 "Uh, yeah, of course. I will admit I have been a bit... immature. I just always felt this... I don't know, this need... to really just give you shit at every opportunity. I can't explain it. I just got this odd thrill over running you down and making you feel like crap. I know that sounds awful, and that probably makes me a terrible person. I just always felt this need to have to prove that I was better than you. I don't know why. Maybe it was cause Mom and Dad always fawned over you. Maybe cause you were everyone's favorite. I don't know. Now that I know the end is coming and I think about everything I've done. I wanted to make sure you and I made our peace before the end. I want to tell you I'm sorry Tina." Bridget said. Tina had been listening intently to every word, and at this apology, she began to tear up. This was the first time Bridget had ever apologized to Tina for her terrible attitude. 

 "I'm sorry for everything. For being a terrible older sister. For being a bully!" Bridget began. "I'm sorry for not talking to you or keeping in contact. I'm sorry for acting like we weren't family!" Bridget said, impassioned. "You are my little sister, and I think I forgot about that. Now that we are near the end, we need to be with family, be around people who love and care about us! I was a terrible older sister, but if somehow, someway we survive all this, I vow to be the best older sister you could ever imagine." 

 ************ 

 (One Hour Later) 

 "Fuck your wife's sister, Kevin! FUCK ME!" Bridget screamed as her hunky brother-in-law fucked her doggy style. 

 "Holy fuck you're incredible!" Kevin moaned out, driving into her. 

 "Do you hear me sis? Do you hear me fucking your husband, my sweet baby sister?" Bridget snarled out. 

 "Squeeze my tits, baby." Bridget purred to Kevin. Kevin reached down and took two big handholds of her massive EE cups. His fingers dug into her soft, pliant flesh as her massive tits molded against his palms. 

 "I want you to get in here, sis. I want you to look at my tits, Tina! Look at my breasts, so much bigger than yours! Look at how roughly your hubby squeezes them. Look at how I got all the good genes, how I got all the blessings, and that your own husband loves me so much more than you because of it. Ha Ha!" Bridget cackled. 

 *********** 

 (One Hour Earlier) 

 Tina ran into her older sister's arms with a big smile on her face. She ran into a long overdue hug as the two sisters clutched each other tightly. 

 "I'm sorry for crying." Tina sobbed, her tears falling onto her sister's designer blouse. 

 "Oh, it's okay." Bridget said, wiping away her own tear filled eyes. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Thong on the End of the World ****** byTheTalkMan© "Hon, your makeup is running." Bridget said, pulling back before her shirt got stained. 

 "Ha, oh I'm sorry, I'm just, you know... this has been going on so long. It' like a weight's been lifted." Tina said, trying to stop crying. 

 Kevin smiled happily, watching these two sisters finally make their peace. 

 "Go clean up." Bridget told her sister. "Put yourself together. You want to look your best for the end." 

 Tina nodded and walked away, going to the bathroom to pull herself together. 

 As soon as she was gone, Bridget turned to look at Kevin. She smiled brightly at her brother-in-law and moved to the couch. 

 "Come sit next to me." she suggested, patting the cushion next to her. Eager to drop his negative feelings about his sister-in-law, Kevin didn't pause, sitting next to his sister-in-law. Kevin smiled at Bridget as she blinked rapidly, clearing away the tears. She looked at Kevin and her expression seemed to change. Her loving, sisterly, almost embarrassed-to-be-seen-crying smile look transformed into an almost wicked smile. He grabbed his wine glass and took a sip. 

 "So, Kevin..." she began, "I think Tina will be gone a few minutes so... you wanna fuck?" 

 Kevin choked on his drink. He began to cough as his sister-in-law smiled evilly. 

 "Is this a joke?" Kevin sputtered. 

 "No joke, baby. I am completely serious." Bridget said, her tears vanishing. Kevin processed everything. 

 "Is this all a fucking act or something?" Kevin said, whispering harshly. 

 "Of course! You think these are real tears? All naughty girls know how to cry to get their way." she stated. "My little sister is a fucking moron, Kevin. Even at the end of the world, some things don't change. Tina is a loser, she has always been a loser, and she always will be a loser. She is the type of girl who will always come up short." 

 "What the fuck are you talking about? Why are you doing this? Why are you even here?" Kevin asked. 

 "I intend to go out the same way I lived: moaning my head off, cumming like crazy, with a big fat cock in my cunt!" Bridget said. 

 "What?" Kevin asked, putting his head in his hands. "What the fuck?" 

 "I never got the chance to fuck any of my sister's boyfriends. I so wanted to, but like I said, she always dated such losers. You're the first hunk she ever dated. And you are a hunk! I know I've always been kind of a huge bitch to you, but don't think for one moment I didn't notice that fat cock you have packed away in your pants the first time I met you. I know you fucking hate me right now, but know this: in my experience, hate-fucking is about as good as it gets." Bridget purred, reaching over to touch his arm. 

 "No!" he said, pulling away. 

 "Oh, c'mon, Kevin. I wore my tiniest thong today, just for you." Bridget said. "And don't you want to finally see my huge tits!" she said, cupping them through her blouse. "C'mon, you can see them right now if you just give the word." 

 "No!" Kevin repeated. "You need to leave now!" 

 "Really? You want to kick me out of the house just after me and your wife made a huge breakthrough? You want to ruin your wife's good mood, or is it that you're afraid you can't resist me?" his busty sister-in-law asked. 

 "Fuck you!" Kevin exclaimed. Both heard the bathroom door open and Tina's footsteps approaching. 

 "Listen, it's not gonna happen? Okay? The only reason I'm not gonna throw you out of this house is because of Tina, okay? I don't want to fuck you! I don't want you at all! So don't bother trying, don't make a move, don't do anything over the line. Let's just go to the end in peace. Got it!? No funny stuff." 

 "Of course, hon. But just think about what you're missing out on." Bridget purred, unbuttoning her blouse, showing off more of her cavernous, juicy cleavage. 

 "I'll think I'll be alright." Kevin spat out. 

 ********** 

 (One Hour Later) 

 "Oh fuck, I love your tits!" Kevin grunted, scrubbing his face between his sister-in-law's massive, sweaty breasts, before cupping her huge jugs and taking her rock hard nipple into his mouth. 

 "I know, baby, I know." Bridget purred, patting his head as he sucked at her giant breast. "Look at us, sis. Look at how much your hubby loves me now!" 

 *********** 

 (One Hour Earlier) 

 "Hey guys, sorry about that." Tina called out sheepishly as she re-entered the living room. 

 "Oh, no problem sis." Bridget replied, standing up, greeting her sister perkily as she entered. Kevin looked a bit nervous, but he didn't say anything. "I'll tell you what, guys, let's pour some wine and talk a bit before the end. We've only got a little over an hour left, so let's just relax and chat." she suggested. 

 "Sounds good." Tina said brightly, grabbing the wine and filling up three glasses. Kevin didn't have the heart to tell his wife what Bridget had just done. 

 Minutes later, all three were on the couch, Bridget between the couple. Kevin was kinda silent as Bridget and Tina caught up. Bridget bent towards her sister as they talked, and as she did, her shirt pulled up, revealing her tiny thong pulled up over the hem of her pants, the tiny strings resting on her prominent hips, truly showing off her tiny, slutty underwear. 

 "So guys..." Bridget called out, putting a hand on each of their knees, "Before the end, we should say the one thing we wished we had done but weren't able to." 

 "I don't know." Kevin said, knowing this could be a dangerous question. 

 "Oh c'mon, it'll be fun." Bridget chirped. 

 "Yeah, okay." Tina said, eager to go along with her older sister. 

 "So, what's yours?" Bridget asked her sister. 

 "Uh, well, I never got to go skydiving. I wanted to go in the last month or so, but, you know, all the businesses kinda crumbled." Tina said. 

 "Kev?" Bridget asked. 

 "Uhh, well... I always wanted to go to Europe. Just go hiking through the mountains, embracing new cultures. Stuff like that." Kevin replied. 

 "How bout you?" Tina asked. 

 "Anal." Bridget responded quickly. Both Kevin and Tina choked on their drinks. "Definitely anal." 

 "Bridget!" said a shocked Tina. 

 "What? Hey, I've done just about everything I wanted to. But I never found a guy man enough to fuck my ass! That's not so bad, is it?" Bridget asked, unaffected by the couple's shock. "Oh, c'mon guys! We're all adults here. We can talk about sex. We're all mature." she paused. Both Kevin and Tina sipped their wine, eager to not say anything as this awkward pause enveloped them. 

 "Oh, c'mon." Bridget asked, setting her wine on the table, standing up, and bending over in front of the married couple. "Look at this ass! It's perfect! Tell me, Kevin, if my sister had a butt like mine, would you fuck it?" 

 "Bridget!" Kevin warned. 

 "Sis, this is getting a bit, uh, much." Tina said, trying to escape this awkwardness. 

 "Just give me an honest answer, Kevin. C'mon, we're family! Here..." She paused. Before either could react, Bridget reached down and pulled down her pants below her butt, exposing her thong-clad ass to her little sister and her husband. 

 "Jesus Christ!" Tina called out in shock. 

 "Jesus!" Kevin said, in a very different tone. 

 Despite his dislike of her, Kevin couldn't help but notice Bridget's out-of- this-world ass. It was simply incredible. Each cheek was ripe and juicy and firm with muscle, and the tiny thong threaded between the cheeks, disappearing between them, practically leaving her ass bared. 

 "Pull up your pants, sis!" Tina cried out. 

 "I will. But I want Kevin to answer my question. Would you fuck this butt?" Bridget asked. 

 "Uh, no! Of course not! I'm not into butt stuff. I respect any girl too much to push her into that." Kevin replied. 

 "But would you do it if offered?" Bridget asked. 

 "NO! Now pull your pants up!" Kevin said, "I'm not into anal!" 

 ************ 

 (One Hour Later) 

 "FUCK MY ASS, KEVIN! FUCK MY ASS!" Bridget screamed. 

 Kevin drove into her ass, kneeling behind her as she bent over on all fours, forcing his thick ten-incher up her stupidly tight asshole. 

 "Oh my God, this is incredible! I love fucking your fucking ass!" Kevin grunted. 

 Bridget smiled smugly. 

 "You hear that, sis! He loves fucking your hot older sister's asshole!" 

 ************* 

 (One Hour Earlier) 

 "Sorry guys." Bridget said, pulling up her pants, sitting back down, a naughty glint in her eye. 

 "What are you doing, Bridget?" Tina asked, sensing something was up. 

 "Bridget, you should go." Kevin said, seeing Bridget was not afraid to step things up, even in front of her own sister. 

 "No, I don't think I'll be going anywhere." Bridget said, setting down her wine glass. Bridget stood up and stepped in front of the happy couple, both of them looking confused. "I have a confession to make, sis." 

 Moving quickly, Bridget grabbed the seam in her designer blouse and ripped it apart, sending buttons flying, exposing her massive, firm, enormous, braless breasts to her little sister and her brother-in-law. 

 "Holy Shit!" Tina called out. 

 "What the fuck!" Kevin cried, his eyes open wide, despite his better feelings. 

 They were soooo big! They were like watermelons on her chest. Just perfectly tanned, silky skin, lusciously soft and smooth, round and perky, incredibly firm, with hard nipples and perfectly circular areolas. They sat out like a shelf on her chest from between the sides of her torn open blouse. And most importantly, they were just fucking huge. 

 "Tina, I have a confession. I'm gonna fuck your husband tonight. He's gonna spend this last hour in bed, with me!" Bridget moaned out, pinching her own nipples. 

 "What the fuck are you doing, sis?" Tina cried out, her eyes welling. 

 "Cut the crap, sis. You actually believed that BS I was telling you? You really are that dumb, aren't you?" Bridget said, letting the blouse slip from her shoulders, then unbuttoning her pants and letting them fall to her feet. 

 Her long, golden legs were exposed to the couple, the flesh firm and taut and ridiculously sexy. The only thing covering her was her teeny, tiny thong, which barely covered her sweet cunt. 

 "That's it!" Tina cried out, standing up. "You're just an evil fucking bitch! You'll never change! God, I wanted to believe you, but I should have known better. You're a bitch, and you'll always be a bitch!" Kevin stood up as his wife stepped towards her barely clad older sister. 

 "Be nice, sis." Bridget pouted with an evil smile. She backed towards the sliding glass door leading towards the back porch. "If you want me out of the house, then do it yourself, sis. If you want to stand up to me, get the job done. Finally, here at the end, prove that you are better than me." Bridget dared. 

 Tina's anger boiled over. For years, her sister had made her feel like crap, made fun of her, and ran her down. Now, it is time to get revenge. To shut up her sister once and for all. 

 Holding her hands out, fingers extended like claws, she jumped at her older sister. Moving like a dancer, Bridget slid to the slide, pulling the glass door with her. Tina fell through the open door, tripping over the bottom rail, falling outside onto the porch clumsily, falling onto her side. She winced a bit, but looked back at her smug, nearly nude sister. Bridget leaned down and slid off her thong, leaving herself nude. As Tina got to her feet and moved to get at her sister, Bridget shot her thong like a slingshot at her sister's face before sliding the door shut and locking it, forcing Tina to bang her nose on the door. Tina stepped back, dazed, looking through the glass door as her sister stood triumphant. 

 "WHAT THE FUCK!" Kevin screamed, approaching Bridget angrily. Bridget spun and blocked the door with her body. He stopped when she posed against the door, exposing her suddenly nude form. In his anger, he didn't notice her bare, gorgeous pussy, dripping with want. 

 "GET OUT OF THE WAY!" Kevin yelled. 

 "To get to her, you'll have to get through me." Bridget purred, her ass pressing against the cool glass as she rested her foot on the glass, posing for the married man. Tina slammed her fist on the glass. 

 "Let me in!" Tina said, her voice muffled. Kevin didn't want to touch this evil slut, but he wanted to get her out of the way. Then, an obvious idea came to him. 

 "Tina! Go around!" he called out, telling her to go to the front door. She nodded and obeyed as Kevin walked towards the front, smiling at the evil slut, in apparent victory. 

 Kevin turned his back to her, and he got within feet of the door when he heard footsteps behind him. Bridget jumped on his back, wrapping her arm around his neck. 

 "Hnggnh!" Kevin grunted as he was choked. Kevin stumbled to the side, trying to detangle himself from the crazed slut on his shoulders. Reaching up, he tried to pull her hands apart. After a bit of struggle, he succeeded, pulling her arms apart and spinning around, trying to toss her away. As he did, she grabbed his wrists, not letting him get away. He pushed her away, but her grip pulled him with her. 

 Bridget's back hit the wall. She was gasping hotly, her eyes looking crazed, hair looking wild with exertion. She was gasping as she looked at her hot brother-in-law. A smile crossed her lips, confusing Kevin. Then he realized why. He didn't realize that at the same moment Bridget's back hit the wall, Kevin's hands landed on her tits. 

 "They're nice, aren't they?" Bridget gasped as she felt her brother-in-law's manly hands against her smooth, soft flesh. Kevin looked down to see his hands pressed into her smooth, doughy flesh, her round tits pressing between his fingers, her nipples against his palms. He was in shock, not knowing how his hands ended up there, but for some reason not able to pull back. 

 "Hey, Kevin! The door's locked!" Tina said, slamming on the front door. 

 Bridget reached up and pressed her hands against Kevin's, forcing him to reluctantly squeeze her huge breasts, really forcing him to dig in and feel them. 

 "Do you like them?" Bridget whispered, his strong fingers feeling her lightly slick with sweat breasts. Kevin couldn't reply. 

 "They are just soooo big, aren't they?" Bridget whispered. Kevin was getting lost. He hated this evil woman. Hated her. But here he was, molesting her massive boobs, as she looked on hotly, and he couldn't say a word. 

 "Just keep squeezing them. Lose yourself in them." Bridget whispered. 

 "HEY! Kevin! Where are you? Are you okay?" Tina called through the door. 

 "Looking at my sister, I think there are a lot of things you never got to experience in life. Naughty things." Bridget purred. Kevin couldn't pull his hands away as his hands kept kneading her massive EE cups. 

 "Don't you want to fuck a real woman?" she asked. 

 Squeeze. 

 "Don't you wish you could do anything you want to a pair of huge tits like mine?" 

 Squeeze. 

 "Don't you want a whore like me to suck your cock?" 

 Squeeze. 

 "Don't you want to feel one of those tight, extra-squeezy pussies all your friends talk about?" 

 Squeeze. 

 "Don't you want to fuck a girl up the ass? Just fuck the hell out of her?" 

 Squeeze. 

 "Don't you want to spend your last hour in bed, making a bitch like me moan?" 

 Squeeze. 

 "Don't you want to have your final act be knocking up your hot sister-in-law?" 

 Squeeze. 

 "Hey! What's going on!" Tina called out. "I'm gonna run back around." 

 "You'd better decide fast, Kevin. You could have this body, right now. What does it matter? We're all dead anyway. Just be selfish and have some nasty fun before you go. You could either cuddle with your wife, or fuck the shit out of your wife's hot older sister. What do you want to do?" Bridget whispered. 

 She stepped forward, pressing her large breasts against his fit chest. She looked up at him, awaiting an answer. 

 Kevin was in shock. What the hell had just happened? Why was he squeezing Bridget's huge breasts? Why couldn't he stop himself? This was so wrong! He hated this evil woman! Hated her. She was a vile woman. But she admittedly was smoking hot, and her body was clearly affecting him. His cock felt rock hard in his pants. 

 Wait, this was ridiculous! This was the last hour before the apocalypse! He should spend it with his wife! His true love! Not banging some vile whore. His last act should be kissing his wife, not fucking a tight, slutty pussy. He should take in the stars and wonders of the planet, not a pair of huge juicy tits. He was an artful, creative, articulate young man. Not a slut-banging prick. Hot bodies didn't matter to him. He liked cute girls. He didn't need a girl with gorgeous looks. Plump, kissable lips. Gorgeous tan skin. Giant, soft, perky, amazing breasts. A juicy, fuckable ass, ready to take a hard fucking. He didn't need to fuck one of those super-tight cunts. 

 No! He loved his wife! This was madness. He was a good guy! What kind of guy would betray his wife at the last minute just to bang some slut? What kind of husband would use the end of the world as an excuse to cheat on his wife? 

 He loved his wife. She was so cute and funny and lovable and smart. The only thing her older sister had was huge tits, a juicy ass, long legs, a gorgeous face, perfect dick-sucking lips, sexy hair, and the mind of a filthy whore. 

 Kevin looked down at his evil sister-in-law and her hot body. She smiled evilly. He thought of his wife, and all the great moments she had given to him. What meant more to him, his lovely, beautiful wife, or the way these massive, soft, suckable, fuckable tits felt? 

 The choice should be obvious. 

 *********** 

 (Ten Minutes Later) 

 "What the fuck is going on? Tina said, cupping her hands, looking through the glass door, seeing no signs of life. "Where is he?" she wondered. 

 "Oh fuck!" Kevin said, finally pushing his thick cock into Bridget's tight cunt. 

 "That's it! That's fucking it!" Bridget moaned out. She was on her back, her legs eagerly spread as Kevin was hunched over her, forcing his thick cock into his sister-in-law, finally. 

 "Holy shit, you're tight!" Kevin grunted. 

 "Mmmm, I've been waiting years for this cock!" Bridget screamed out. She palmed one of his ass-cheeks and forced him forward, forcing all ten inches of his cock into her sweet, welcoming cunt. 

 "Oh my God! Holy Shit!" Kevin said as his cock bottomed out. 

 "Mmmm, is that pussy worth it baby? Is that worth betraying your wife for?" Bridget asked with a wicked smile. 

 "Holy fuck! Fuck yes!" Kevin replied, diving forward, his lips meeting hers, his hands traveling up her smooth skin to immerse himself in her voluminous rack. 

 ************ 

 (Ten Minutes Later) 

 Tina tried pulling open the front door, but it wasn't budging. 

 "Ow!" she said, her hands sore as she tried to rip the door open. 

 "Oh my God they are so soft!" Kevin screamed, reaching up, squeezing his sister-in-law's massive tits as she rode him. 

 "Your cock's so fucking fat!" Bridget moaned out. "I love it! It's so yummy!" 

 Bridget bounced roughly on Kevin, bruising his thighs as the whore viciously rode him. 

 "Oh God, Bridget, your pussy's so fucking tight!" Kevin called out, looking up at the voluptuous slut on top of him. 

 "FUCK! I always knew your cock would be big!" Bridget moaned out. "Squeeze my tits! Squeeze my huge fucking tits!" 

 Kevin squeezed them again. He couldn't get enough. They were just so big and soft! He pinched her nipples, making the bitch moan on top of him. 

 "This was so fucking worth it!" Bridget screamed, reveling in betraying her little sis. It made their years of disagreements, years of fighting, sibling rivalry, and jealous spats, so totally worth it. She had conquered her little sister's man. Stolen him at the last minute. The thought made her scream. 

 "FUCK YES!" Bridget screamed. 

 Her pussy tightened around Kevin's thick bare cock as she came. 

 "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" Bridget squealed, her body jerking as she rode out her orgasm, her tight cunt squeezing her brother-in-law's pumping cock, trying to coax the cum out. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Thong on the End of the World ****** byTheTalkMan© Bridget sighed as her body relaxed, coming down from her orgasm. 

 "Mmmm, a man with stamina." she purred. "A man built just for me." 

 ********** 

 (Ten Minutes Later) 

 Tina walked around the house, trying the windows, hoping to get one of them open. None were budging. It was as she reached the corner of the house that she heard a noise, but the sounds were too muffled to understand. 

 "Bridget, you can fucking suck dick! Holy fuck!" Kevin screamed, looking down as his sister-in-law took his cock down to the balls, her plump lips wrapped around his shaft. "Okay, I'm ready." 

 Bridget pulled her mouth from Kevin's dick, knee crawling on the bed. She turned around and got on her knees, pointing her perfect bare butt at him. 

 Smirking evilly, he climbed up behind her and poised his dick at her cunt. Grabbing her hips, he forced his way back inside her again. With a slap on her ass, this fuck commenced. 

 "Mmm, that's it. Fuck me! You love fucking me more than my sister, don't you?" Bridget moaned out. 

 "Yes! Fuck yes! I love your hot fucking body!" Kevin moaned out. 

 "You love me more than her, already, don't you?" Bridget squealed out. 

 "Yes! I love you! Your pussy's amazing!" Kevin said. 

 "Fuck your wife's sister, Kevin! FUCK ME!" Bridget screamed as her hunky brother-in-law fucked her doggy style. 

 "Holy fuck you're incredible!" Kevin moaned out, driving into her. 

 "Do you hear me sis? Do you hear me fucking your husband, my sweet baby sister?" Bridget snarled out. 

 "Squeeze my tits, baby." Bridget purred to Kevin. Kevin reached down and took two big handholds of her massive EE cups. His fingers dug into her soft, pliant flesh as her massive tits molded against his palms. 

 "I want you to get in here, sis. I want you to look at my tits, Tina! Look at my breasts, so much bigger than yours! Look at how roughly your hubby squeezes them. Look at how I got all the good genes, how I got all the blessings, and that your own husband loves me so much more than you because of it. Ha Ha!" Bridget cackled. 

 "Admit it! Admit you married the defective sister! Admit you wished you had married the hot sister instead! Even though I've always been a huge fucking bitch to you!" Bridget squealed. 

 "YESSS! FUCK YES! You've always been so fucking hot! So fucking fuckable!" Kevin screamed out. God your pussy's incredible!" 

 "You don't get very far in business without having a tight fucking cunt like mine!" she called out. 

 "I fucking bet!" Kevin said, pounding her cunt from behind with all of his strength. "I bet that cunt would make you a CEO!" 

 "OHHH, FUCK YES! MAKE ME CUM AGAIN!" Bridget screamed. 

 ************ 

 (Ten Minutes Later) 

 "Kevin! Can you hear me! What's going on! Are you okay!" Tina screamed out, hoping he would hear her. 

 But he couldn't. His ears were muffled by some things. Big, soft, succulent things. 

 "Oh fuck, I love your tits!" Kevin grunted, scrubbing his face between his sister-in-law's massive, sweaty breasts, before cupping her huge jugs and taking her rock hard nipple into his mouth. 

 "I know, baby, I know." Bridget purred, patting his head as he sucked at her giant breast. "Look at us, sis. Look at how much your hubby loves me now!" 

 "Take them in, baby. Take them in. Take as long as you need sucking my big rack!" Bridget moaned out. 

 Bridget grabbed his head tight and forced his face against her pillowy breasts, smothering him in softness. 

 "You could spend your whole life sucking these, couldn't you?" Bridget whispered lovingly. 

 "Mmmmm Ughh!" Kevin said, his voice muffled by her tits. 

 "Mmm, drown in them. Drown in their softness." she purred, holding her brother- in-law to her breasts as she sat lazily on the bed. 

 A shiver ran through her as she closed her eyes and moaned. In bed with her sister's man. Life couldn't get better. 

 ************** 

 (Ten Minutes Later) 

 Tina was panicking. She was running out of time to get back inside. Something really wrong was happening. She didn't know what to do. 

 She was right. Something really wrong was happening inside. 

 Kevin pressed his cock against Bridget's asshole and began to push. 

 "Oh... oh... OH... Holy fuck you're tight!" Kevin said. 

 "UGHHHHHHHHHHH! FINALLLLY! OHHHHMMMMYYYYGOODDDD! You have no idea how long I've wanted a cock in my ass! HOLY SHIT AHHHH!" Bridget squealed. "You are an ass man, aren't you! You've wanted to fuck a girl up the ass for years, haven't you!?" 

 "YESSS! You have no idea how long I've wanted this!" Kevin grunted, driving his full ten-inch length into her. 

 "FUCK ME! FUCK MY ASS! STRETCH MY TIGHT ASSHOLE WITH THAT COCK!" Bridget screamed. Kevin built up speed, soon driving into her ass as hard as he could. 

 "I love it! I fucking love it!" Kevin bellowed out. 

 "FUCK MY ASS, KEVIN! FUCK MY ASS!" Bridget screamed. 

 Kevin drove into her ass, kneeling behind her as she bent over on all fours, forcing his thick ten-incher up her stupidly tight asshole. 

 "Oh my God, this is incredible! I love fucking your fucking ass!" Kevin grunted. 

 Bridget smiled smugly. 

 "You hear that sis! He loves fucking your hot older sister's asshole!" she cried out. "And if you don't hurry up, he's gonna fill my ass with cum!" 

 "You'll never be able to go back? You won't be able to go back to just fucking a girl in her cunt. You won't even give a girl a chance unless she gives up the complete set of holes!" Bridget moaned out. 

 Kevin drove into his wife's sister's asshole. This was insane! Just fucking incredible. His wife's older sister's asshole was the greatest thing he had ever experienced in his whole life. All that world travel, all that art he took in, his true love, his marriage to his wife, none of that compared to his wife's older sister's butthole. It was that fucking good! 

 "Scream out to my sister! Tell her how you feel!" Bridget moaned out. 

 "I love your sister!" Kevin screamed out. "Tina! I love fucking your bitch sister's asshole!" 

 ************ 

 (Ten Minutes Later) 

 Tina tossed a large rock through the glass door, shattering it. She was running out of time. She had to get inside. 

 She heard some noise and went to follow. Tina sprinted quickly towards the source. She finally reached the bedroom, and as she looked inside, she couldn't believe what she was seeing. 

 Tina watched as her husband lied naked on the bed, his hands squeezing the massive pair of breasts on the woman on top of him as she rode his cock. 

 From this angle, she couldn't see her husband's face. All Tina could see was the perfect body of the woman on top of him. Her perfect, heart-shaped ass flexed as she rode Kevin, and her firm, fit back showed off her lusciously soft skin. And her breasts were so big Tina could see the firm, rounded flesh from behind, the only interruption of their perfection was her husband's hands pawing at them. 

 Neither of the illicit lovers on the bed acknowledged her. They just ignored Tina and kept fucking. 

 "What the fuck!" she screamed. Bridget turned around and glanced at her sister. 

 "Oh, fuck sis! I think, oh shit yes, I think I proved once and for all I am the best. Even your husband prefers me!" Bridget screamed out. 

 "How could you do this to me?" Tina cried out. 

 "Look at my body, sis. Can you blame him?" Bridget cackled. 

 "I... I... I can't believe this! Kevin! Please! Talk to me! What's happening?" Tina cried out, falling to her knees. 

 Bridget bounced harder, once again riding Kevin's huge dick. She was no longer looking at her sobbing little sister. She only focused on Kevin. 

 "Ughhh, Kevin, you want to knock me up, don't you? You want to knock me up in front of your pathetic wife, don't you!" Bridget squealed. 

 "YESSS! FUCK! So hot! Whatever you want, Bridget! Whatever you fucking want!" Kevin moaned. 

 "UGHH, FUCK YES! You'll give me a baby! I'll make sure of it. And Kevin, if the world doesn't end, and life goes on, you would stick with me, wouldn't you. You would choose your bitch of a sister-in-law over your wife, wouldn't you?" Bridget asked. 

 "Yes! GOD YES! I CHOOSE YOU!" Kevin grunted out. 

 "OH FUCK BABY! FUCK ME HARDER! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! CUM INSIDE ME AND KNOCK ME UP!" Bridget screamed. 

 Bridget bounced harder, riding her brother-in-law furiously, her ass slamming into his thighs. He squeezed her tits harder and harder, as he got closer to... 

 "I'M CUMMING!" Kevin grunted. 

 "No." Tina gasped. 

 "YESSSSSS! ME TOOOO! FUCKKK YESSSSS!" Bridget screamed, her ass and cunt flexing as she came, her cunt tightening around Kevin's fat cock again as his thick cock began pumping hot cum deep into his hot sister-in-law's womb. 

 They flexed and jerked as they came, riding out their hard orgasms together. 

 Tina crumbled to the floor, emotion overwhelming her. She couldn't believe it. At the last moment, the very last moment in the world, her husband had betrayed her. Betrayed her in favor of her selfish, evil older sister. Unbelievable. What the fuck was going on? This couldn't be real! This was a nightmare! 

 Tina was sobbing as the two lovers made out on the bed, the wet smacking echoing through the room. Finally, their bodies parted as Bridget rolled off of him, both of them breathing deep after the sexual marathon they just ran on each other. Bridget's mountainous, sweaty tits were pointed skyward, rising and falling as she gasped. Kevin was laid out, completely spent, breathing hard, his legs spread lazily, exposing his still swollen cock, covered by his wife's sister's juices, as his cock lied against his firm stomach. Looking at the bed, you would know some rough, vigorous sex just happened there. 

 Tina was crumbled on the ground, not able to withstand seeing what had just happened. At that moment. She was ready. Ready for the end, ready for the pain to leave. 

 But... it never did. This torture kept going on for what felt like forever. Finally, Tina heard footsteps above her. Daring to look, she looked up at her naked sister, standing proud. Bridget licked her lips and began to speak. 

 "They called off the apocalypse yesterday. Didn't you hear? All the governments announced it. Like, everyone already knows by now. Nothing's going to happen. Everything's going to go back to normal. You did notice it's, like, a half hour past zero hour, didn't you?" 

 Tina looked up through wet eyes at the clock. She was right. Zero Hour had passed. The world hadn't ended. The prophecy had been bullshit. Life was moving on. 

 Bridget laughed to herself as she sauntered casually to the shower. 

 "Kevin, you'd better gather your strength. We have a plane to catch. I need you at full strength. We have a cross-country flight, and I need something to pass the time." Bridget called out lazily. "Get ready for a whole new life, baby. I'm a busy fucking woman, so I need you ready at my beckon call. I'll bring in the money, I'll do the work, and all you have to do is fuck me three or four times a day, every day, and give me tons of beautiful babies. So, get ready to ditch this fucking life. That world ended. Time to enter a new one! " 

 Tina looked up at the bed, at her passed out, naked husband, looking so gorgeous. But the knowledge what he had been doing spoiled the beautiful sight. He had fucked her sister. Her evil older sister. At what he thought was the end, he chose Bridget and not her, his loving wife. His heart was Bridget's now. 

 The world was still intact, standing strong. But Tina stood crying, watching as her world ended. Report_Story 