#1 

 

 ****** An Awakening Ch. 01 ****** bygeronimo_appleby© Chapter 01: Angelique 

 I plan to add further scenes to this first one. As yet I only have an amorphous idea of where it is going to go. There is the obvious route of the mother's seduction, but also I may include Angelique's husband in some capacity. I really haven't decided yet. 

 Thank you to ProofreadManx for the suggestions and edit. Some suggestions I've taken, others I've let slip. Any errors in this scene are entirely mine. I hope this is enjoyed by you, the reader. 

 ************* 

 If a house has stood for over three hundred years it is sure to hold secrets; and of course, having no voice, its secrets will remain uncovered as the generations pass and living memory fades. Just such a place exists in anonymous, serene silence, hidden from view, surrounded by trees, and ever ready to accept yet another example of humanity's secrets. 

 As the spring dawn broke with its promise of warm sunshine and a cloudless blue sky, Lawrence looked out from his bedroom window and again felt the sweet rush of his homecoming. The rigours of university life over the preceding three months had taken their toll on the young man. The constant demands of course work and his recent rise to captaincy of the rugby team were unrelenting, but it wasn't until this very morning that Lawrence realised fully just how heavy his work load had been. The view from his window of the flat, green lawn and well kept gardens, known to him since his earliest memory, offered him a sense of familiar permanence and security. To be home, again, in Cambridgeshire on such a morning, and with the day's promise laid out before him, made Lawrence eager for the free outdoors. Even though his family employed two groundsmen to keep the lawns and gardens tidy, Lawrence had always loved to work outside, especially on days such as this, and he became enthusiastic to take on some hard, physical work. 

 So it was that an hour later that Lawrence was to be seen helping Joseph, one of the groundsmen carry cords of wood to the storehouse at the side of the manor. Joseph, a young fellow only a year or two older than Lawrence, would build tidy piles of logs outside the large shed next to the senior groundsman's workshop, from where Lawrence would collect them. His route took him under his widowed mother's second story bedroom window, and it was at this point on his final shuttle, that his mother threw open the curtains and was framed by the sash. Lawrence halted, his eyes, drawn by the movement, flicked upwards. At first he couldn't comprehend what he was seeing, but then the shock hit him, like he'd been doused with ice cold water when he realised his mother was naked. The shock was quickly replaced by a hot flush of embarrassment, but for some reason Lawrence couldn't move from his position, and what was worse, he couldn't drag his gaze from his mother's nudity. He knew he should avert his eyes, propriety demanded it, just as he knew he should move from the spot below his mother's bedroom, but he was powerless to do so. 

 Lawrence had never contemplated his mother's femininity before, and why should he? She was his mother, her sexuality was none of his concern, but to see her as she was, bordered by the wooden window with the thick green of the ivy softening the edges, he felt the illicit image of his mother's mature ripeness pound his senses. 

 His breath caught in his throat while his penis stirred and thickened in an involuntary reaction as his brain captured every exquisite, forbidden, physical detail of the figure so visible in the upstairs window. 

 Of Italian descent, his mother's near flawless skin was a light, golden brown. Her hair, tousled by sleep, fell to her shoulders in fine waves. Despite her being beyond forty, her breasts were round and proportioned, tipped by the dark coins of her areola with small nipples like small pebbles. The shape of everything revealed so candidly captivated him completely. Certainly no longer a slip of a girl, his mother's figure remained shapely and showed little sign of her mature years.Her narrow waist flared to agreeably wide hips, and Lawrence could just see the tops of her firm, athletic thighs, but the contemptible wall obscured his view of her knees and calves. Lawrence's gaze moved to the hypnotic vision of his mother's pubic bush. He had a sudden spark of taboo eroticism as he imagined her vulva. How would she taste? What would she look like spread across her bed, her legs wide in surrender, the pink core of her body exposed? Then he looked up to his mother's face and saw her eyes. 

 She was looking right back at him, staring at him in fact. Their eyes met and just for a moment, a sliver of time so fleeting that afterwards Lawrence couldn't decide if he'd imagined it or if it was real. He thought he saw her smirk slightly while striking a pose, her hip tilted to one side as the thigh pushed forwards, and in the next instant she was gone. 

 *** 

 The river Cam is a familiar feature to those passing through the city of Cambridge as either under graduate or as one of the city's many visitors. It is particularly pleasant to stroll along its banks on warm, English summer evenings, especially if a young man fancies showcasing a pretty girl on his arm. The atmosphere lends itself naturally to romance, and on that evening, in 1937, many courting couples could be seen by any casual observer sitting on the benches outside The Oarsman public house. Many carefree pairs were taking a stroll that evening, making the most of England's quirky early-summer sunshine. There was one particular couple, however, where the young man was anything but carefree, and the pretty girl with him wasn't his girlfriend or even fiancé. She was his sister. 

 Lawrence and Angelique had always been close. As children, with Angelique being two years his senior, Lawrence had sought the girl out whenever he was troubled or needed answers to his myriad childhood questions. For her part, Angelique had loved the role of guardian and confidant, and in recent years she had been privy to her brother's burgeoning sexual awakening and his subsequent experiences. It seemed entirely natural to Lawrence that he should seek guidance on these matters from his sister. Their close childhood meant that he felt completely open and at ease sharing his thoughts, feelings, and emotions with Angelique, and it was this morning's revelations that he was telling her about as they walked along the tow-path towards Angelique's town house. 

 'Our mother? You saw Mama nude?' The broad smile on the girl's face showed amusement. 'Oh, poor Larry,' she smirked, 'whatever's the matter with that?' Angelique hooked her arm through her brother's and laughed at his worried face. 'Do you not think it was an accident?' Then her face turned sly as she continued: 'Or do you think she openly flaunted herself at you?' 

 Lawrence stopped and turned to his sister. 'I'm really not sure.' He paused carefully to form his next phrase. 'It's as though she posed for me intentionally, Angelique. She was at the window for a long time, well a long moment, at least.' Lawrence's smooth brow furrowed with concentration. 'Then she stared right at me and struck a sort of pose, as though I was taking a photograph of her...' Lawrence then shook his head with consternation. 

 Angelique waited before asking, 'And how did that make you feel?' 

 Lawrence was too cocooned in his world of worry to notice the thickness in his sister's tone, her earlier amusement gone like a puff of smoke on a breeze. 

 'How did I feel? Oh, god!' Lawrence groaned and pulled his arm free from his sister's as he covered his face with his hands. 'I was staring at her... staring at her body...' 

 'Her body?' Angelique questioned; her voice low and intense. 'Tell me, please, brother dear, tell me what you saw.' 

 There was something in his sister's tone that caused Lawrence to pause and examine her face for a moment, a look in her eyes that he'd never seen before. It was disconcerting; like he was looking at his beloved sister and seeing her in a new light, as though there was some hidden, undefined quality in her he'd never recognised before. Lawrence shook his head briefly as though clearing his muddled thoughts. He thought it must be the confusion he felt over his current dilemma and he began to tell Angelique what he had seen. 

 'I saw her body, from the front; I saw it all from her knees upwards!' 

 'Not so loud, Lawrence,' Angelique murmured a warning and looked around to see if there was anyone close enough to hear. 'Please, just tell me what you saw.' Angelique led her brother away from the towpath towards the house she shared with her husband, a college lecturer. 'Tell me what Mother looks like naked. Did you find her... attractive?' 

 Lawrence stared at his sister again. Why was she asking these questions in that way? He watched her face redden with the intensity of his stare, but she recovered quickly and calmly opened the front door to her home. 

 'Why do you want to know so desperately?' Lawrence asked when they were comfortably seated in the reception room of the big house. 

 'I'm... umm...let's just say it fascinates me,' Angelique replied obliquely. 'I'm curious.' 

 Lawrence looked at his sister's face and experienced a strange sensation that was becoming all too familiar. He couldn't define what he was feeling; he would have been incapable of articulating it if he'd been pressed, but he felt a deep, primordial ache centred on his genitals and abdomen. It was the same sensation as earlier when he spied his mother at her window, only on this occasion it was the expression on his lovely sister's face and the melodic timbre of her voice that triggered it. 

 Lawrence was appalled when he felt his cock thicken in his crotch; the treacherous beast was suddenly huge and apparently clamouring for relief, but he found that his sudden erection overcame his discomfort at the situation. 

 Angelique shifted in her seat and said nothing while she closely studied her brother's face. She identified his initial discomfort, but then saw the change in his eyes. Her own eyes dropped lower along her brother's body. Then, when she saw the large bulge in his trousers, her eyes went from almost feline slits to wide amazement. She swallowed and then looked back up into her brother's face. 

 'Tell me what you saw,' she whispered softly as though afraid that a louder volume would shatter the unexpected, close atmosphere. Angelique leaned forward slightly in her seat and licked her lips as she nervously awaited her brother's reply. 

 'Mother's breasts . . .' Lawrence began uncertainly. 'I saw her beautiful breasts and...' 

 'Yes?' Angelique whispered and leaned back in her chair before, in what seemed to be an involuntary movement, she parted her legs and let her hand fall into the spread of her skirt. 'What else? Her breasts and...?' 

 Lawrence struggled. The tension in the room confused him. It was more than discomfort or embarrassment; it was sexual. His mind screamed how wrong all this was. The fascination of his sister demanding to hear an intimate description of their mother's physical splendour stirred him in a most peculiar way. His mind was insistent, there was something very wrong with this, but the power throbbing in his viscera overpowered him to consign his soul to the devil, and he was compelled to continue: 'I saw her bush as well... ' He paused and lowered his eyes to and added thickly, 'and it was so bloody lovely...' 

 'Oh, Lawrence,' Angelique murmured. 'Was she very hairy down there?' Then a barely audible whisper: 'Did it excite you to see Mother like that? Did it make you hard?' 

 Lawrence eyes watered from the tension. 'Yes,' he croaked. 

 Angelique's questioning was relentless. 'Are you big now, Lawrence?' 

 Now his face blazed crimson. 'Yes.' 

 What occurred next caused Lawrence's breath to stall in his throat. He stared at his pretty sister as she locked her eyes to his. Completely heedless of any possibility of interruption by any of her household staff, Angelique slowly lifted the hem of her skirt. The thick, dark material rose higher and higher, first revealing Angelique's ankle boots and then her shins. She pulled the skirt higher and lifted her bottom from the cushion to finally hold the garment bunched around her hips. She held it in place with one hand while the other pulled the gusset of her underwear to one side to reveal her own hirsute pubis to her brother's disbelieving eyes. 

 Lawrence was sweating and moaned at the sight so wantonly and shamelessly displayed for him. Angelique had inherited their mother's Mediterranean colouring, and the skin of her inner thighs was the same light gold as Elisabeth's. Still holding her skirt high, Angelique spread her legs apart to give her brother an unobstructed view of the gooey pink of her intimate place. 

 'Lock that door and please, show me yours, brother' Angelique whispered. 'Show me how big it is, now?' 

 Astounded by her own daring, Angelique looked at her brother and waited with her life on a knife-edge. She had gambled all on one moment of lunacy. What would Lawrence do? How would he react to this? 

 Although the decision to exhibit herself to her brother had been spontaneous, Angelique had harboured secret desires for her him ever since Lawrence had innocently revealed details of his heretofore minor sexual conquests. She knew that he was no longer technically a virgin, but hearing of his experiences had triggered a rich fantasy world in her mind in which Lawrence featured heavily. Now, today, when he had come to her so confused, and with the subject of their mother being so closely related to her own incestuous imaginings, Angelique had sensed that perhaps her time had come. It was with complete abandon that she had suddenly been compelled to lift her skirt. She had no thought for anything other than her want for her brother. It had been time to act, and hang the consequences. 

 Without comment Lawrence rose to his feet. He stared down at his sister while seeming to struggle with a huge internal conflict. The look in his eyes sent a shiver of fear through Angelique. Had she got it so very wrong? Finally, without speaking, Lawrence moved to the door. Angelique's tummy squirmed; her fear was very real now. What would he do? Had she ruined the sweet relationship she'd enjoyed with him? Would he walk out and refuse to speak to her? The shame burned on her cheeks at the thought of it. 

 Lawrence paused by the door for what seemed to Angelique an interminable age. Time condensed and for her it appeared to stop. His hand hovered over the door- knob as though he was going to pull it open and walk out into the hall. He turned and looked back over his shoulder and it was at that moment that he was lost. He saw his beautiful sister with her sex so candidly offered to him. The scarlet slash caused his stomach to churn with lust, and he felt an irresistible pull from his genitals urging him to go to her. 

 With a deep sigh Lawrence reached for the key and turned it in its housing to secure the door and ensure privacy for himself and his sister. 

 Lawrence fumbled with the buttons on the front of his trousers, soon standing before his sister with his cock jutting arrogantly from his fly. Angelique sighed with the relief of his decision and the heightening of her physical lust for her brother. She reclined in her seat and swirled a finger around her tight clitoris while her eyes drank in the sight of her brother's magnificent, veined erection. 

 Lawrence reciprocated his sister's need to masturbate and took several long, slow tugs at his cock. In response, Angelique spread apart her labia to show her brother her swollen, wet sex. Then, she swirled her middle finger around her clitoris in deliberate, lazy circles once again and smiled when she saw the rapture on her brother's lovely face. 

 'Pull on your cock, darling brother,' Angelique smiled after licking her lips. 'Pull that big thing for me...' 

 'But...' Lawrence began, but then finally gave up the fight as the sweet agony of his arousal thrummed through his veins. He tugged at his thick penis with ever-growing necessity as he stared at his sister's busy finger, sloshing around in syrupy, clear fluid. 

 'Do you want to put that thing deep in me, dear brother?' Lawrence could hear the obscene squelching as his sister grew more and more aroused. 'Do you want to fuck my nasty hole?' She smiled wickedly and continued, 'Or do you want to shove it up Mama's?' 

 The mention of their mother caused the morning's image to flash back into Lawrence's head. He saw again his mother's breasts and luxuriant pubic bush. And her pose? She most definitely posed for him, he would swear to it. Did she want him? Did she want him like his sister wanted him? 

 'Oh, Angelique...' Lawrence grunted. 'I want you both...' Lawrence's fist was moving up and down the shaft faster and faster. 'I... I...' 

 'Do you want to have both of us? Your mother and your sister?' Angelique asked, tensing up, her jaw clamped tight and her back arched as she tormented her brother with her seduction. 

 'Yes-s-s!' Lawrence hissed. 'I want you both. I want to have you right here, right now... please Angelique... please let me have you.' 

 Angelique stood up quickly, peeled her drawers from her body and stepped out of them. She hastily arranged her long skirt as she knelt on the chair cushion. She pushed her round buttocks out and offered herself to her brother's dripping manhood. With a deep growl, Lawrence moved quickly to where his sister knelt and undid the top button of his trousers so that his big cock bobbed free. Angelique wriggled her hips from side to side in anticipation as she looked back over her shoulder at her brother. 

 'Now, do it to me, my dearest... Love it. Use it. Fuck it.' 

 Lawrence pushed the big head of his cock against his sister's scarlet opening. He pushed against her body for a moment and felt a temporary obstruction before a final push sent him sliding into the moist, thick heat of her. 

 'Angelique...' Lawrence cried in disbelief. She was his second woman; there being only one other time when he had experienced the feeling of such a grip on his cock. 'My sister...' He groaned when he realised the full implication of what he was doing. 'My sister, my darling sister,' he whispered in awe. 'Can this be real?' 

 'Oh, Lawrence,' Angelique gasped, 'I know, darling, I know. It's like a dream to me too.' Angelique craned her head around to look at her brother. 'I can tell you want me. I feel it, so powerful and so hard. Even if this is wrong, it feels so good.' 

 Angelique allowed her head to loll forward; strands of her hair came loose and fell over her face as her brother increased the tempo of his rutting. Soon the large room reverberated with the sounds of their rhythmic coupling. Lawrence's rippling abdominals slapped sweat against the softer flesh of his sister's buttocks. Their moans and sighs of enjoyment mingled as both sought release from the tumult of pent up lust and desire. Angelique had managed to undo several of the buttons along her bodice to massage her tender breasts as her brother fucked her squelching sex. 

 'Kiss me,' Angelique said breathlessly. 'Take me from the front so we can kiss, like true lovers,' she insisted urgently, pushing her brother away. 

 Lawrence stood impatiently as his sister moved her position. She eyed his erection and licked her lips. He watched her eyes lock onto his cock. 

 'I want to suck that for you soon, Brother,' Angelique growled before she finally settled in the chair, both her knees hooked over the arms. Her sweet tipped breasts pointed up at him, a younger, firmer facsimile of her mother's delicious globes. Lawrence growled when he saw the similarity between his sister and darling mother, but the growl tapered to a moan when his older sister held her sticky labia open with the tips of her fingers, and her other hand clasped his shaft. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** An Awakening Ch. 01 ****** bygeronimo_appleby© 'Kneel, love, and fuck your big cock back into me,' Angelique demanded, finally looking up at her brother's eyes, pulling at him until he fell to his knees between her spread thighs. 'Yes!' squealed Angelique when Lawrence slid deep into her again. 'Now, kiss me,' she insisted. 'Kiss me like you've never kissed any other woman before, dear brother.' 

 Lawrence watched his sister's eager pussy take his thickness easily. The flaps of her labia clung to the goo smearing his cock when he pulled several inches from her greedy grip. He bent to his sister's face to kiss her passionately while his cock began to piston in and out of her. Angelique returned the kiss with far more ardour than before, her tongue swirling around her brother's that wriggled for control. A rush to urgency overcame the excited woman. She knew a glorious release was imminent and would hold back no longer. As her climax began to boil outwards from her sex, Angelique grunted straight into her brother's mouth as she thrust as much of her tongue into him as was possible. She stopped breathing for a long moment as she stiffened in his grasp. She then drew back to catch her breath. 

 'Oh, Lawrence!' Angelique cried loudly. 'I'm doing it... my cunt's on fire and I'm fucking coming... Oh, yes, yes, baby brother...' 

 Angelique had broken away from Lawrence's insistent, probing tongue. She smiled dreamily up at him. Her eyes fluttered as she came. The sight of his sister's beautiful face contorted in such pleasure and the music of her words in his ears released Lawrence to gasp and grunt as he started pumping heavy bursts of warm, salty cream into his sister's body. Lawrence dimly realised through the heat of his climax that he was spraying his sister's insides with his seed. Late as he was; Lawrence pulled his still spitting cock from Angelique's clenching sex. Several more spurts of semen would spatter his sister's mons, leaving trails of white strings and ropes to hang from her sodden, matted, pubic hair. 

 Lawrence finally sighed and looked down at his sister's oozing opening as his climax tapered. With a start he watched trickles of his milky liquid drain from her body and down her leg. How much of his sperm was swimming inside her body? 

 'Oh, god, Angelique, I did it inside you...' Lawrence said with wide eyes. 'I came inside you... Jesus... What have I done? What have we done?' 

 Lawrence was wracked by guilt for fear of having impregnated his sister. 

 Angelique lifted herself to a sitting position and allowed her skirt to fall and cover her immodesty. 'But you see, my dearest brother, you don't know just how long I've wanted this to happen,' the older woman whispered tenderly. 'How I've wanted to feel your wonderful hardness in me, to feel you invading me.' And then Angelique kissed her brother on his sweaty cheek, almost chastely this time. 'It was Mother who was the catalyst for it,' she said matter-of-factly. 'And I'm so glad it's happened. Yes, so very, very glad.' Angelique looked at her brother's stricken face and she cupped his chin in her hand to lock his eyes with her own. 'You can't know how much I love you, my dearest,' she murmured and kissed him warmly on his mouth. 'I love you and I want to do this again, and again, and again. I want you to fuck me insensible, darling. I want you, forever.' 

 'But...' Lawrence began. 

 'Shush,' Angelique quickly said, pressing her finger against his warm lips. 'You can have me whenever you want, darling. And not only is this body is yours,' Angelique continued, grinning coyly, 'I think you and I should seduce Mother as well. Now, how wicked would that be?' Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** An Awakening Ch. 02 ****** bygeronimo_appleby© Chapter 02: Elisabeth 

 The following is the second scene in the Awakening series. A reader may possibly prefer to read An Awakening (Angelique) to gain an idea of previous occurrences relevant to this particular piece. Thanks to Selena for her work on this. Any errors that remain are entirely mine. 

 * 

 Elisabeth moved from the window on trembling legs and sat at the edge of her bed. Her heart hammered within her chest, a low thumping in her ears. What had she just done? Whatever had possessed her? It was such a surprise, no, more than that; it was a shock to see her son, Lawrence, looking up at her after she'd drawn back the drapes. Elisabeth's first thought was that it had been the young gardener, Joseph, standing below and looking up at her; then she saw that the young, blonde Adonis was her own flesh and blood. Elisabeth knew she could have closed the curtains or even moved away from the window, but something had stopped her, she had been compelled to remain where she was. The sight of Lawrence's strong, defined upper body, with his lean-muscled arms and broad chest had stirred her deep in her belly. The fact that the young man staring up at her nudity was her son had no impact upon Elisabeth's consciousness at all. She concentrated her attention on how striking he looked with the light sheen of perspiration from his exertions oiling his muscles. Just for an instant, Elisabeth ached for the physical presence of a man so intensely that she lost control and blatantly flaunted herself at the figure below her window. Now, however, she was mortified. What had she done? What would the boy be thinking? Had she actually stood like that for him? Had she exhibited herself to her own son? 

 Elisabeth thought of her actions. She felt warmth in her face, but she wasn't sure it was entirely due to embarrassment. There was something more. Her son had witnessed her nudity, and that would be difficult enough to deal with of course. It could possibly have been a subject that neither would ever make any reference to, and it could have remained untouched between them for as long as they lived, but she had taken the whole issue to a higher level - and it had excited her. So what now? Would they ever speak of this event? 

 Although Elisabeth understood that the flush on her cheeks was more than embarrassment, her morality denied it all, and her tummy flipped with angst, causing her to groan with the mortification. Why? Why had she... exhibited herself? 

 'You stupid, stupid woman,' she whispered aloud. 'Your son, how could you?' 

 Nevertheless, as Elisabeth crawled back into her large bed, she felt the insidious pull of that excitement. A puff of air passed her lips when she let her middle finger slide through the slippery lips of her sex. Despite her feelings of shame that had begun to wane in the light of a stronger yearning, there was no denying that the sight of her son's well-defined, muscular torso had aroused her. He was maturing. She missed him when he was away from home, but perhaps the real reason for that was that she had been without a man for a long time, and her son's half-naked body had roused a dormant desire deep from within. 

 She had her many admirers; she was still a very attractive woman and could have had any number of men between her thighs, younger or older. But it was simply that she didn't find any of them to her particular liking, or taste. There was also no more time to think of why... 

 'Oh, oh,' Elisabeth grunted quietly as her climax broke. Her whole body was suffused with glowing, the epicentre deep within. As soon as she had calmed, the guilt and shame crashed over her like a wave. 'My god,' she murmured. 'Am I depraved? That was so, so wrong.' 

 Elisabeth then made a solemn vow to herself that she would never do such a thing again. She would never again think of her beautiful son in a sexual way. She had no inkling at that moment at how difficult it would be to keep that secret promise. She had no way of knowing what chain of events her spontaneous action would trigger. It would have been beyond her sensibilities to conceive of what was to take place between her son and her daughter that very afternoon; an event she was, at least in part, responsible for. 

 When Lawrence arrived home later that evening, he resembled a victim of shell shock from the Great War. His face was devoid of expression. His eyes were distant, as though he was studying something unseen by anyone else. He seemed terribly distracted and responded only vaguely to questions. He was jumpy and restless one moment, pacing and wringing his hands in another before sinking into a stillness so complete it was difficult to garner his attention again. Elisabeth's immediate concern was that it had been her display that morning that had upset her handsome son. What she couldn't know was that Lawrence held a far, far darker secret in his bosom, and at that moment no amount of motherly probing could elicit a response from him. 

 'Lawrence, dear, what is it? Whatever's the matter?' Elisabeth asked quietly when she eventually dared to visit him in his bedroom. 'Please, darling, please tell me what's wrong.' 

 Lawrence turned his head to look obliquely at his mother who was standing next to him, her hand on his shoulder, her face etched with concern. 

 'Yes?' he responded with a glazed look in his eyes, as though he wasn't entirely certain who she was. 'I'm sorry, Mother, what were you asking?' 

 'What's the matter, dear? You seem so... so...?' 

 It took him a moment to respond, as if only half his being had been listening. 'So?' 

 She wouldn't approach. 'So distant, dear.' 

 'I'm fine, Mother,' he whispered barely loud enough for her to hear, staring blankly at the wall again. 

 He was not fine, but Elisabeth could not get through to him, reluctantly leaving her son to his distractions. Not daring to broach the subject of her exhibitionism, Elisabeth also felt powerless to continue. 

 Two days passed and Lawrence made another appearance after that disturbing evening. Elisabeth had stopped at the threshold of his bedroom on several occasions, but she still couldn't bring herself to enter and speak of what had passed between her and her son on that bright, spring day. Nothing would be resolved, nothing could be resolved. There was some improvement. Lawrence looked a little brighter. His eyes had lost that distracted, pained look, and he managed to hold a conversation with his mother over breakfast that consisted of more than monosyllables. They discussed nothing of any consequence, save the weather, the local gossip and prospects for a hearty roast for supper. That's when Elisabeth became convinced the gulf forming between them had been caused by her own actions. 

 For Lawrence, though, the past two days and the three nights had been like no other in his 20 years. Confusion reigned after witnessing his mother's nakedness at the window, and the perversions borne of that episode. But the supreme reason for his descent into such a shocking state had of course been his incestuous coupling with his sister. He had arrived home with a cauldron of emotion boiling within him. He had loved his sister innocently, as a brother should, but now that love had been supplanted by something beyond comprehension. The innocence was gone, replaced with burgeoning lust beyond description. Then, there was the guilt, and this guilt was equally as powerful as the love he felt for Angelique, his sister. Could he have been the cause of this? 

 Lawrence had trouble sleeping. It was this clash of emotions that gave rise to the battle fatigue symptoms he displayed immediately after leaving Angelique in her house following the outset of their affair. He couldn't seriously concentrate on anything, thinking of his sister and of how she had looked and tasted when they had shared intimacies in the drawing room of her home. He couldn't shake the images, from the look in her eyes when she laid spread before him, to her legs straddling the arms of the chair, and finally the syrupy pink of her sex so candidly offered. His heart thumped and his cock stiffened whenever he recalled Angelique's soft moans and sighs of pleasure, which turned suddenly to a torrent of language more befitting a practiced whore as she urged him to fuck her hard and deep. Then, afterwards, her words of forbidden love, that were spoken with such feeling it speared his heart. She wanted him again, wanted him forever, and Lawrence realised that he felt the same. 

 Another reason for Lawrence's confusion was his sister's attitude towards their mother. She not only wanted to continue the incestuous affair with him, but Angelique had stated that to seduce Elisabeth together would be something very desirable indeed. This, after wading up to his waist in the waters of incest, excited Lawrence beyond comparison, and he prepared to plunge head first into that pool once he had reconciled himself to the guilt. 

 The damnable guilt. 

 Lawrence was on a precipice. He looked at his beautiful mother across the table and recalled her naked form in his mind's eye. 'Yes,' he decided, 'I want her as well. I want her and my sister.' But how could he make it happen? 

 'What have you got planned for the day, darling?' Elisabeth asked, breaking Lawrence's reverie. 

 'Today?' he replied, at a real loss to answer. He hadn't considered how to spend his day. He again looked across the table at his mother. She stood and appeared to be taking her leave. Lawrence felt an enormous flood of love for his mother when he saw the concern on her face. She really was worried for him. Then he had a flash of inspiration. 'I know,' he said brightly. 'Why don't you and I have a little picnic together?' He saw his mother's face lighten immediately at this suggestion. 'Cook could prepare us a little hamper. I'm sure she wouldn't mind.' 

 Elisabeth smiled: 'Yes,' she nodded enthusiastically, relieved that her lovely Lawrence was back. 'That would be marvellous. Shall we say ...one o'clock?' 

 An animated grin from Lawrence: 'Agreed. I'll meet you by the old copse. I'll bring the hamper and a blanket.' 

 It was arranged, a pleasant picnic in a secluded spot in the grounds. Although Lawrence had decided to pursue the seduction of his mother, he didn't have any idea how to proceed. Perhaps he would just see how things progressed and take his opportunities as they arose. 

 After a word with the cook, Lawrence - with a spring in his step to match the season - virtually danced up the staircase and into his bedroom. He was already looking forward to having his mother all to himself that afternoon. 

 Elisabeth arrived at the copse early, before her son. It was another gorgeous day, a slight breeze whispering through the leaves that cooled her cheeks. The sun beamed to warm her exposed arms as she made her way along a narrow path that led to the secluded copse. The shade was just right. Elisabeth had chosen to wear a light summer frock. It was modest enough and only showed a hint of cleavage at the décolletage. Her bare, golden-hued legs were visible from just below the knees. She looked entirely respectable. 

 While she waited patiently in the dappled grove, she pondered a little about the chasm that yawed between her and her son, the picnic the first opportunity to advance the issue. What explanation could she offer to explain his state the evening that followed their unfortunate encounter? She believed that she must have been the cause of his fugue and steeled herself to at last broach the subject with him. 

 'Yes,' she said to herself quietly and with determination. 'This afternoon, I'll just have to take the bull by the horns.' 

 'Hello, Mum.' 

 Lawrence's deep voice surprised his mother, and she gave a small start of surprise. 'Oh, Lawrence, you gave me a fright.' 

 'I'm sorry, Mother. Are you alright?' 

 'Yes, of course.' Then after recovering: 'You've brought the hamper; good.' Elisabeth busied herself and took the blanket from her son without looking at him directly. After spreading the blanket over the lush grass, she knelt and only then smiled up at her baby. 'Come on then, put the hamper down and sit next to me.' 

 'What a fine day for a picnic,' Lawrence said, while he remained standing and looked down at his mother. 'And you look beautiful, Mum, really lovely.' 

 There was something about the look in her son's eyes and in the way he spoke that set Elisabeth's nerves tingling. She experienced a sudden rash of goose bumps raise along her exposed arms, and felt a flush grow up from between her breasts and along her throat. 

 'Oh... Why thank you, Lawrence,' she said discomfited. 'And you look quite handsome. That shirt suits you. So much has changed in you in less than a year.' Elisabeth's voice sounded strange to her own ears. She identified a slight tremor in its quality and wondered if Lawrence had noticed. 'Come along then. Do sit down,' she added in an attempt at normality. 

 Lawrence settled down next to his mother. She had preened for him, he thought with a spark of recollection of his sister's face and semi-nude body. Lawrence superimposed his mother's figure on Angelique's as he recalled their forbidden tryst, and this imagining caused a hot flash of desire to spark in his loins. He could feel the heat from his mother's proximity after he settled on the blanket close to her, while her familiar scent fanned the flames of his lust to a blaze. 

 'Wine, Mother?' Lawrence held up a bottle. 

 'A drop please, yes,' Elisabeth replied. She admitted to herself feeling a little uncomfortable in his presence. Her son's eyes had a disturbing gleam, and his voice was thick and hoarse. Then Elisabeth experienced a moment of clarity and her eyes widened in surprise. She recognised the timbre in Lawrence's voice; it had been a long time, but she knew. He was, at last, becoming a man; a most familiar man, a man with sexual desires. 

 Lawrence poured two glasses of thick, red wine, handing one to his mother. She took the glass with a trembling hand. Still shaking as she looked at her son, Elisabeth held the glass to her lips and took a deep draught. 

 'Is everything alright, Mother?' Lawrence asked when he saw her trembling and noticed her gulp from the glass. 

 'I... I don't know, Lawrence,' Elisabeth said quietly, her eyes downcast and her expression glum. 'I'm a little confused. Perhaps a drop of this wine will help.' 

 Sensing that conceivably his moment had come, Lawrence shifted towards his mother on the blanket. She was so close now, so very close. 

 'Tell me, Mother, please, whatever's the matter?' 

 Elisabeth cupped the wine glass with both hands to keep it the liquid from spilling. 'You know that has been my question to you, of late.' 

 Elisabeth became startled by a pressure on her leg. A worried look wrinkled her brow when Lawrence's hand rested against the smooth skin just above her exposed knee. She suddenly felt cool, the heat from his hand felt as if it had just snuffed a fire. Then Elisabeth heard the roar of the ocean in her ears as blood quickened around her body. 

 Elisabeth was determined to breach the wall that had been built between her and her son. Things had gone too far, she thought: her son's earlier state of mind, his eyes, his voice, and now this – his hand touching her leg! 

 She felt the draw of desire and its narcotic effect. A memory of familiar warmth and presence had been resurrected for her. Elisabeth's body unconsciously responded to her son's touch. Her nipples stiffened beneath her dress. She felt a tiny clenching and accompanying quick itch between her legs. Elisabeth inhaled deeply, a rasping sound loud in the glade as she struggled against the urging of her body. 

 'Lawrence, please...' She placed her hand over her son's that covered her leg. 'We have to speak of what happened the other morning... Please...' 

 'I know, Mother,' Lawrence rumbled in a recognizable song to her ears. He gazed into his mother's eyes. He drank in the sight of her pretty face. He felt the velvety smoothness of her shaven and perfumed leg. He suddenly grew reckless, abandoning reason for desire that scorched his skin. 'You were so beautiful there. So very beautiful.' 

 Then, before his mother could react, Lawrence moved his face close to hers and kissed her lightly on the mouth. For a moment, a split second, Elisabeth allowed herself to be kissed by the familiar presence. She responded by returning the sweet pressure on his mouth. 

 And then she became alarmed when she felt her son's tongue probe between her lips, seeking to invade her. A thunderclap of reality exploded in her brain. She pulled away. 'God ... no! Stop, this can't be happening! Lawrence... please.' 

 Elisabeth struggled against her son's grip as he thrust himself upon her. He had become so strong; she had to fight desperately to wriggle free, as if for her life. Lawrence was unheeding of his mother's pleadings and efforts to get away, caught in an infernal spiral of lust and wanting. He wanted his mother as much as he had his sister, so very urgently to become one with her. He loved her. Couldn't she see that? 

 Elisabeth finally freed one hand from his grasp and took the only course open to her. She slapped her son across his cheek as hard as she could. The report of her hand against his skin was like a rifle shot that echoed in the glade. Her hand stung severely from the blow. He released her. She rose and ran in a blur. Lawrence felt for the angry welts of her fingers rising immediately on the not so innocent skin of his face. Instantly his eyes lost the intensity of his berserker frenzy for comprehension to dawn. His vision cleared on a large stain from her wine blotting the blanket. 

 'Mama... don't go!' Lawrence called too late. 

 His mother, sobbing and holding her wounded hand tight against her tears, had already run from the copse, leaving Lawrence amid the ruins of their picnic on such a beautiful, sunny day. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** An Awakening Ch. 03 ****** bygeronimo_appleby© Chapter 03: Marcus 

 The third scene in the series so far. An Awakening (Angelique) and An Awakening (Elisabeth) are the first two scenes, and may give the reader some history of the occurrences to date. Thanks to Selena for the work she's put in. Any errors remaining are as a result of my own stupidity and from drinking far too much cider last night. 

 * 

 'Oh darling Brother,' Angelique murmured and lightly touched his bruised cheek. 'So... you tried to seduce Mama?' 

 Lawrence lifted his head and looked at his sister, his eyes filled with anguish. 'Yes. I tried.' 

 'And she rejected you?' 

 A whispered: 'Yes.' 

 At that moment the couple was disturbed by a man striding into the room. They both turned to see Marcus, Angelique's lecturer husband standing there, just inside the now open door. 

 'What, Marcus?' his wife asked snappishly. 

 'Oh! Sorry, my dear, I had no idea...' Marcus lingered uncertainly. 

 'I'm rather busy now,' Angelique said; her tone still brusque. 'Lawrence has a... delicate problem, a family matter. Please leave us.' 

 The emphasis placed on the word 'family' went unnoticed by Lawrence, but the effect upon Marcus was instant. His eyes widened and he nodded his head slowly. 'Ah, of course, my dear... I'll leave you. Excuse me.' 

 'Could you ensure that we're not disturbed?' Angelique called to the closing door. 

 The door's progress was checked. 'Most certainly, Angelique,' came the reply from beyond. Then the door clicked shut. 

 'Now, darling Brother, tell me all.' 

 In a miserable voice, Lawrence recounted his abysmal attempt to seduce their mother. He described how she had looked in the near idyllic setting of their picnic spot. He tried to articulate the feelings she elicited within him, and the emotions that had stirred him to make his clumsy attempt. Finally, Lawrence described the moment of madness when he kissed his mother's mouth. 

 'She responded, Sis, I swear, she kissed me back.' 

 'Did you really want to kiss our Mother, Lawrence?' Angelique's voice had taken the treacle - thick timbre that heralded her mounting lust. 'Did you want to kiss her like you kissed me? As you did when you loved me?' Angelique's voice fell to a near whisper; a very dangerous sign. Then she added, 'When you fucked me in that very chair.' 

 Lawrence couldn't help but glance at the chair referred to by his sister. He remembered alright. How could he not? Every scorching moment of their time together was branded into his memory. He could recall, with near perfect clarity, every sigh and groan, every sweet murmur of endearment, and most exciting of all, the sound of her body's gooey acceptance of his cock as she smiled up at him during their coupling. 

 'Yesss,' Lawrence hissed. 'I wanted to kiss her like we kissed.' His eyes blazed as he looked directly at his beautiful sister. His former anguish had evaporated and was supplanted by his blossoming ascendancy, by his bright desire to control both his mother and his sister in the vacuum left by his late father. Lawrence had never thought about the effect his father dying three years before would have upon his role in life. Now the dawning of realisation was breaking. He, Lawrence, would have to take charge. He would become the Head of the Family. He would assume responsibility. And with that responsibility would come... privileges. 'I wanted to kiss her as we kissed,' Lawrence repeated: 'Just as I want to kiss you again, Sister.' 

 'Then kiss me, dear Brother. Kiss me.' 

 Angelique moved towards him and he instantly fell upon her with all the delicacy of a bull in a field. Like the bull, Lawrence experienced the rush of a primal instinct. His sensibilities dulled and once again, as with his mother in the copse during the ill-fated picnic, logic and reason took wing and flew away. 

 Lawrence didn't care that Marcus could return at any time. Even though Angelique had been clear in her instruction not to be disturbed, he could still make an appearance—if only to check that everything was in order. Lawrence was gripped by a passion so overwhelming he would stop at nothing. He meant to take his sister again, by force if he must, but he wanted her so desperately. 

 It appeared that Angelique felt the same. As her brother kissed her, she opened her mouth eagerly and allowed his tongue to find hers. Moments later the woman had unfastened the buttons on her brother's fly, and his thick cock jutted from the gap in the cloth. He was magnificent; hard and thick and with a tear of pre-cum glistening at the slit in the large dome of his glans. 

 'This time I want to taste you,' Angelique whispered, with her fingers tight around his girth. 'I want to suck your fat, lovely cock.' 

 Lawrence watched in fascination as his sister knelt in front of him. She gazed in reverence at his manhood and then poked out her slippery tongue and dipped its tip at the goo trickling from his cock's eye. 

 'Angelique...' Lawrence could only groan her name. He could feel the sensation of her busy tongue at the underside of the dome. He could feel the suction from her mouth as her lips stretched to accommodate his thickness, and he watched as though in a dream, at the concavity of his sister's sucking cheeks as she sought to bring her brother pleasure. 

 'Is that so very nice?' Angelique grinned up at her brother as she took a moments respite from her oral attention. 'Do you like me sucking you, Baby? Do I do it well?' 

 Angelique returned her attention to the big, throbbing cock. This time she used the slippery head of Lawrence's cock to smear the mix of her saliva and his clear pre-cum around her pretty face. The effect was devastating to her brother. He looked down at her with disbelief in his eyes. She looked so depraved, such a wanton slut, her face daubed with smears of goo, the thick strand of saliva and his own fluid bridging his cock to her face... The image of her was too much for Lawrence to comprehend. He had never seen such a display. He had never imagined such things. But, his own sister... 

 'Angelique...' Lawrence was near to rambling with lust. 'That's so... so...' 

 'Yes,' a voice from across the room. 'Your sister is such a depraved slut, isn't she?' 

 Marcus! 

 With a sudden jolt, Lawrence realised just how insane the situation was. His mind worked with mercurial agility. He analysed the circumstances, managing to edit ten different scenarios simultaneously, but no matter what, he knew that he was beyond hope. There was no possible way to explain what was occurring in that room. Then, to his utter amazement, Marcus locked the door. 

 'Are you shocked, darling Brother?' Angelique whispered from the floor. 'There's nothing to fear.' She rose to her feet and lifted her chin to gesture towards her husband where he remained, just inside the room. 'Pay no attention to that snivelling cur. He is nothing; a pathetic cuckold with an equally pathetic cock. You're the man I want.' 

 'What..?' But...' Lawrence struggled to comprehend. He felt as if his mind was no longer his own. Nothing was right. Everything slewed askance; his world was shaken to its core. 

 'Please darling, Brother,' his sister whispered. 'Love me again. Use me, fuck me; I want you to fuck me with this big, beautiful cock.' Angelique took the still stiff shaft in her grip. 'Use this bludgeon on me.' 

 Lawrence stared at his brother-in-law with disbelief in his eyes, and then the expression changed with the insistent pressure his sister was applying to his cock. He dragged his gaze from Marcus and concentrated once more on his beautiful sister. 

 'Do you want me?' She asked quietly, already knowing the answer. 'Do you want me again; as a lover?' 

 Lawrence swallowed and nodded. Whatever game his sister and her husband were playing, Lawrence had no interest. Once more he felt himself falling into the abyss. The real world faded and he was again in the iron grip of desire. He growled low and deep in the back of his throat while his sister manipulated his shaft with slow, exquisite strokes. Lawrence reached out and virtually ripped the bodice of Angelique's dress apart. The buttons flew and scattered on the carpet as Lawrence drank in the picture of the swell of his sister's breasts as they spilled over the cups of her corset. 

 With urgent haste Angelique pulled her dress from her body. Once the garment was in an untidy pile, forgotten at her feet, Angelique looked into her brother's eyes and lifted her breasts from the cups, bared in creamy, smooth invitation. Her arousal was obvious. Her areola were puckered and her nipples tight pebbles; Angelique was following her brother headlong into the abyss, and she jumped gladly. 

 'My God!' Lawrence murmured at the sight. 'You're so beautiful.' 

 'Show me how beautiful you are, darling,' Angelique purred. 'Take off your clothes. Show my pathetic husband how a real man should look.' 

 At the mention of Marcus, Lawrence turned to the face the door. He saw Marcus standing, unmoving, but with an intense expression on his smooth face. The cuckold was watching, fascinated as his semi - naked wife urgently tugged at her own brother's clothing. Lawrence was showered in revulsion. What kind of man was Marcus? It was bad enough that he, Lawrence, had consigned his soul to damnation. He had accepted the pact with Lucifer already, but this other man was pathetic beyond words. He was openly willing to stand by and watch his wife be used incestuously. Not only that, but it actually appeared that Marcus enjoyed the prospect. Angelique was right, the man was a cur, a dog; in fact he was beneath even that, he was insignificant. 

 Reconciled to the situation, even revelling in his newly exalted position, Lawrence decided to act as he'd intended earlier. He was the head of the family now. He was master here, in this house, and he would be master in the manor as well. 

 'Take off your underwear,' he growled at his sister, and he hastily pulled at his own clothes. 'Take them off and then sit on the settee.' 

 Angelique did as her brother commanded. Her panties joined the dress. She was now dressed as a bordello whore. Her ankle boots remained for the effect. She guessed her brother would enjoy the look, besides; the heels gave her added height and tensed the muscles in her shapely calves. She knew too, that her dark stockings, held up with the straps attached to her corset would be an equal attraction for Lawrence. She loved being the slut. She delighted in the look of lust in her brother's eyes when he appraised her ensemble; she knew that the drying smears on her face lent further wantonness to her appearance. Angelique reclined on the cool leather and smiled wickedly as she exposed the scarlet slash of her sex to her brother's blazing eyes. 

 Angelique turned a contemptuous gaze upon her husband. 'Come here turd,' she spoke harshly. 'Come and lick my cunt while my darling Brother uses my mouth. I want him in my mouth; he's so much finer than you. Look at his gorgeous physique.' 

 Instantly, Marcus obeyed. Lawrence had a sudden flash of insight in spite of his arousal; Marcus was obviously used to this. Nevertheless, he decided, that matter could wait; he had more pressing business to attend to. He moved to his sister. She was looking up at him from her position on the seat, her eyes heavy and drooping with lust as her husband licked and slobbered at her centre. 

 'So, Sister,' Lawrence began as he clambered up onto the settee. He pushed his erect cock at her face and Angelique bent forward, her mouth opening as he offered himself. 'Your husband is a weak little man,' he continued getting into his stride. It was impossible for Angelique to answer - her lips were stretched by her brother's thick cock – the best she could manage was a muffled grunt and a rolling of her eyes. Lawrence laughed, 'Let the little fellow lick you, let him make you wet.' Lawrence reached down and ran his fingers through his sister's hair, taking a tight fistful. 'I want you wet so I can fuck you insensible, my gorgeous slut.' 

 Angelique pushed Lawrence away from her mouth at these words. 'I'm already sodden, you beautiful bastard,' she groaned. 'My cunt's on fire.' She pushed her husband away from between her thighs and spread her legs wider apart. 'Look at it. Look how excited you make me.' Angelique used her fingertips to hold her sticky labia open. 

 Lawrence stared, his mouth agape as his sister exposed her very essence to him. He noticed now that she had contrived to razor her pubic bush since he'd last seen her, and gazed at her smooth, soft looking mons. 

 'Angelique...' Lawrence murmured tenderly, all trace of his former conquering attitude erased. 'You're so beautiful. I love you.' 

 'Take me then, Brother,' Angelique replied in an equally tender manner. 'Make me feel like a woman should.' She cast a contemptuous glance at her fully clothed husband. 'I need a real man to love me... I want you to do it... my brother.' 

 Marcus stood and watched as his wife allowed her lover to mount her. He heard his wife's sigh as her brother's girth filled her with its throbbing fire. He could smell the arousal that was trickling from Angelique as it dribbled obscenely along the cleft of her buttocks and pooled on the leather of the settee beneath her. 

 Marcus knew he was damned. He knew he would never have the strength to break away from his perversions – and he had many perversions – but truth be told, he didn't have any wish to break away either. Angelique was right; her brother was a gorgeous specimen. He was so handsome, his physique! Marcus wondered how Lawrence would taste. He was jealous of his wife when she sucked and drooled over her brother's lovely penis. Marcus adored cock-sucking. His position as a lecturer gave him access to a seemingly never ending parade of young, eager undergraduates. Some of those boys were delicious, but Lawrence? Oh my, he was positively godlike. 

 It wasn't that Marcus was unhappy, far from it. He was entirely satisfied with the choices he'd made. He was satisfied with his wife. He knew she was a depraved bitch, had known it from the very outset, he smiled inwardly at the memory, even if in the early days, Angelique hadn't known herself. Marcus had recognised darkness within her, it took one to know one, and he had taken the greatest pleasure in opening the portal to her corruption. They'd shared many a perverted occasion in their two short years of marriage and this, although probably the most depraved act to date, was just another in a long list. Although, at the outset, it had been Marcus who had been in control, somehow that power had shifted. As the dark flower of Angelique's depravity blossomed, her naivety had succumbed until she had grown to loathe her husband, and would punish him at every given opportunity. From this rich soil of loathing for her spouse had grown the love for Lawrence, and the season for harvest was upon her. Angelique had spoken of her love for her brother, but Marcus never imagined that she would actually do anything about it. But here she was, supine and open, with her brother thrusting urgently into her right before his eyes. The sight of it... The noise... It was unspeakably wicked. 

 Lawrence was pounding his sister with hard, long, vigorous strokes. The slapping of their bodies had a hypnotic rhythm. Angelique was mauling at her own breasts. Marcus was concerned that she was actually going to do herself an injury; she was squeezing herself and pinching her nipples so hard. 

 'Fuck your sister, Lawrence,' Marcus whispered. 'Oh, to see your big cock punishing her... It's glorious.' Marcus stared at his wife's labia, and was fascinated by the way the soft folds clung to her brother's shaft. It was as though her body was reluctant to let even an inch of that magnificent, long cock escape. Before his very eyes, Marcus could see the slick, oily wetness where the couple joined. Right at the junction of their bodies, where Angelique's inflamed cunt gripped her brother so tightly, Marcus saw a creamy foaming, a physical frothing of their combined lust for each other, and the sight of it caused him to moan. 

 Angelique's eyes opened and her glazed expression of pleasure gave way to a look of pure abandonment as she looked into her husband's eyes. Unspoken: You like to watch, don't you? Her expression said it all. The look in her eyes spoke volumes. Angelique's features gave the impression of being sly and feline. Marcus knew that at that moment she loathed him and that to her he really was as insignificant as a turd. She was mocking him and challenging him at the same time, just by looking at him. The copper jealousy turned like a blade in his guts – he hated her - the bitch - the perverted fucking whore. She mocked him while her own brother speared her sex with his cock. She was so high and mighty. 

 As if reading his mind, Angelique spoke harshly. 'You're a loathsome specimen, Marcus,' she hissed, 'a non-entity, nothing.' As if to add emphasis to her vehement outburst, Angelique lifted her knees closer to her chest and spread her thighs even wider. Her brother redoubled his efforts at this sign, causing Angelique to groan loudly. 'Oh... oh, yes. Fuck me, darling. Show this maggot how I want it. How I want it so badly.' 

 Suddenly Marcus heard his brother-in-law grunt like an animal. He saw the boy's buttocks clench and spasm, and realised that Lawrence was coming. 'Fill her with it,' Marcus murmured. He was filled with such excitement – his wife was taking her own brother's seed. The sheer wickedness of it thrilled Marcus despite his earlier hatred for his wife, now he was overjoyed. Her depravity was complete. The sordid depths to which she had sunk were surely beyond compare. Marcus felt his own little cock stiffen in his trousers. He knew he would have to masturbate immediately or he would lose the moment. His erection was such a rarity, he understood the urgency if he wanted sexual relief. 

 As his wife and her brother writhed in a mutual ecstasy on the leather couch, oblivious now to even his presence, Marcus hastily unbuttoned his trousers and fished his miniscule appendage out into the light of day. 

 He thought of the tiny sperm which could even now be swimming with instinctive determination towards their ultimate goal. He tugged at himself with mounting excitement and watched as Lawrence pulled his still thick, semi-erect cock from his sister's oozing body. As the young man's viscous gloop slid from her smooth, sodden sex, after less than a minute of masturbation, Marcus grunted and let his own cum spray freely. 

 As the sweet pain wracked his body, Marcus looked into his wife's eyes and saw again the contempt. He grinned at her, his semen staining the front of his trousers and dripping onto the carpet at his feet. 'You've joined me,' he grinned at her. 'The two of you are just as bad as me, perhaps worse.' The ecstasy of his release warmed Marcus' very being. He was replete, entirely satisfied. 'There is no worse now,' he said in a low voice as his wife kissed her brother in a long, lingering kiss of pure adoration. 

 'No?' she said when she broke the kiss. 'You don't think I can get any worse?' Angelique laughed. 'I'm sure we can think of something. Can't we dear, Brother? You may call it "worse", you wretch, but I would call it love.' 

 Lawrence glanced at his sister. He knew what she meant. She was referring to their mother. Lawrence wondered what his sister could possibly have in mind. But one thing was certain – he was beyond the point of no return. He was addicted as his sister. He loved her dearly, but he was also curious to see how far her strange husband would go. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** An Awakening Ch. 04 ****** bygeronimo_appleby© The door opened at Lawrence's touch. He paused on the brink, uncertain now. His body tingled. He knew it was folly, this mad adventure, but he could no more stop the course he was set than he could stop the tides. There was inevitability to his actions, as though his movements were scripted and he was merely acting his part in a play. 

 He looked into the room beyond the open door. A broad shaft of sunlight, its edge sharply defined, bisected the already bright room and highlighted the lazy dust motes that danced within its smile. The light came through the single window, the very window in which she had been so fatefully framed on the morning Lawrence had spied her nudity. He sighed heavily at the sudden memory of her shocking nakedness, a memory that blazed in his mind and which had caused him so much anguish. 

 Even though the view was restricted, Lawrence could easily picture the objects and furniture that were presently hidden. They were all familiar to him. He took a single step, and in so doing, was now beyond the point of no return. The room was both well-known and strange at the same time. He'd visited this room on many previous occasions. Its contents and their layout were like old friends, but today there was an exciting difference; this visit was illicit. This was her territory, and without her presence, Lawrence had no business to be there. 

 The thrill of guilt rippled through his gut and flashed, bright and hot, inside his skull. The amoral appendage, hitherto dormant between his legs, sensed the guilt and uncurled suddenly like a serpent sensing prey. This swift rise of lust burned and mingled with the fear and excitement already surging through the young man's veins in a heady cocktail of desire, and a low moan sounded deep in his throat. Lawrence closed his eyes and recognised her scent. It was the familiar smell of her that he had known all his life. It was the imprint of her, branded forever on his senses. 

 Beyond the call of reason, set on his irreversible course and mindless to discovery, Lawrence moved quickly to the bureau. The dark-wood piece of furniture held no interest for him; it was the contents he craved. There, nestled inside the open drawer! There was the prize. Soft and delicate, neatly folded, the treasure lay before him. 

 Lawrence lifted a piece from the trousseaux. He closed his eyes again and pressed the scrap against his cheek. It was so soft, so fragile, and he savoured the sensation of it against his own flushed skin. He brought the blue material to his lips and kissed it lightly, as though it was her flesh. 

 The subtle essence of her remained; vague and undefined, but impermeable nevertheless. The light, lingering trace of her was like an apparition - part sensed and part intuitively felt - suspended beneath the laundered scent, a delicate hint of her. Lawrence couldn't resist; the tip of his tongue, timid yet eager, traced the thicker band of cloth at the point which would have been tight against the most intimate part of her. 

 In his mind's eye, Lawrence imagined his tongue was pressed into the crease that had warmed the smooth, flat fabric. How would she taste? What murmur of appreciation would she let slip if he were savouring her arousal for real, and not just dreaming into this transient scrap of cloth? 

 While one hand pressed the forbidden garment to his lips, the other was drawn down to the insistent ache between his legs. He fumbled with the buttons and allowed his ardour the freedom it clamoured for. The single eye cried a thick tear and Lawrence used his mother's underwear to wipe it away. 

 With a groan, Lawrence tightened his grip and succumbed to the rush. He was like iron against the tantalizing caress. Every sense was alive within him, the texture against his tumescence inflamed his desires, and his hand moved quickly in a desperate rhythm. 

 The force of his inevitable release surprised him. A sob burst from his lips when the lust rained heavily onto the carpet between his feet, and further evidence dribbled reluctantly down the face of the bureau. He tried, in a moment of sharp clarity, to stem the tide using the pathetically inadequate clothing that was creased beyond recognition and balled in his fist, but the task was beyond his capabilities. 

 Still lewdly exposed, Lawrence turned. The madness had cooled and he was searching desperately for some way to mask the evidence of his trespass when shock flashed red across his vision. He felt a palpable, near physical blast at the surge of adrenalin coursing through his veins as his body reacted to what his brain refused to accept. He had neglected to close the door and, with fatal inevitability, his mother was standing there now. 

 A near gasp split the awful silence. 'Lawrence!' 

 He didn't react. There was no panicked fumble to hide himself from his mother's shocked stare. There was nothing Lawrence could do to influence time; he couldn't turn back the clock. He had been discovered so devastatingly inflagrante that it was almost comic. In another dimension, Lawrence caught sight of the dust motes still turning in their languid, unconcerned way, caught in the beam of sunlight that continued to pour into the room. 'How pretty,' he thought silently, his brain insistently detached from the full, embarrassed horror of his reality. 

 'Lawrence... please...' It was obvious that his mother, too, was experiencing difficulty in reconciling what she had just observed. She had faced her own period of torment following her son's accidental witnessing of her nudity at the window. She had been aroused to the point of furtive masturbation following her reciprocal appreciation of his muscled torso. During the original incident, Lawrence had gazed up at her while she had looked down upon him, and she knew in her secret heart that she had, in fact, flaunted herself to her son. She was to blame, or so she thought, for her son's fumbled attempt to kiss her during the garden picnic; just as she was to blame for this... Elisabeth struggled for a description and was found wanting. 

 'Lawrence, I...' Still no words would form. 

 Elisabeth took a step toward her son, who was standing in profile to her. Elisabeth's eyes were drawn to the thick, downward curve of him. In spite of herself, and her original rejection of her son's clumsy advances, Elisabeth felt a rush of warmth deep in her belly. The warmth grew and moved downward and Elisabeth felt a single trickle of her own desire leak from her. She saw the glistening pools dotting the carpet, and then surveyed the devastation spattered across the dark bureau. The obvious, physical evidence of her son's virility turned the trickle between her legs to flood, and Elisabeth felt the throbbing pulse at her vulva and tips of her breasts. 

 Lawrence turned and faced his mother fully. His face was rent with an expression of utter despair as he finally accepted the enormity of his crime. He looked down at the balled remnant of his mother's underwear, defiled and corrupted in the palm of his hand. With a grunt of disgust and self-loathing, Lawrence cast the thing aside before he pushed the offending appendage into his flies. Then, with one final glance at Elisabeth's shocked face, he pushed past his mother and out onto the landing. 

 For a long moment, Elisabeth remained immobile. She stared at her spoiled underwear that lay in the sunlight still blazing through the window. Then, she bent slowly and plucked it from the carpet. She uncurled the cloth as though it were a balled sheet of crumpled paper and examined the silver stains; the evidence of Lawrence's sin. 

 Elisabeth recalled the image of her son in profile and the glow in her tummy grew suddenly hotter and became an insistent beat between her thighs. She could feel herself awash with her arousal, and knew that her present underclothes would be smeared with traces not dissimilar to the stains on the material she held in her hand. 

 Elisabeth had arrived at her open door in time to see Lawrence in the final, agonising throes of his ecstasy. She had no way of knowing what his actions had been prior to her arrival, and, in unknowing imitation, she lifted the cloth to her own lips and smeared the residue against her tongue. 

 *** 

 Sleep was elusive for Lawrence that night. He lay on his back under the covers with his eyes open and stared into the dark. He sensed, rather than heard the door to his room open and he turned his head to see a figure vaguely silhouetted in the doorway. The figure remained indistinct, the dark hallway being only slightly lighter than the room, and after entering, whoever it was stood silently for several moments. 

 'Mother?' Lawrence whispered uncertainly. 'Is that you?' 

 The door closed and Lawrence heard the swishing of feet on the carpeted floor as the shape moved towards his bed. 

 'Yes.' A single word in the darkness and Lawrence felt the covers lifted from him and the mattress shift with his mother's weight. 

 'What..?' he began, confused by his mother's unexpected appearance as well as her actions. 

 'Our secret,' Elisabeth whispered to her son. 'This will be our secret.' 

 Shock prickled through Lawrence when he realised that his mother was naked next to him. He could feel the length of her body against his own; he felt the heat from her where her flesh touched his. Her hand found him limp and flaccid, but he grew swiftly at her touch. 

 'Oh God, Mother,' Lawrence groaned. 

 'I know you've wanted this,' Elisabeth murmured, her fist moving against her son's flesh. 'I denied it... I denied it to myself,' she continued with her son's girth in her tight grip. 'It just seemed so sordid, I mean you're my son, for God's sake, but after seeing you today... So long and so thick... I can't help it. I want you to love me. I want you to love me like a woman should be loved by a man.' Lawrence sensed his mother's anxiety despite the delicious tickle at the root of himself. 'Do you want to love me, Lawrence?' Her breath fluttered against his cheek. 

 'Mama,' he groaned in response. 'I've wanted to since I saw you at the window. You're so beautiful... Your body...' He moved quickly, causing his mother to release his swollen, aching member. 

 He pushed his mother's legs apart and knelt inside the V. He reached out blindly and found the switch to the bedside lamp. Elisabeth blinked quickly at the unexpected light before she gazed up at her son's glorious nudity. 

 'Very impressive, my darling,' she giggled playfully and reached up to take him in her fist once more. 

 'You're so, so beautiful, Mother,' Lawrence sighed as the soft light illuminated his mother's honeyed skin. 

 'And so are you, my baby,' Elisabeth whispered hoarsely as her lust spread in a rosy blush upon her neck and chest. 'Use it on me,' she continued. 'Use it on me very soon.' 

 Lawrence growled and impatiently replaced his mother's hand with his own. He pushed the fat bludgeon against the molten heat of his mother and rubbed the length along her cleft. Elisabeth's nipples showed her desire as her hips lifted and she urgently attempted to take her son's length. 

 'Mother,' Lawrence gasped when he felt the truth of his mother's wanting. 'You're so wet... My God, you're absolutely sodden.' 

 Lawrence paused for a moment on his outstretched arms. He looked down at his mother's body and then into her love-filled eyes. Then, as he bent to kiss his mother's mouth, he allowed himself to be drawn into her. 

 Mother and son kissed as lovers for the first time, their tongues meeting as Lawrence sought desperately to occupy as much of her as he could physically manage. He wanted to invade her, to fill her, and to make her his own. He had loved his sister the same way only days before, but his mother was different. He needed to assert his influence and control over her from the outset. He was to be the head of the family now and his mother would have to submit to his will. It was the awakening of his dominance. 

 Elisabeth opened herself to her son as he lifted his torso from her after that first, hot kiss. She offered herself without reservation and was thrilled when she felt the power of him; gloriously thick and agile as they moved together so easily. She looked up at his sweet, handsome face which, at that moment, was a mask of concentration. She felt the youth and vigour of him as she ran her hands along the packed muscle of his chest and down along his flanks. Lawrence hissed and drove harder when Elisabeth dug into his taut buttocks in a frenzy of fingernails. 

 'You're mine,' he grunted, punctuating each word with the press of his body. 'You're all mine, every inch of you.' 

 'Yes,' she yielded immediately. 'I'm yours, darling.' And then shocked her lover by using language more suited to a Liverpool docker when she described what she wanted him to do to her. 

 The coarse obscenities, so foreign and uncharacteristic, flowed from his sweet mother's mouth and ran along the gutter of Lawrence's mind to swirl and blend in the sewer of his darkest desires. The effect upon Lawrence was devastating; that his mother knew these words... That she knew them and used them so freely now... In his mind, the woman beneath was no longer his darling Mama; she became a foul-mouthed whore who deserved to be punished. 

 The dark thoughts of how best to punish his slut brought Lawrence rapidly to the brink. He felt the headlong rush of his release and fell into the abyss. 

 Elisabeth sensed her son's departure from reality moments before his ascent to the peak, and she gloried in the pulse of him as his essence poured into her. The tiny fluttering of Lawrence's seed against her body opened the floodgates of Elisabeth's own climax and she pulled her son even tighter and closer to her with both her arms and her legs enveloping his shuddering form. 

 'Come to my bed, darling,' whispered Elisabeth hoarsely a few moments later. She could feel the sticky wetness of their combined sin when she walked from her son's bedroom and moved quietly along the passage. 

 His mother's modesty was restored by a long, flowing nightgown when Lawrence appeared, somewhat bashfully, minutes later. 

 'What have we done, Lawrence?' his mother questioned. 

 He said nothing for a time, taking the question and tone of her voice as a sign of her shame. 

 Then he spoke: 'We made love, Mother.' 

 Elisabeth's eyes flashed dangerously. 'Love?' You call that, "Love"?' She moved the few paces to stand before him. 'We didn't make love, Lawrence.' Her voice softened in response to her son's hang-dog expression. 'You gave me exactly what I wanted... What I asked for.' Her hand caressed his cheek and she continued. 'We will make love, right here in my bed, and very soon, but I wanted to know how you feel.' 

 Emboldened by his mother's statement of intent, Lawrence replied: 'I feel as though I'm taking my rightful place within the family, Mother. I should be the head. You should be here for advice and guidance, but ultimately, I should be in control.' 

 'And that "Control" includes me?' Elisabeth asked. 

 'Yes.' 

 Elisabeth pondered deeply for several moments. What a change in circumstance in just a few hours. The heat she had experienced between her thighs in the moments following her accidental discovery of her son in her room had been intense, overpowering, and had led to her complete abandonment of her morality. She had known her own son carnally, and now he was usurping her position at the helm. 

 'Allow me to influence your decision, Mother.' 

 The low, deep timbre of his voice and the dark look in his eye sent a glacial shard of lust through her which melted before the furnace of her renewed craving for her son. 

 'Oh, darling,' she murmured at the light but insistent pressure upon her shoulder from her son's hand. Elisabeth sank lightly to her knees and gazed enraptured at the unbridled tumescence that swung heavily before her face. 'Anything you desire, my Son,' she whispered finally. 'Anything you desire.' 

 And Lawrence smiled wickedly as his mother's mouth opened in invitation and she pulled him closer. Report_Story 