#1 

 

 ****** Andi ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© Author's note: This has absolutely no redeeming value. It has precious little in the way of a plot or character development. Most, if not all, of the characters are not even remotely likeable. In short, it is pretty much what you have come to expect from me. Also I should add "Don't bother reading this Harry; you will hate it as much as you have everything else I have done." 

 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 I'll start with a confession. I am a slut. I know I'm a slut and furthermore I enjoy the hell out of being a slut. All it took for me to become a slut was to graduate from high school and go off to college. 

 I was a good girl all through high school. I dated a lot and I did make out with my dates. There was a lot of touching and feeling, but it was all with clothing between the hand and what it was touching. 

 The closest I came to 'being bad' was in high school on prom night. For a couple of years I had been listening to my girl friends telling me how great sex was and how much they loved the orgasms they got. I'd been dating Ralph Mellon for three months and when he asked me to the prom I accepted and decided that on prom night I was going to experience what my friends were telling me about. I was ready. I was more than ready. I'd even swiped some condoms from my parent's bedroom in case Ralph didn't have any of his own. 

 The night started out great. The prom was fantastic. I looked great in my prom dress and Ralph looked like a total hunk in his tux. We hit an after prom party and that is where the night went to hell. Ralph got blind, stinking, shit faced drunk and I ended up having to take a cab home. I had to wake my dad up to get the money to pay the cab driver. My dad was not pleased. I was forbidden to date Ralph anymore, not that it mattered because I was so pissed at Ralph I wouldn't have dated him again anyway. 

 +++++++++++++++++++ 

 I made it halfway through my freshman year in college before I met a guy I wanted to date more than once. I dated Ryan a half dozen times and I finally decided to give him my 'pearl of great price.' 

 We had gone out to dinner and then had gone to a party that he knew about. After some drinks and a lot of dancing I flat out asked him if he could afford a hotel room. "I can do better than that" he said and he took me by the hand and led me to a bedroom toward the back of the house. Once inside he told me to leave the lights off or they would show under the door and people would know someone was in the room and make a pretty good guess as to what was going on. They might even stick around to see who would come out. He told me to lock the door and that he would be right back and would knock three times. A couple of minutes later I heard the three knocks and I let him in. He came in and handed me a fresh drink and then we undressed each other. 

 I was nervous. I knew what was about to happen and I wanted it, but it was my first time. I closed my eyes, took a sip of my drink and a deep breath and then I kissed Ryan. Our tongues played with each other and his hand went down to rub my pussy. I moaned and he said: 

 "You are ready for this aren't you? You ready for me to fuck you?" 

 "Yes baby; I want you" I moaned. 

 He kissed my neck and rolled my nipples between his fingers and I reached with my hand and took hold of his cock. I ran my hand along it and he said: 

 "Put it where you wanted baby." 

 I spread my legs wide and pulled his cock until the head of it touched the entrance to my pussy and moaned: 

 "Do it Ryan; do it!" 

 He pushed a little and I felt him ease into my soaking wet pussy. I pushed up at him and he went in a little deeper. I had expected my first time to hurt a little, but it didn't. The hairbrush handles and other hard things I'd used to masturbate with must have opened me enough. Ryan pushed slowly at first and I told him to go faster. He began fucking me hard and I was pushing back up at him and it felt so god damned good that I was kicking myself for not doing it sooner. 

 I felt the heat building up inside of me and I began to shake. 

 "Oh yes baby, oh yes! Fuck me" I moaned as I clawed at his back. I was moaning and shaking and then I felt it. My orgasm came crashing down on me as I felt his cock pulse inside me. I clung to him as he filled me with his cum. 

 I was lying there panting and loving the warm feeling that an orgasm leaves you with when Ryan said that he had to go pee and would be right back. Three minutes later he was back and he moved over me and pushed his dick into me. I was amazed that he had gotten so hard again so fast. He did me much harder and much faster than he did the first time and he got me off twice before he finished. I was kicking myself for not having started back when my girl friends told me how great it was. 

 He got up to use the bathroom again and I wondered (remember -- this was my first time and I had no clue how men were after sex) if having sex did something to the male that made him have to go to the bathroom. A couple of minutes later he was back and ready to go again. 

 As his hardness slid into me and I wrapped my legs around him I started thinking that something wasn't right. I didn't know much about boys, but I had heard that it takes some time for one to recover. I was stretching to reach the light when my fourth or fifth orgasm hit me and I wrapped myself around him and hung on. When he softened and pulled out I sat up and turned on the light and saw that the guy who had just fucked me wasn't Ryan. 

 "Who the hell are you and what are you doing in here?" 

 "I'm Joe and Ryan told me that there was a girl in this room pulling a train and so I joined in." 

 "Get the hell out of here" I yelled as I stood up and pulled on my thong. 

 "Okay, okay; no need to get pissy. You enjoyed it as much as I did." 

 I grabbed the table lamp off the table and he turned and headed for the door. The problem was that I had indeed enjoyed it as much as he did. A minute after Joe walked out Ryan walked in with a fresh hard on leading the way. I put the lamp down, smiled at him, and told him to lie down on the bed so I could give him my first blow job. He lay down, stretched out and smiled up at me. I grabbed up the table lamp and smashed him right in the crotch. He howled and grabbed his genitals and I hit him another three or four times as I called him every name I could think of. 

 I dropped the lamp and walked out of the room to find a half dozen people there who had been attracted by Ryan's yells. I looked at them and then I said: 

 "If any of you are friends of that piece of shit give him a message when he stops crying. Tell him if he ever comes with in five feet of me again I'll cut his cock off with a dull knife." 

 I saw Joe standing behind the crowd and I walked over to him and said: "I need a ride home." 

 He looked at me for a couple of seconds and then said, "Let's go." 

 Once in the car he said, "What's the deal? Ten minutes ago you were ready to brain me with a lamp and then boom, you are asking me for a ride." 

 I told him what Ryan had done to me and how pissed and upset I was to find him with me instead of Ryan. 

 "It was only supposed to be Ryan; not Ryan and others." 

 "Wow! Your first time. I never would have guessed it from the way you were with me." 

 "I just can't believe that Ryan would do that to me." 

 "Ryan has been trying to get into the Phi Delta Theta fraternity and there were a bunch of Phi Delts at the party and I guess he was trying to make points with them. It will probably backfire on him on him though." 

 "How?" 

 "They are a pretty uptight group and when I tell them what he did and that you weren't a part of it they will probably blackball him and if they do no fraternity on campus will touch him." 

 "You will tell them? Are you a Phi Delt?" 

 "No, but my brother and two of my cousins are. Where do you live? You need to point me in the direction." 

 I looked at him without speaking for a couple of seconds and then said, "Did you mean what you said earlier? The part about enjoying it I mean?" 

 "Of course I did." 

 "Then maybe you could take me someplace other than home because to tell you the truth I did enjoy it very much." 

 ++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 That was the start of my off again on again relationship with Joe. We would date and fuck like bunnies for a couple of months, get in an argument and split up. We would date others and then somehow end up together again. Since I liked sex I was putting out for those I dated when Joe and I were apart. 

 I had a reputation as 'easy' but even though I'd had a bunch of different guys I hadn't reached 'slut' status yet. That came in my junior year. I was back with Joe and we were double dating with his brother and his brother's fiancée. We had gone to dinner and then to a movie and after the movie we decided to go back to the three bedroom house that Joe shared with his brother and one of his cousins and play some cards. 

 We played four handed poker for a while and maybe an hour into the game there was a hand were I and Joe's brother Mack folded and dropped out. Joe bet and Francine (Mack's fiancée) said: 

 "I've got you beat, but I'm out of money." 

 "So put up a blow job instead of money and call." 

 "Okay. One blow job" and she turned over her cards to show four sevens. Joe stood up, unzipped and took out his cock and then he turned over his cards. Four jacks! Francine looked at Joe's meat and shrugged. "A bet is a bet" she said as she got up and went over and went to her knees in front of Joe and took his cock in her mouth. 

 I looked over at Mack with an incredulous look on my face. Mack saw the look and said: 

 "What?" 

 "She's your fiancée." 

 "And he's my brother." 

 "But she's your fiancée." 

 He shrugged. If I was in the right frame of mind I would have gotten up and walked out of the place, but I wasn't in the right frame of mind. I was pissed! That was my date that Francine had her lips wrapped around and the asshole was feeding his dick to her like I wasn't even in the room. 

 Did I mention that I was pissed? 

 "Fuck this" I said as I turned to face Mack. "She's not the only one in this room who can give blow jobs" and I stood up and moved over to him. He already had his cock out by the time I got to him and I bent at the waist and took him in my mouth and started to work on him. After about a minute Mack said: 

 "Blow jobs are nice, but I would much rather put my cock in a pussy instead of a mouth." 

 I stood up and said, "This is your place so you know where the beds are. Lead the way." 

 Five minutes later Mack and I were naked and fucking up a storm. He got me off just before he came, but I was wound up and I wanted more. I swung around and went down on him and went to work. He was just starting to show signs of life when my hips were grabbed and a cock started to push in me. I turned to tell Joe to get the fuck away from me and saw that it wasn't Joe. It was his cousin Dave. Well, I'd wanted more so I let Dave continue what he was doing and went back to work on Mack. 

 From the doorway I heard Joe's voice. "Damn it Dave; get away from her. That's mine." 

 I took my mouth off Mack long enough to say, "Ignore him Dave. You are doing just fine" and I went back to sucking on Mack. 

 Joe came over and started to pull Dave off of me and I took my mouth off of Mack again. 

 "Leave him the fuck alone Joe. You were in such a fucking hurry to get your dick in Francine's mouth so you can just go back to her. It will be a cold day in hell before you get anymore of me." 

 I looked at Dave and said, "Ignore him baby. Fuck me. Fuck me hard." 

 I went back to working on Mack's cock and Dave did just what I'd asked him to do. He came in me and then he and Mack traded places. I don't know how many times I came, but I hoped that Joe saw every one of them and realized what he had given up for a blow job from Francine. 

 Mack shot his load in me and then got up and said he needed to go and check on Francine. Dave pulled his cock out of my mouth, rolled me over on my back, put my legs up on his shoulders and then he fucked me hard. While he was pounding me Mack came back with Francine and they got on the bed beside us. Francine started sucking Mack's cock and when she got him up she moved over him and his cock slid right up inside her as she started fucking him cowgirl. 

 Dave came in me and then rolled me over on top of him and held me while his cock went soft. We laid there and watched Francine fuck Mack. When Dave became so limp that he fell out of me he rolled me over again and offered his soft cock to Francine's mouth and she wrapped her lips around him with absolutely no hesitation. I leaned on an elbow and watched the three of them as I wondered what the hell I had gotten myself into. 

 Whatever it was, I liked it. 

 Mack finally came in Francine and she got off him and pushed Dave down on his back. She had gotten him back up and she mounted him and rode him. Mack laid there watching, his limp dick lying on his leg. I saw it twitch and I moved over to him and took him in my mouth. I wanted more and I tried like hell to get him up, but Mack was done. He didn't have another fuck left in him and I knew that when Francine got done with Dave he wouldn't be worth much either. 

 I was really, really, really tempted to get up and go looking for Joe, but I'd told him that it would be a cold day in hell before he ever got any more of my pussy and I'd meant it. I ended up playing with myself while I watched Dave and Francine. 

 When they were done I told Dave that I needed a ride home. He told me that he would do it in the morning and then he took my hand and led me to his bedroom. I had been right. He didn't have anything left and we fell asleep together. 

 When he dropped me off in the morning he said, "I had a great time last night. Any chance we can do it again?" 

 "Just you and me or all of us?" 

 "However you want it." 

 I thought about it for a moment or two and then said, "Tonight. All of us." 

 "Including Joe?" 

 I thought about it for another couple of moments and then said, "Including Joe." 

 And just like that I was a slut. 

 For the rest of my junior year I pretty much lived at the house and Dave, Mack and Joe kept me busy. Most nights it was me and Francine on the bed next to each other as the three guys moved between us. It was almost always two of them on one of us while the other took care of the third man. 

 A month before the end of my junior year Chris, another cousin, joined us. It got really nasty when Francine or I had our 'time of the month' because whoever wasn't flowing had to satisfy four men. I'd been doing anal with Joe, Dave and Mack, but the first time I had to take care of all four while Francine was having her period was the first time I ever had three in me at the same time. It was awesome!!! I loved it. 

 Mack, Dave and Chris were members of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity and they talked me into going to a frat party with them one night and what a party it turned out to be. There was drinking and dancing and I was having a hell of a good time. Mack took me into one of the bedrooms and he fucked me and then Dave and Chris took a turn. While Chris was doing me some other guys came into the room and one of them stuck a cock in front of my mouth and after only a second's hesitation I took it. It was the start of my first train. I was told later that fourteen guys enjoyed the hell out of me enjoying myself. 

 After that I pulled a train at the Phi Delta house once every couple of weeks. When I asked Joe about it he looked at me and said, 

 "What do you mean?" 

 "You told me that they were a straight-laced bunch and would blackball Ryan for what he tried to do to me way back when." 

 "What I meant was that they are not a group to use underhanded methods to get girls. A willing girl is something else entirely." 

 "Thank God for that." 

 When the summer break came I convinced my parents to let me take summer classes so my senior year would be easier on me. The real reason was that I didn't want to go home for the summer and give up what I had going with the group. How in God's name I never got pregnant I'll never know, but I somehow managed to avoid it. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++ 

 The first day of classes in my senior year my life was turned upside down. The class was Strategic Management and the guy who took the seat beside me was a guy I had never seen before. He turned to introduce himself to me, our eyes met, and I swear to God a spark jumped between us. People say that there is no such thing as love at first sight, but something happened that day. Professor Holcolm passed around a seating chart and when the guy passed it to me I saw that he had printed Glen Morris in the space for his seat. I filled in my space and passed the sheet on and then turned to him and said: 

 "So tell me Glen Morris, where are you taking me on our first date?" 

 "Anywhere you want to go blond girl whose name I don't know." 

 I offered my hand and said, "Andrea Simms, but my friends call me Andi. Dinner and a movie to start?" 

 "Tonight work for you?" 

 "Absolutely." 

 That was the start of a relationship that ended up with me saying "I do" the following June. 

 My meeting Glen put and end to my activities with Joe, his brother and his cousins. Not that I really wanted to stop mind you, but because of Glen I had to. He wouldn't want a cock loving slut for a girlfriend and I fell for him hard enough that I wasn't going to do anything that would scare him away. 

 As far as scaring him away? I wanted to pull his pants down and fuck him silly on our first date, but I didn't. I wanted him bad, but I decided that the best thing to do was let Glen set the pace. I just hoped that he wasn't one of those "We have to wait until we are married" guys. 

 I needn't have worried. He didn't try to kiss me at the end of our first date, but he did ask me for a second and I did get kissed on that one. There were several kisses on the third and we spent half an hour steaming up the windows of his car on the fourth. He put a hand on my breast on the fifth and that was the trigger. I put my hand on his cock which was rock hard and straining to be set free from his tight jeans. 

 He said, "Are you sure?" 

 "I'm so sure that I don't even want to waste time looking for a bed. The back seat will do fine." 

 "That's tempting, but I wasn't expecting this and I'm not prepared. I need to get some condoms." 

 "I don't care about that. I intend to marry you and have your babies anyway so what if we get an early start. Besides, it is the wrong time of the month for me for anything to happen." 

 "Still, I don't want our first time to be on the back seat of my car." 

 He drove to a motel and got us a room. 

 I wanted him in me as soon as we entered the room, but he wasn't having any of that. He believed in foreplay and he was damned good at it. He kissed me from the head on down. He spent time on my breasts, licked my belly button and then ate me to my first orgasm of the night. When I went to repay the favor he held me off. 

 "Right now all I want is to feel your body surrounding me" and he gently pushed into me. Once he was all the way in he made love to me slow and easy until I started to moan and then he picked up the pace and fucked me through two orgasms before he had his. He eased out and settled down beside me and put his arms around me. It just felt so right and so perfect. 

 We cuddled for a while and then I moved down and took his limp cock into my mouth and went to work on it. In five minutes I had him ready and I moved over him and took him into me. 

 We made love four times that night and I got off each time. That was something that had never happened to me before. I'd had plenty of orgasms with Joe and the group, but I'd never had an orgasm each and every time we fucked. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Andi ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© From that night forward Glen and I made love five or six times a week. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 I'd run into Joe, Mack or Dave from time to time and they always asked me when I would be coming back and I always told them never, that I'd met the man I was going to marry and that my slut days were over. They always laughed and said: 

 "You'll be back. Sooner or later you'll be back." 

 "No way. No fucking way!!" 

 Francine even called me once and asked me to please come back and help her out. 

 "They are wearing me out Andi. I need some help." 

 I kept saying no, but did I want to go back? Bet your buns I did, but I knew with a certainty that if Glen ever found out he would be in the wind and I was not going to let that happen. So no way was I going to do the threesomes and foursomes that I so loved and that I really missed. 

 A girl with my sexual appetites should never, ever say "No way!" 

 Glen had a death in the family and he had to fly back to Baltimore. He would be gone for anywhere from a week to ten days. On his third day gone I was sitting at a table in the Student Union cafeteria when Francine joined me at my table. I held up my hand and said: 

 "No way Francine; don't you even ask." 

 "I need a favor and it isn't that." 

 "What is it?" 

 "My car broke down and I had to have it towed to a shop. Can you give me a ride to the house?" 

 I hesitated and she said, "Don't worry Andi. There is no one there. Joe and Mack have classes and Dave is working." 

 "I guess I can do it then." 

 "Thanks a lot Andi; I really do appreciate it. I need to make a quick trip to the ladies and then we can go." 

 When we got to the house Francine said, "Come on in and have a cup of coffee with me. We haven't talked much lately and I want to hear all about this wonderful guy that you caught." 

 I figured that a half hour of conversation over coffee wouldn't hurt so I said okay and went into the house. I sat in the kitchen and watched as she set up the coffee maker to brew. She hit the switch to start the process and then turned to smile at me. 

 "Welcome back" she said and from behind me I heard, "And it's about damned time that you came back." 

 I turned and saw Joe, Mack, Dave and Chris standing there as naked as the day they were born and all four were sporting fully erect cocks. I wish I could say that I fought my way past them and fled the house, but of course I didn't. It was a long night and I promised myself that when I left for class in the morning I wouldn't ever be back and that I'd never speak to Francine or any of the guys ever again. If I saw them I would turn and run -- not walk, but run - - the other way as fast as I could. 

 I spent every night at the house until two days before Glen was due back. I wanted to give myself time to tighten up because I knew Glen would be horny as hell when he got back and five nights with Joe and the crew had to have opened me up a little. 

 I must have recovered enough as Glen didn't seem to notice anything when he got back. He wasn't back ten minutes and he was leading me into the bedroom. 

 I did manage to avoid Joe and the guys for the rest of the year and then Glen and I graduated and were married three weeks later. 

 ++++++++++++++++++++ 

 Glen and I decided that we didn't want children until we were thirty and more established. We both found jobs that we liked and the next three years slid by. 

 

 Things changed somewhat when Glen got a promotion that required him to travel. He would be gone anywhere from three to five days maybe once every three weeks or so. 

 The first thing to change was our love life. We usually made love five or six times a week and I suffered when he was gone. The second thing was that when he was gone I didn't want to sit at home and stare at the wall or watch the drivel that was on TV. I started stopping after work for drinks with some of the people that I work with. They usually stopped at the Alhambra Lounge which was just down the street from our offices. 

 The lounge had a live band Thursday through Saturday and a juke box loaded with music to dance to when the band wasn't there. My first night stopping with the crew was the first day of a four day trip that Glen was on. I found that several of my coworkers were party animals and that a couple of the girls were as big of a slut as I used to be. It came as a surprise to me since both Marge and Judy were supposed to be happily married. 

 We had only been there about forty minutes when Marge went out into the parking lot with a guy who had asked her to dance. The next one to make the trip to a back seat was Judy and I do have to admit that the 'well fucked' look they both had when they came back into the lounge had me remembering my wilder days. Judy had gone out with Jim from the parts department and I couldn't help but wonder -- given Judy's well fucked look -- what he was like as a lover. 

 I got hit on by a couple of guys I worked with and by a couple of guys who asked me to dance and I did get hard cocks pushed into me on the dance floor and it did turn me on, but I behaved myself. I had a good time and decided to do it again on the next night. 

 The next night it was Marge who took Jim out to the parking lot and Judy went out for some backseat time with Fred from Sales. I was asked to dance by several coworkers and lounge patrons and I said yes to anyone who asked. I was felt up, fondled and poked with cocks and I did get turned on, but I again behaved myself. 

 The third night it was Marge and Fred and Judy with some guy who had asked her to dance. I was dancing with Jim when Marge and Fred left and Jim said: 

 "I can tell from the look on your face that you are thinking about what a trip outside would be like. Want to find out?" 

 "No thanks. I'm happily married and my husband takes very good care of my needs." 

 "But your husband isn't here to take care of those needs right now. Besides, both Marge and Judy are happily married, but they still like to have fun." 

 While he was talking he had his hands on my ass and was pulling me into his hard cock. I again wondered what kind of lover he would be. I liked the attention I was getting and I did want to keep it coming so I pushed hard into his erection, lifted my face and kissed him. As I pulled my lips from his I said: 

 "Maybe someday." 

 The next night was Glen's last night away and I was as horny as a billy goat when I stopped at the lounge. I hadn't gone four days without making love since Glen and I had gotten married and I mean that. Even when Aunt Flo came to visit Glen and I still made love. So I guess you could say that I was primed and ready when Jim asked me to dance. As soon as we hit the floor and he had me in his arms he said: 

 "You are ready. I can smell it on you." 

 "Hubby will be home tomorrow. I can hang on that long." 

 "Maybe I can take the edge off for you." 

 "I told you I can wait for Glen." 

 "Okay, but I could still get you off without having sex with you." 

 "How in the world could you do that?" 

 "With my fingers and maybe my tongue. Take a trip out to my van with me and I'll show you." 

 "Oh no. You'll get me out there and I'll have to fight you off. Don't want to be in a position where I have to scream for help." 

 "No you won't. It wouldn't do my reputation any good for that to happen. I promise to keep it in my pants unless YOU unzip me and take it out and I won't even take your panties off." 

 "Bull hocky!! No man has that much self control." 

 Except that he did. 

 I did go out to the lot with him and we necked a bit to warm things up and he worked my boobs out and sucked on them as his hand moved up my leg. He pushed my panties aside and began finger fucking me. One hand working my pussy, the other working my right breast and his tongue fucking my mouth did indeed take the edge off. He got me off and he kept his cock in his pants. He was true to his word that it wouldn't come out unless I brought it out. 

 I've never been a cock teaser and I knew damned well that he was going to go home with a bad case of blue balls after what he had just done to me and I wasn't going to have that on my conscience. I worked his cock out of his pants and gave him a hand job. I almost turned it into a blow job, but at the last second I thought better of it. It would be bad enough if the word got around that I had given him a hand job and as it was I would be willing to bet that those who saw me walk out with Jim would think we were fucking. 

 As I drove home I was wondering why I hadn't. I was ready. I was more than ready and Glen wouldn't ever know. I guessed that the real reason that I didn't fuck Jim was because I knew that once I started I would never stop and that would be just asking for Glen to find out. Having that thought shook me a little. Basically what I'd just thought was that I would have done it if I could have been sure that Glen wouldn't find out. Was the slut that I had banished still around waiting for a chance? 

 +++++++++++++++++++++ 

 Glen came home to an exceptionally horny wife who did her absolute best to fuck his brains out over the weekend and the next three weeks. At the end of those three weeks Glen was off on another trip, but he would only be gone two nights on it. I stopped after work with my coworkers on both of those nights and despite Jim's best efforts to get me to go out to the lot I managed to behave myself. 

 Well, kind of sorta. I did let the guys I danced with be a little free with their hands and if a cock pushed into me while dancing I pushed back. I wasn't being a cock tease, at least not in my mind, I was just being practical. When I first started stopping I'd had to pay for my own drinks, but once I loosened up I never had to pay for another drink. That was both good and bad. The good part was that it was easy on my pocket book. The bad was that when I wasn't paying for my own drinks I didn't pay too much attention to how much I drank. 

 It was on one of Glen's rare five day trips. He left on Monday and wouldn't be back until Saturday and by day three of his trip I was horny as hell. I stopped with the group and had my usual kind of night. I was felt up on the dance floor, had cocks pushed into me and had several invitations to visit the parking lot. 

 That particular night I wasn't paying any attention to how much I was drinking and I drank too much. Too much to drive home anyway. Fred offered to drive me home and I wasn't thinking too clearly and so I said okay. If I had been thinking clearly I would have called a cab. We turned in to my driveway and I turned to give Fred a kiss on the cheek and thank him for the ride, but he turned his head and the kiss meant for his cheek ended up on his lips. His tongue darted into my mouth and instinctively I sent mine into his. 

 His arms went around me and we started making out. The kisses got hotter and more passionate and then my bra was undone and Fred was working on my breasts and their super sensitive nipples. I didn't resist when he took out his cock and put my hand on it and I eagerly spread my legs when his hand went after my pussy. I moaned as his fingers entered me and as he finger fucked me I stroked his cock. 

 I didn't really think about what I was doing. I'd had too much to drink and that combined with my being super horny had me on autopilot. I was humping against Fred's fingers and moaning around his tongue as I worked his cock. Fred broke the kiss, put a hand on the back of my head and ever so gently pushed it down toward his cock. I was just opening my mouth to accept it when he chuckled and said: 

 "I always knew you were a slut and that I'd eventually get you." 

 Those words tripped a switch somewhere in my brain and I sat up, grabbed my purse and got the hell out of his car. I was cursing myself all the way into the house for almost fucking up. 

 At work the next day Fred stopped by my office and said, "Why did you run off last night? It was just getting good." 

 "Just get away from me Fred and stay away." 

 "Don't get pissy with me lady; you were enjoying the hell out of it." 

 "I'd had too much to drink and wasn't thinking clearly. Thank god you called me a slut and woke me up to what I was doing. Too bad for you Fred because you were home free until that comment. Now get your ass out of here and leave me alone and by that I mean from now on. Don't even ask me for a dance when we stop after work. He turned and left. I didn't stop with the group after work that night or the next and when Glen got home I did my best to reduce him to a puddle of jelly. 

 It was two weeks before Glen went out of town again and I stopped again with the group. I was my usual 'loose' self, but I watched how many drinks I had. I had several bought for me, but I didn't drink all of them. During one dance Jim said: 

 "Fred said he almost got you. It almost broke my heart. I always expected that I'd be the one you would give it up to." 

 I was feeling playful and so I said, "That's why Fred only almost got me. Had to save myself for you right?" 

 "Tonight?" 

 "No, not tonight, but maybe some day." 

 "You are bad. Just plain bad." 

 Fred took what I'd said to heart and he never again asked me to dance. 

 ++++++++++++++++++++ 

 The next nine months went by and it was pretty much all the same. I stayed home when Glen was there and stopped with the group when he was gone. I stayed pretty much a good girl; I say pretty much because twice when Glen was gone on five day trips I did end up out in the parking lot for some 'minor misbehaving.' Once I jacked off Jim while he finger fucked and french kissed me and once a really cute guy managed to talk me outside and we did the same thing that Jim and I had done. 

 It was two weeks after my one year anniversary with the company when my section head called me into his office and asked me how I felt about taking a road trip. The company was forming a team to visit customers and handle service problems, evaluate systems, make recommendations for upgrades and the like. 

 "We want you on the team. It will mean a raise of twelve thousand a year plus bonuses and you will go on an expense account. The down side is that some of the trips you will be going on will be going on could run as long as two weeks and I know that you are married so what do you think?" 

 "I want it, but I guess I'll have to talk it over with Glen. Do you need an answer right this minute?" 

 "No, but I would like to know by the end of the week." 

 Glen was luke warm to the idea, but we were saving up money for a down payment on a house and I pointed out that the raise and any bonuses I received could go into the house fund and that once we had the house I could quit the job or take a transfer to a different job inside the company. I also pointed out that with any luck my trips might coincide with his so we wouldn't miss much time together. He reluctantly agreed and I took the job. 

 ++++++++++++++++++++ 

 It worked out that my first two trips did coincide with two of his. The first one was a three dayer at the same time Glen had a two dayer and there was a three day trip at the same time Glen was on a four day one. 

 It was on my third trip that my life changed. It was a five day trip to Memphis. The team consisted of Jim, Judy, Mike, Mark and me. Every evening after leaving the customer's facility we had dinner together and usually hit the hotel lounge for a couple of drinks before calling it a night. Judy being Judy rarely spent a night in her own room. She was either in Mike's room or Mark's room and on the third night she left the lounge with both of them. 

 The evenings were no different for me than the nights I stopped with the group when we were home. I drank, danced, got felt up and even swapped tongues a few times. The forth night I was as horny as a billy goat and when Judy left with Mark Jim said: 

 "Some guys have all the luck." 

 I laughed and said, "Bullshit! You could have been the one she left with and you know it." 

 "Maybe, but I'm saving myself for you. Come on; let's dance." 

 Mike hooked up with some woman who was sitting at the bar and that left Jim and me alone to drink and dance. A couple of more drinks and dances with Jim's hands all over me and I was ready to take him on on our table with everyone watching, but I had just enough sense left to tell Jim that I needed to call it a night before I got stupid and cheated on Glen. 

 Jim's room was next to mine and so we went up together. I ran the key card through the slot and pushed the door open and Jim said: 

 "Don't I even get a kiss?" 

 I turned and offered him my mouth and his tongue snaked in and I automatically responded. It wasn't the first time I had tongue wrestled with Jim and he was a great kisser. How I got from that doorway to my bed with Jim driving hard into me I honestly don't remember, but I do remember pushing back up at him and crying: 

 "Harder, fuck me harder." 

 He got me off twice before he came in me. I felt him pulsing in me and I pushed up at him, wrapped myself around him and took him as deep as I could. When he pulled out I was still so horny that I immediately took his cock in my mouth and worked to get him back up. We screwed twice more before falling asleep. 

 In the morning when I woke up and found a man in bed with me I almost panicked until I remembered what happened. I was in the shower when the wake up call from the front desk came and woke Jim up. The first I knew that he was awake was when he climbed into the shower with me. He took the rag from me to do my back and ended up somehow doing some of the front which ended up with me getting it from behind while I leaned against the shower wall. 

 As we dressed I asked him to please keep what we had done to himself as I didn't want to get the same kind of reputation that Judy and Marge had and he promised me that no one would ever hear about it from him. That took a load off my mind that lasted all of ten minutes. We walked out of the room and into the hallway just as Judy and Mark walked out of Mark's room and saw us. Jim said: 

 "Sorry babe; God must not like you this morning." 

 I saw Mark's face light up and I could tell what he was think -- "I'm next." 

 At lunch time I saw Mark and Mike looking at me and talking and they were both looking at me the way wolves look at a lamb who had somehow managed to escape the safety of the pen. Our flight home didn't leave until 6 a.m. on Saturday so we had one more night to stay and that evening in the lounge when Jim asked me if I was ready for bed I knew what he was asking and I shrugged and said, "Let's go." What the hell; the horse was already out of the barn. It was a very active and enjoyable night and I'm sorry to say I felt no guilt when I boarded the plane to fly home to Glen. 

 I felt no guilt, but I did feel the need to make it up to Glen and so I didn't leave him alone for the rest of the weekend. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++ 

 It was two weeks before Glen's next trip and I never stopped with the group when Glen was in town, but not being at the bar didn't stop Mark and Mike (oh yes, Mark blabbed) from constantly hitting on me. They must have figured that since Judy and Marge were married and still put out and that I was married and had given it up to Jim that I was just like Judy and Marge and would take on any one. Wrong!!! Even Jim kept asking me when we could do it again and I had to keep telling him never; that the first time was a huge mistake that I could not afford to repeat. 

 Anyway, Glen's trip was a four day five night jaunt to San Diego so his first night gone found me with the group in the lounge. The first two nights were like most of the others. I drank, I danced, I got felt up and even kissed a few times, but unlike Judy and Marge I made no trips to the parking lot. 

 The third night I was a bit on the horny side so I did respond to some of the more blatant groping by pushing back into the hard ons that were poking my leg. Mark was the most persistent and at one point I thought he was going pick me up and carry me out to the lot. I wanted to fuck in the worst way, but I had promised myself that I wouldn't. I'd play a little, do some tongue swapping, get finger fucked and maybe, just maybe, give a hand job occasionally, but that was all I was going to do. Mark kept pushing and so I finally told him I'd give him what he wanted if he was willing to pay the price. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Andi ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© "What's the price?" 

 "I'll give you the nastiest blow job you have ever gotten and I'll even swallow your cum, but then I get to bite your cock off and spit it out onto the parking lot. If that works for you lets go; otherwise leave me the fuck alone." 

 We didn't even finish the dance because he couldn't get away from me quick enough. 

 Jim had been out of town for the first three nights, but he was back in time for the fourth. The night started out as usual. Drinks, dancing and some touchy-feely and about two hours into the evening as I was dancing with Jim I had an idea. 

 "Can I ask you for a big favor?" 

 "Depends. What is it?" 

 "Ever since that morning in Memphis when Mark and Judy saw you coming out of my room Mark and Mike will not leave me alone. Would you pretend to be my boyfriend and tell them you want them to leave your woman alone?" 

 "I could do that, but in order to make it believable you would have to act like my girlfriend." 

 "What do you mean?" 

 "Lots of necking, some trips to the parking lot, touching and stuff like that at work." 

 "I can do most of that, but I told you that after our last trip I don't want to cheat on Glen again so I don't know about trips to the parking lot." 

 "You never used to think of finger fucking and hand jobs as cheating." 

 "I suppose. I guess I could do that." 

 "Okay; come on and let's give the folks a show." 

 He put an arm around me and walked me out to his car in the parking lot. We got in on the front seat and started necking. Our tongues fought and he played with my breasts while I unzipped him and eased out his cock. I was stroking him as he worked his fingers into my pussy. Bear in mind it was the fourth night of Glen's trip and I was as horny as all get out and Jim's fingers had me squirming and panting when Jim said: 

 "Judy's coming out with Mark. Bend down like you are giving me head." 

 I did what he said and m face ended up about four inches from his cock and just about that time his fingering brought me to an orgasm and without even thinking about it I opened my mouth and took Jim's cock into it and started sucking. He must have been hot and ready because within seconds he came. I swallowed (I always swallowed) and when he stopped pulsing I looked up and saw Mark, Judy, Marge and Mike looking in the window. Jim chuckled and said: 

 "I guess they will buy the boyfriend story now." 

 Maybe it was because they were standing there watching or maybe it was the slut in me that I had been trying to deny, but whatever the reason I bent my head and took Jim's cock in my mouth and began working to get him up again. Jim said: 

 "You do know that if you get it up again we will end up on the back seat." 

 I took my mouth off of him long enough to say, "Good! We'll give them a hell of a show." 

 It was my first back seat screw since college and Mike and Judy stayed for the whole thing. I was looking into Mike's eyes as Jim pumped his load into me and caused me to climax and I smiled at Mike when he gave me a 'thumbs up.' 

 That night ended the pretense of my behaving myself when Glen was gone. Jim actually became my boyfriend and took care of my hornies when Glen was gone. There was no more parking lot play though. We would stop with the group for drinks and some dancing and then after a while we would head for Jim's place, but I always had to be home by ten in case Glen decided to call. He never had, but I wasn't going to take any chances. Jim said we should just go to my place and play and then after the phone call we could continue playing, but I said no. I would not do it in Glen's place and on Glen's bed. I was a cheating slut, but I did have a few lines I wouldn't cross. 

 +++++++++++++++++ 

 There must be a Goddess of Sluts and she must have thought that I wasn't living up to my full potential so she decided to do something about it. 

 My team was sent to a small manufacturing plant in Romulus, Michigan. It was a six night, five day trip with us flying out on Sunday night and scheduled to fly home the following Saturday morning. Normally I would have got a ration of crap from Glen over a trip that long (he had been luke warm on me taking the job in the first place) but fortunately this turned out to be one of the times that we both took trips at the same time. 

 The team consisted of Mike, Mark, Ralph (a new guy who had only been with the company a short time) and me. It was a typical trip. We checked into the hotel Sunday night late and spent the next day at the customer's facility. We had dinner and then some drinks and did some dancing. I was at a table with three guys who kept me out on the floor. They were also feeding me drinks, but I wasn't watching them since I didn't have to worry about driving home. 

 The first two nights there was the usual 'touchy-feely' and dick poking into my leg that sent me to my room horny. The third night was the night the Goddess of Sluts was setting me up for. I'd been without sex for four days and I was naturally horny and the touching, feeling and dick poking just made it worse. I finally had to call it a night before I lay down on a table and took on all comers. 

 Mark, Mike and Ralph all decided to call it a night also and we were in the elevator and on the way up to our floor when Mark grabbed me and kissed me. His tongue shot into my mouth, I responded and the kiss got passionate. He broke the kiss and Mike's mouth found mine. Another passionate kiss and then it was Ralph's turn. My legs were like jelly when we reached our floor and the elevator stopped and the door opened. Mike pulled me into his arms and kissed me while Mark pulled my purse away from me. Mike carried me down the hall with my arms around his neck, my feet not touching the floor and with his mouth and tongue still working on mine. He walked me right into my room that Mark had opened with the key card from my purse. 

 Mike was still holding me up with my feet still not touching the floor as he continued to kiss me. While I was held in the position Mark or maybe Ralph reached up under my skirt and pulled my panties off me. A hand moved up my leg and fingers pushed into my pussy -- again maybe Mark or maybe Ralph -- and suddenly I didn't care. Three or thirty, I was ready and I pulled my mouth away from Mike's and said: 

 "Fuck me! Somebody fuck me!" 

 Mike walked me to the bed and set me down on it and I rolled over on my back, pulled up my skirt, spread my legs and waited. Mike unzipped and he must have been afraid that I would suddenly come to my senses and stop things so he didn't even undress. He just pulled out his cock, moved between my legs and mounted me while Mark and Ralph stripped. My skirt was up above my waist and my nylon covered legs were up on Mike's shoulders with my high heels pointed up at the ceiling as Mike pounded into me. 

 I was pushing up at him with my fingers dug into his ass when Ralph moved to put his cock in my mouth. I had it open to receive him when Mark pushed him out of the way claiming 'seniority.' I wrapped my lips around Mark and he started face fucking me. Mike came and Mark quickly took his place which gave Ralph his chance at my mouth. When Mark got off Ralph moved to take his place and moved me up onto my hands and knees so he could take me doggie. 

 Mike had undressed and he lay down in front of me and I lowered my head and took him in my mouth. While Ralph was fucking me he was working my butt hole with his fingers. I was pushing back at him trying to get his cock in deeper and he thought I was telling him I wanted him in my ass so he pulled out of my pussy and started working his cock into my butt. When Mark saw that he said: 

 "Damn guys; I bet she'll let us make her airtight." 

 If I hadn't had my mouth full of cock I probably would have screamed out "Yes! Do it!" Ralph pounded my butt until he shot off and when he pulled out Mike moved to take his place. I rolled over and panted: 

 "Not until I get undressed." 

 I started stripping and Mike said, "Leave the nylons and heels on. Nothing sexier than fucking a woman wearing heels." 

 I got down to heels and hose and said, "How do you want me?" 

 "I want your ass. How do you want it?" 

 "Doggie. Always doggie for butt fucking." 

 Mike was rooting around in my root cellar and Mark had moved to face fuck me and as my mouth close around his cock he asked: 

 "Have you ever been three holed?" 

 I pulled my mouth off of him and said, "Yes" and went back to sucking his cock. "You like it?" I did my best to nod a "yes" without losing his cock. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and said, "Let's do it" and the three of them arranged things to suit them. Mark got on his back and I mounted him cow girl and then leaned forward so Mike could move in behind me and get back in my ass. Ralph moved next to me so my mouth could get to his cock and then the three of them worked me. I lost count of how many times I came. 

 I don't much remember who went where and in what order; all I know is that at three in the morning I still wanted to fuck and the three of them were shot and couldn't get it up to save their lives. 

 The next day after we had finished at the customers and had finished dinner Ralph said: 

 "Any one up for some drinks and dancing?" 

 I said. "I'm going up to my room" and I stood up, picked up my purse and then looked at the three as I said, "And I hope that I'm not going alone." 

 It was a repeat of the previous night except that the three didn't make it past eleven-thirty. The fifth night Ralph said: 

 "We could skip dinner and get an early start." 

 "Okay by me" I said and we headed for my room. I had spent some time during the day thinking about the situation so when we got to the room I said: 

 "Ass and mouth only guys. Hubby almost never uses my butt so I need to give my love box a rest so when hubby goes there Saturday night he will be able to feel the sides." 

 They had somehow gotten some stamina back and they were able to make it until almost one-thirty. As we were breaking up for the night I told them I needed to taper off before going home so I'd only do one of them Friday night and I'd leave it up to them to see who it would be. They did 'rock, paper, scissors; right there and Mike won. I reminded him that it would be mouth and ass only and he said: 

 "No problem. I love your ass and your mouth is pretty damned good too." 

 Friday night Mike gave a good account of himself, but I was still craving more. Three nights of being fucked by three men had me wishing that Mike had a half a dozen guys helping him. I'd just given up trying to get him hard one more time when he said: 

 "This has been one hell of a week and I doubt that I will ever forget it. Are you okay? I mean you aren't too upset over what we did to you?" 

 "Have I acted upset? I seem to remember begging for it more than a couple of times." 

 "Yeah, but I mean the way we got you to do it." 

 "What do you mean?" 

 "That first night Mark dropped something into one of your drinks. I think it was Ecstasy or something like that. It was supposed to make you super horny and want to fuck all night." 

 I smiled at that. I didn't need a pill to make me want to fuck all night. I guess the right response to Mike's confession should have been: 

 "That rotten no good fucking bastard! I'll cut his fucking cock off the next time I get my hands on it" but what I said was, "I'll have to thank him for that." 

 "Will we be able to do it again sometime?" 

 I thought about it for a couple of seconds. The slut had come out of her hiding place and there was no sense in trying to deny my true nature any longer so I said: 

 "Probably, but only on trips away from home." 

 I spent the weekend making Glen happy. I almost think he was glad to be able to go to work on Monday just so he could get some rest. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 First thing Monday morning I grabbed Jim and told him what had happened on the trip before he could hear it from some one else and he said: 

 "Does this mean that I'm not your boyfriend anymore?" 

 "No silly. You are still my man when Glen is gone." 

 "Am I going to have to share you with them?" 

 "Maybe on trips, but at home I'm just yours. And Glen's of course." 

 I could tell he was upset so I did something that I'd not done before. I talked him into a long lunch and I spent two hours sucking and fucking him. It was the first time I had ever done it when Glen was in town and I promised myself that it wouldn't happen again. 

 It was three weeks before Glen went on another three day trip and I spent all three nights he was gone with Jim, but every night I was wishing it was with Jim, Mike, Mark, Ralph and maybe a couple of others. 

 Two weeks after Glen got home it was my turn to take a four day three night trip. There were only three of us that time -- Jim, Mike and me. The first night at dinner Mike asked if we were going to party in my room. It always had to be my room in case Glen should call. He almost never did, but I wasn't going to take chances. I looked from Mike to Jim as I thought about it and then remembering how upset Jim had been when I confessed my gang bang and said it probably would happen again on trips I said: 

 "It is up to Jim. If he wants to share it is okay with me." 

 It was Jim's turn to think about it and he took a minute before saying, "I think I want her for myself tonight, but I'm open to sharing for the next two nights." 

 Mike showed disappointment, but he had a least two nights to look forward too and believe me when I say that he made the most of them when he got them. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 Over the next seven months Glen made five trips and I made four. On Glen's trips I pretty much lived with Jim until Glen came home. On two of my four trips there was me and three guys, including Jim, and he always took the first night alone and on the other nights it was gang bang time. On the other two trips Judy was along and I had to share the guys who were with us. 

 And then things changed again. Glen and I had finally saved enough for a good sized down payment on a house. We found one that we both liked, closed on it and moved in. We were no sooner moved in than Glen decided that it was time that we should start a family. I put the diaphragm away and went off birth control pills. The only other change was that I limited Jim and the other guys I went on trips with to mouth and butt only until I got pregnant. They didn't seem to mind. 

 It took Glen three months to get me with child and the positive test and the doctor's visit to get confirmation coincided with one of Glen's three day trips so Jim got to bury himself in my pussy for the first time in a while. 

 Three weeks later I had a three night, four day trip to Albany, Georgia and the team was the same team that had been with me for my first gang bang as a married lady. When we sat down for dinner that evening all four of us knew what was going to follow the meal and it wasn't going to be drinks and dancing. 

 It started in the elevator when Ralph pulled me to him and kissed me while Mark was unbuttoning my blouse. He had my blouse open, my bra unsnapped and my breasts out in the open when the elevator stopped and the door opened. There were three women about my age standing there waiting for the elevator and one of them laughed and said, "You go girl" as the three men hustled me off the elevator and down the corridor to my room. 

 It was not a repeat of the first time. The first time it was a while before we got around to the 'airtight' business, but this time we went right to it. We were not in the room five minutes before Mike was in my pussy, Mark was in my ass and Ralph was in my mouth. For the next three hours it stayed the same. Two of them were fucking me while I was trying to get the third back up again with my mouth. There were a few slack periods when two were limp at the same time and my hands had to work on one while my mouth was on the other, but there was always at least one hard enough to keep me going. 

 The next night was a repeat of the first night and on the last night I limited them to mouth and butt hole and it didn't slow them down one bit. On the way to the airport Mike said: 

 "You love what we do on these trips so why don't you ever do it when we are home? Why do you limit yourself to just Jim?" 

 "Because the likelihood of getting caught when I'm on a trip is almost nil, but the odds go way up when you start doing it at home." 

 "We would be careful right guys?" 

 Both Ralph and Mark said, "Hell yes" and I said, "Sorry guys, but I just won't take the chance." 

 I was in my sixth month and I looked like I had swallowed a basketball and I was as horny as a woman could be. As my pregnancy progressed I seemed to want more and more sex and Glen some how got it in his mind that he needed to back off so as not to hurt the baby. The result was that there were times I wanted to just grab the first man I saw and fuck his brains out. I was in that condition when Glen flew out on a five day six night trip. He flew out Sunday night and wouldn't be back until the following Saturday. 

 I went into work Monday morning feeling ready to fuck Jim on the break room table and only the knowledge that Jim would be fucking me that night kept me from dragging some one -- any one -- into the supply closet. Then I got the bad news. There had been a death in Jim's family and he had flown back to New York and would be gone all week. I wanted to scream when I heard that. 

 About an hour after I got that news Mark walked past my office and I called out to him. He came in and I asked him if he had any plans for the evening. 

 "No. Why do you ask?" 

 "Jim is out of town and I need some one to fill in for him." 

 "You serious?" 

 "Dead!" 

 "Then I guess I do have plans. Want to leave early?" 

 "I can't leave early because I have a meeting with Cargill at four. It should be over by four-thirty and then we can get out of here. How about a long lunch?" 

 The nice thing about having some one that you fuck regularly is that you don't have to waste a lot of time on seduction or foreplay. You walk into the room, strip and get right down to things. I was on the bed and with my legs spread wide within three minutes of walking into the hotel room and Mark was only seconds behind me. He fucked me, I sucked him hard and he fucked me again. I got him up a second time and he was just about to slide his cock into my asshole when he saw the clock and said: 

 "Oh shit! We have to get back to the office." 

 I was so hot and ready for his meat that I almost cried when he got off the bed and started dressing. 

 The nooner had just whetted my appetite and the meeting with Cargill seemed to go on and on and on. When the meeting was over I raced over to Mark's and I was unbuttoning my blouse as I walked up his front steps. My tits were on display when he answered the doorbell and saw me. 

 "Just a little eager are we?" 

 "Shut the fuck up and get me to a bed." 

 I was so wet that he slid right in and then I wrapped myself around him, locked my ankles behind him, dug my nails into his ass cheeks to pull him in deep and urged him to fuck me and fuck me hard. He did me hard for several minutes and brought me to a shuddering orgasm and I was just coming down from it when I heard: 

 "My turn next." 

 I looked over Mark's shoulder and saw Mike standing there naked. Mark said: 

 "You were so hot at lunch that I knew that there would be no way I could handle you on my own so I called for back up." 

 "Bastard!" I said, but even as I said it I was spreading my legs wide for Mike. As Mike pushed in to my wet hole and Mark presented his limp dick to my mouth Mark said: 

 "Ralph should be here any time now." 

 By then I didn't care and I had my legs wrapped tight around Mike. Ralph arrived just before Mike spilled his cum in me and when Mike pulled out Ralph pushed right in. After that it was one after the other, two at a time and three at a time until none of the three could get it up again. As Mike and Ralph dressed (I was staying the night) Ralph asked me: Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Andi ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© "Are we going to do this again tomorrow night?" 

 "It is our poker night" Mike said. 

 "So what?" 

 "There will be three other guys here and she doesn't know them." 

 Ralph turned to me and said, "What do you think?" 

 I thought about it for a minute. I had never intended to ever do anything at home like what I'd just done. I didn't do what I should have done when Mike walked in -- got up and left -- but I didn't and what was done was done. I looked at the three of them one at a time and then said: 

 "I'm still wanting it and you three are out of service. Maybe six could stay with me." 

 "Are you sure about this" Mark asked. 

 "As long as your three friends don't mind fucking a fat broad count me in." 

 Mike laughed and said, "You are sexier pregnant than most women when they are not." 

 The next night was reminiscent of my days in college when I pulled trains at the Phi Delta house. 

 I was there with Mark when the players started to arrive. In addition to my three studs there was George, Sam and Harry. When the game started I hustled around keeping the beer bottles and the baskets of chips full. As I moved around the table Mike, Mark and Ralph would reach out and fondle me and I saw the three new guys look at each other and I wondered if they had been told what my real reason for being there was. It didn't take long for them to find out. 

 Ralph called me over to him and showed me his cards. "Good hand huh?" 

 "Pretty good." 

 "Kiss me for luck" he asked as he unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. I bent at the waist and took his cock in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it a couple of times and then stood up as he called Harry's bet. When the hands were laid down Ralph's full house took the pot. Ralph called me over, had me lean down so he could whisper in my ear. 

 "Take your panties off and sit on my cock." 

 I giggled and said, "I don't have any panties on." 

 I swung over him and eased myself down on his cock and slowly began to ride him as Mike dealt out the next hand. Mark picked up his cards, looked at them and then said: 

 "Fuck this shit!" 

 He threw his hand in, got up and walked over to me as he unzipped and then presented his cock to my mouth. I opened wide and took him in and the card game was over and the gangbang was on. An hour into it George was fucking me in the ass and he asked me if I did this sort of thing often. I laughed and said: 

 "As often as I can." 

 With six guys to take care of there was a lot of three hole action going on and as usual I was loving it. This party was like most of the others in that it was over before I was and as the party broke up Mike said, "Tomorrow night again?" 

 "You betcha, but make sure that you take your vitamins. I want it to last longer than tonight." 

 George and Sam asked if they would be welcome and I told them to make sure that they also took their vitamins. The third night was a repeat of the second night minus one man. The fourth night was just Mike and Mark because Ralph had someplace he had to go and as was becoming usual I limited things to ass and mouth only in case Glen wanted to play when he got home. The last two nights I stayed home and just soaked in the tub. 

 It was a good thing that I had done as much as I did during the week since Glen made no attempt to play when he got home and when I tried to start something he told me he was too tired. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 The next two weeks Glen didn't seem like he wanted to make love at all. He was either too tired or his back hurt or he just didn't feel good and up to it. I was so horny I was ready to climb walls. Then it was my turn to go out of town for a three day two nighter and the trip changed my life yet again. 

 I climbed on the plane ready to fuck one of the guys in the lavatory. I wanted to but I knew I wouldn't. The one certainty was that Jim, Mike and Ralph were going to have their work cut out for them when we reached Saginaw. Fifteen minutes after the captain made the announcement that cell phones and other electrical devices could be turned back on Jim, our team leader, received a phone call telling us to return home as the customer had just filed for bankruptcy. 

 We got off the plane at the Tri-City airport, went to the ticket counter and got set up on the next flight back home. While we waited for the flight I listened to the guys bitch because they weren't going to get to play with me after all. They were not near as disappointed as I was. 

 I got home about a half hour later than my normal time and I saw that Glen was already home. I smiled as I thought of how surprised he was going to be when he saw me. The surprise was all mine. I walked in and saw a woman's purse on the kitchen table and it wasn't one of mine. There was no one downstairs so I headed for the stairway to the second floor and at the bottom of the stairs I saw a high heeled shoe and three steps up I saw its mate. Again, they weren't mine. I retraced my steps to the kitchen and went into the purse on the table, took out the wallet and opened it. Celia Foster is what the driver's license said. 

 Celia Foster was Glen's secretary. 

 I kicked off my shoes and moved as soundlessly as I could up the stairs and down the hall to the bedroom. I was about five feet away from the door when I heard: 

 "Oh yeah baby, like that. Just like that. You feel so good in my pussy." 

 "Your pussy feels so tight. I like being in your pussy." 

 "Better than your wife's?" 

 "She's not tight anymore since she got pregnant." 

 "Is that why after four years you started coming on to me?" 

 "Can you stand honesty?" 

 "Sure I can." 

 "I wanted you the first day you came to work for me, but you were off limits because I was married and wouldn't cheat on my wife." 

 "Yet here we are and I'm so glad. Oooh yes; that's it baby, just like that. Why now?" 

 "Because I'm horny as hell and I can't get turned on by my wife. She looks like she swallowed a watermelon and I can't get a hard on when I look at her." 

 "Well I'm glad you feel that way. I've wanted you since the day I started working for you and I didn't think I'd ever get you. God knows I've tried. I've gone braless with low cut blouses and bent over in front of you a hundred times but you never gave me a tumble until three weeks ago. Enough talk lover; this bed is so much more comfortable than the desk in your office so fuck me on it. Fuck me hard baby, fuck me hard." 

 There was more, but I'd heard enough and I backed away and went back downstairs. I was pissed! The rotten bastard was cheating on me! And no, there wasn't any double standard thing going on here. I was cheating on him, but I gave him everything that I had. Even after being gang banged I'd fuck him into exhaustion and still be trying to get him up again, but he was fucking his whore of a secretary and he wouldn't fuck me? 

 That sucked!!! 

 Even though I was pissed I kept myself under control. I wouldn't go storming in on them screaming and hollering at them in a rage. I'd just file it away and use it if Glen ever found out about me. You know, the old: 

 "Why are you upset Glen? I'm only doing what you do. I never did it until I came home one day and found you fucking Celia on our bed. I figured if sex outside the marriage was okay for you it would be okay for me." 

 What could he say to that? 

 I went back to Celia's purse and looked in her wallet. She had a hundred and twenty-six dollars in it and I took a hundred. If she was going to fuck my husband she was going to pay for the privilege even if she didn't know it. I smiled as I thought of how she would be when she went to get the money out of her purse and it wasn't there. 

 I quietly left the house and as soon as I was down the street I called Mark. 

 "Would you like a house guest tonight?" 

 "Of course I would. What's up?" 

 "Tell you when I get there. Mind calling the guys and seeing if they want to play?" 

 "I'll just bet you that they will." 

 I didn't call Jim because my 'boyfriend' liked to keep me for himself, but I was at a point where I needed a hell of a lot more than one guy could give me. When Jim found out he would be pissed, but it couldn't be helped. 

 Mike was already there when I got there and Ralph showed up before I got my coat off. I had already fucked Mark and Mike and Ralph was buried in my ass making me squeal with delight when the doorbell rang and Sam and George -- two guys from the poker party -- joined us. I looked at Mark and he laughed. 

 "Don't look at me that. You know damned well that you would like four or five more if I could have found them on short notice." 

 He was right, but I couldn't tell him that because Mike was in my mouth. Then it got busy and I lost track of who and in what combinations until we called it quits around midnight. When everyone was gone Mark cuddled up behind me, slipped his cock into my ass and we fell asleep like that. 

 The next morning at work I told Jim what had happened and then I asked him if he still wanted to be my boyfriend. 

 "Of course I do. Why would you even ask?" 

 "Because of last night and the fact that it wasn't you that I called. You tend to want to keep me for yourself and last night there wasn't any way you could have kept me satisfied. It is probably a hormonal problem, but the longer my pregnancy runs the hornier I seem to get. There are times I really, really, really need more than one cock and I need to know if you can handle it." 

 "You are right; I do want you all to myself. I keep hoping that your husband catches you and kicks you out so I can have you full time, but I am a realist so I'll take what I can get when I can get it." 

 "That's a sweet thing to say, but I love my asshole of a husband and I'll hang on to him for dear life. Want a house guest for tonight? I'm still out of town as far as Glen is concerned." 

 "Can we both call in sick tomorrow?" 

 "Sure. Why not." 

 ++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 From then until my eighth month every time Glen was gone for more than three days his first night gone was gangbang night. The second night would be taper down night with usually only two and once in a while three and the third night would be just Jim. A short two night trip would have me with only Jim. Glen did have one six night trip during that period and the first three nights were gang bang nights. The second night of that trip I did nine guys and for the first time since I started cheating I was fucked into exhaustion. After my seventh month I stopped taking trips so I had to rely on Glen's trips to give me what I seemed to have to have. 

 Glen was still fucking Celia or at least I think he was. He was working late a lot more and he had started going in to work on the occasional Saturday which are things he had never done before I got pregnant. 

 I was in my eighth month when I discovered something. It started with me finding several long red hair strands on one of the pillows. The only person I knew with red hair was Celia and since I had washed the sheets and pillow cases the previous Saturday the hairs had to have been left recently. That told me that Glen and Celia were sneaking home during the day while I was at work. I left them there and the next day there were a couple more. Again I left them there and the next day I found a small trace of lipstick on one of the sheets. 

 It dawned on me that it was not accidental. Celia wanted me to find her signs. She wanted my Glen and she was setting things up so I would confront him and kick him out of the house and then she could move in on him. If I needed confirmation I got it on Saturday when I did the laundry. There was a pair of panties in the laundry hamper that were not mine. Celia knew that I'd find them and that I would know that they weren't mine. 

 Monday Glen left on a two day trip and at lunch time on Tuesday I dropped by his office at noon and invited Celia to join me for lunch. Her curiosity got her to accept and we went to the diner across the street. There was some general chit-chat until our order had been taken and then I said: 

 "How are you and Glen getting along? Got a good relationship?" 

 "What do you mean?" 

 "To be a really good secretary you have to be in tune with your boss so I'm just wondering if you and Glen have a good relationship." 

 "Yes. I think we do; it does seem to be working." 

 "Good. Good relationships are important in the work place. Of course it goes without saying that they should be kept there" I said as I took a bag out of my purse and slid it across the table to her. She opened the bag and found an envelope and her panties. She was staring at the envelope and I said: 

 "Go ahead and open it." 

 The envelope contained the hairs and the piece of sheet I'd cut out that had the lipstick smudge on it. As she opened the envelope I said: 

 "The hairs and lipstick smudge were kind of subtle, but the panties were kind of blatant don't you think?" 

 She looked up at me quickly and I said, "Don't waste time on denials. I came home early one day about two months ago while you and Glen were playing in the bedroom. You can say you have no idea of what I'm talking about, but it was your purse on the kitchen table and your voice that asked him if your pussy was better than mine." 

 "So that's were my money went." 

 I smiled and said, "I felt it only fair that if you wanted my man you should pay for the privilege." 

 Just then our order came and after the waitress was gone I said, "The fact that I know this and haven't kicked him out should tell you that you are wasting your time trying to get me to do it now. I heard him tell you why he can't get it up around me and that little problem will go away in another two weeks or so. Six weeks after that the doctor should clear me to have sex again and I can promise you that I will keep my hubby so worn out that he won't have any left for you. 

 "But I'm not heartless. Glen obviously has needs and I love him enough I don't want to see him suffer so you can keep on keeping him satisfied until I'm able to take over. Just understand that I'm not giving him up. Do we understand each other?" 

 "Why are you doing this?" 

 "Easy. Because I love him and I recognize that he is just a man and all men are basically weak creatures. Sometimes, especially if you have a good one, you need to make allowances. Also I know my man. Once I resume my wifely duties the guilt he will feel over what he did while I was pregnant will have him doing anything that I want. I didn't lose anything on the deal. The pregnancy scrambled my hormones (and here I told a whopper) and I lost all interest in sex so Glen didn't give you anything that I wanted for myself. So enjoy the next eight weeks." 

 I smiled at her and I got up and walked away from the table. She was so shocked that I don't think she realized that I'd stuck her with the check. 

 Would she tell Glen about our little meeting? I didn't think so, but so what if she did? He would be guilty and contrite and I would be forgiving and if he ever found out about my playing I'd just say I felt a powerful need to get even. 

 I don't think she told Glen. I saw no change in him over the next two weeks and during that period he 'had to work late' four times and he went into work on one of the Saturdays. 

 ++++++++++++++++++++ 

 It was a Wednesday and Glen had called me at work to tell me that he had to work late so not needing to rush home I was at Jim's apartment and in the middle of sucking hi cock when my water broke. It wasn't supposed to because my due date was still eight days away. Jim drove me to the hospital and I finished his blow job on the way. I wondered how many other pregnant women had arrived at the hospital to give birth with the cum of a man other than their husbands in her mouth. Oh yeah! I was most definitely a slut. 

 I called Glen at his office when I got to the hospital and was not the least bit surprised when all I got was the recorded message. After the beep I left a message. I called his cell and didn't get an answer there either so I left him voicemail message. 

 If you ever wanted to see what pure unadulterated guilt looked like you needed to be in my hospital room to see the look on Glen's face when he rushed in. Just imagine it. Buried in his secretary's pussy when his wife was in labor needing him. He was full of apologies and I just listened to him and never once asked him why I couldn't reach him. I could just imagine how it would hit him when he went into work and got my message. He would know that I knew he wasn't at work which is where he told me he would be. I wondered if he would ever bring it up and offer some excuse. I would never bring it up. Let him worry about it. 

 ++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 The six weeks between Glen junior's birth and the doctor's clearing me to have intercourse again were an absolute hell for me. I can't even begin to describe how horny I was. I was on maternity leave and not around my four studs not that I could have done much with them anyway. I could suck cock and if they were slow and gentle I could take it in the butt. It would at least have been something and I would have settled for it, but I couldn't even get that. 

 Glen had arranged it so he wouldn't have to take any more trips until I was back on my feet. He wanted to be home so he could hover over me and take care of me. It was really sweet of him to be that way, but the help I needed I couldn't ask him for. I could -- and did -- suck his cock, but he wouldn't even lick my pussy until the doctor cleared me for sex and there was no way I could ask him to tap my ass. He had only done it once and when it was over and he pulled out and saw shit on his dick he almost barfed and said that he wouldn't do anal ever again. 

 The big day finally came and on a Tuesday morning the doctor cleared me to resume sexual activity. The problem was that twenty-four hours earlier Glen had left on a five day four night trip. I really, really wanted Glen to be my first, but he was gone and as horny as I was there was no way I could hold out for another four days. 

 I called Jim to see if he was free that night and lucky for me he was. My problem was that I couldn't leave the house because since Little Glen had come on the scene Big Glen had started doing something that he had never done before. He started calling home every night he was away so I had to stay home. That meant that I was going to have to break my long standing rule of never doing it in Glen's house. I was able to avoid doing it on Glen's bed (why it mattered I don't know since Glen was doing Celia on it) by using the guest bedroom. 

 Jim arrived as I was breast feeding Little Glen. He sat and watched the baby suckle and the look on his face told me what he wanted to do. It was something else I couldn't get Glen to do. I smiled at Jim and said: 

 "Come on. He's only using one of them." 

 A couple of minutes later the phone rang. I had the cordless sitting next to me for when Glen called. I answered the phone and after exchanging greetings Glen asked me what I was doing. 

 "I'm breast feeding" I said as I looked down at the two mouths working on my breasts. 

 "I wish I could be there with you." 

 "I wish you could be here too" and I really did mean it. I would rather have had Glen there with me than Jim, but it hadn't worked out that way. 

 After Glen hung up I burped Little Glen, put him down to sleep and then led Jim to the guest room where we proceeded to make up for lost time. We took it slow and easy the first two times, but after I sucked him hard and got him up for a third time I told him that I needed him fast and hard. I woke Jim up with a blow job in the morning and sent him off to work freshly fucked. 

 The next night Jim was there again when Glen called only that time my legs were up on Jim's shoulders as he pushed his cock deep into me. I made Jim quit while I took the call. He didn't want to because he thought it would be a hell of a kick to be fucking me while I was talking to Glen, but I wouldn't allow it. It the morning Jim called in to work and told them he was taking a personal day and he spent the entire day with me. I made Jim go home that night and I didn't have him over the last night Glen was gone. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Andi ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© I was well broken in when Glen did get home and I spent the weekend trying to turn him into a worn out wreck. 

 ++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 My ego took one hell of a shot three days later when Glen called me and told me he had to work late. He didn't know that I knew that "working late" meant that he was fucking Celia. That wasn't supposed to happen. I'd told Celia that I would keep Glen so worn out that he wouldn't be able to give Celia any. She was probably on her knees sucking his dick and laughing at me when he called. 

 Anyway that was the picture that I still had in my mind two weeks later when Glen left on another trip. He had 'worked late' three times and had gone in to work on one Saturday and each time he called I just knew that his cock was either in Celia's mouth or pussy so on Glen's first night gone when he called I had Jim's cock in my pussy and I didn't make him take it out as I took the call. I did tell him to slow down and take it easy so Glen wouldn't hear anything that would make him suspicious. 

 The next night when he called I had Jim in my pussy, Mark in my ass, Ralph in my mouth and I was jacking off Mike. The only one I had stop was Ralph. I couldn't very well talk with my mouth full now could I? 

 How did it happen that my entire crew was there with me that night? Jim told Mike I was back in operation and Mike called and asked when he could come over and play and I told him that he could come over the next time Glen took a trip. He told Mark and Mark called and said "What about me?" When Ralph heard that Mark and Mike were coming over he called and said, "Don't you love me any more? How come Jim, Mike and Mark, but not me?" Anyway, Jim took his 'only me' stance on the first night and the other three got to join in on the second and third nights. The fourth night was 'taper off' night with Just Jim and the last night was soak in the tube night. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 There was a day care center in the building next to the one I worked in and when Little Glen was four months old I went back to work. My trips were a thing of the past, but it didn't matter too much. When Glen was home I didn't need my 'crew' and when he was gone I had my four man team to keep me occupied. 

 What constantly amazed me was that as much as I was giving Glen he was still doing the "Have to work late tonight honey" thing and he was still working the occasional Saturday. I began to think that he wasn't screwing Celia -- that he really was working late. That is I thought that until one night when Glen was out of town and 'my crew' hadn't yet arrived and I got a phone call from Celia. Basically she called to gloat. After I said "Hello?" I heard: 

 "Hi there hot stuff." 

 "Who is this?" 

 "The other woman. You know, the one you said wouldn't get any more of Glen because you wouldn't leave him with enough to give her? Just calling to let you know you need to step up your game. If you are doing the best you can do I'm here to tell you it ain't good enough girl." 

 Naturally the call was pissing me off and, naturally, I wasn't going to let her know that. As sweetly as I could and without sounding sarcastic I said: 

 "Well if he still has enough to take care of you when I'm done with him I guess we should sit down and talk about sharing him. Work out some way that between the two of us we don't screw the man into an early grave." 

 "Are you freaking serious?!!! 

 "Of course I am. I've already told you that I love the man and I'm not going to give him up. If he needs what you have to offer I love him enough to let him have it. You doing anything tonight?" 

 "No. Why?" 

 "Why don't you come over and have dinner with me and we can discuss how best to share Glen." 

 "I don't believe this. Normally I'd laugh and hang up, but this is just too bizarre. What time?" 

 "Say seven?" 

 "Okay, you're on." 

 I gave her directions and five minutes after she hung up my guys started to arrive. All except Mark were against the idea, but when I not so subtlety let them know that there would be no more pussy from me unless they did what I wanted they all fell into line. 

 Celia rang the doorbell at seven exactly and I smiled warmly at her as I invited her in. With the door open she couldn't see the four naked men behind it, but after she stepped in and I closed the door behind her she saw them. I had cut up two pair of my panty hose to make stocking masks for the guys and the sight of four naked men in masks stunned her long enough for Ralph to stuff a rag in her mouth as Mark and Mike grabbed her. 

 "Take her to my bedroom" I said, "As I remember it she likes being fucked on my bed." 

 Celia struggled, but the four men had her stripped in less than a minute and after that it was a pure assed one after another gangbang. What I had hoped would happen did as the third cock, which was Mike's, speared into her clean shaven pussy. Her arms and legs came up and grasped him and she started fucking back. I nodded at Mark and he pulled the rag out of her mouth. 

 As soon as the rag was gone she started getting vocal saying things like, "Oh God yes!! Fuck me; please fuck me" and as soon as she started that I started taping with the video camera, I got footage of her being put on her hands and knees and then going eagerly after Jim's cock while Ralph fucked her doggie. I got her taking three cocks at once. The first time it was reverse cowgirl with Mark in her ass, Jim in her pussy and Ralph in her mouth. The second time it was doggie with Ralph in her ass, Mark in her pussy and Mike in her mouth. 

 Just watching the action through the view finder had me so fucking hot I wanted to scream! But as hot and horny as I was I had to sit out and play a part. Several times during the festivities the guys tried to talk me into joining them and I always said: 

 "No way! You guys know that I don't cheat on my husband" and other words like that. 

 It went on until two in the morning. The guys finally go to where they couldn't answer the call any more. As things were breaking up Mark said: 

 "This was wild. I'll do favors like this for you anytime, but I sure wish that you would have joined in." 

 "I'm glad to know I can still excite men, but like I told you; I just don't cheat on Glen." 

 Celia laid on the bed a fucked out mess, but she had a happy look on her face. I saw the guys to the door and then went back and checked on Celia. She was zonked out and I guess that was some sort of validation for me. She had said that the best I could do didn't seem good enough, but when the guys finished up with me and went home I was still awake and wishing that there had been two or three more in the group. I threw a blanket over her and then I went over and sacked out in the guest bedroom. 

 In the morning I was in the kitchen making pancakes when she came into the room. I pointed at the coffee pot and told her there was cream in the icebox. She poured herself a cup and then sat down at the table. 

 "Why did you do that to me?" 

 "If you are going to fuck my man you are going to have to pay for the privilege. The first time it cost you a hundred bucks. This time you allowed me to repay some favors. I'm not sure what it will be the next time, but I'll think of something good." 

 "I've a good mind to call the cops on you and those guys." 

 "And tell them what? That you called me to rub my nose in the fact that you are fucking my husband and I invited you over to talk about how best to share him? They will laugh at you. You have no idea who the guys were and since I will deny that it happened I won't be giving up any names. You going to tell Glen? Yeah, I can just see that. Then you would have to tell him about the meeting we had when I was pregnant and I'm sure he will want to know why you kept it from him. 

 "You don't want to give me any grief girlie. I've got videos of you begging for it as the guys fucked all three of your holes. I was careful to frame things so nothing in the footage will show it is my bedroom so when copies get mailed to all of your coworkers all they will see is you being an absolute slut. You behave and no one will ever see it. 

 "No honey; all you are going to do is wonder about what I'm going to do next if you keep on fucking my husband. You can keep on, but just remember you will end up paying for the privilege. It shouldn't bother you all that much. God knows you got into it and enjoyed the hell out of it last night. Now eat your breakfast while I shower. I want to do the dishes before I go to work." 

 Celia was dressing when I came out of the shower. "You won't need to do the dishes. I did them when I finished. What you said about my paying for the privilege. Does that mean I might have to face more nights like last night?" 

 I laughed and said, "I was right. You did get into it and enjoy it. To answer your question I don' really know. All the guys last night owed me and even then two of them were reluctant, but I managed to talk them into it. I don't know if I can ever get them to do it again, but don't you worry your sweet little buns; I'll come up with something." 

 ++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 The day went god awful slow. I hadn't gotten any the previous night and having to watch what happened only made me hornier so I was watching the clock. The guys would be over again this night and I was going nuts just waiting and the hands on the clock didn't seem to be moving. Finally it was quitting time and I rushed home to get ready. 

 Mike was the first to arrive and I was on my knees sucking his cock when Jim got there. Ralph walked in on Jim butt fucking me while I still had Mike in my mouth. I was facing away from the bedroom door when I heard Mark say: 

 "Looks like we are a little late." 

 "We" I thought? I took my mouth off of Ralph and turned and looked. Mark was standing there with Celia and they were watching Mike fucking my pussy and Jim doing my ass. Celia was smiling as she said: 

 "Don't stop on our account." 

 As she said it she and Mark were undressing. There was no sense in stopping and asking questions so I turned my head and went back to sucking on Ralph's dick. 

 With Celia and me both to play with the night ended a lot earlier than I wanted it to. Two girls and four guys was not a good mix especially for a girl like me who liked a lot of three hole action. Six or even eight guys would have been better. The high point of the evening as far as Celia was concerned was when Glen called and I took the call with Ralph fucking my butt. "Oooh you are such a nasty girl" she said when I hung up. 

 After the guys were dressed and gone Celia said, "Since you were so willing to share Glen with me I was sure that you wouldn't mind sharing your posse with me too." 

 "How did you know?" 

 "Oh come on girl. You didn't have enough time between inviting me over and my getting here to set up things and that, at least to me, meant the guys were already here or were on the way, I didn't buy for one second your protestations to the guys that you didn't cheat on your hubby. You aren't that good an actress sweetie. 

 "As for tonight? I gambled that you did it whenever Glen was out of town so I gambled on your doing it again tonight and I parked up the street and was watching when your herd started arriving. I walked up and joined Mark when he got here and told him that you had invited me." 

 "But why?" 

 "Your fault honey; totally your fault. What you had done to me last night woke up something inside me that I never knew was there. When do we do it again?" 

 "Glen is due back tomorrow so the next time won't be until he goes on another trip" I said and then I explained my schedule to her. 

 "You mean it could be two or three weeks before it happens again?" 

 "For me yes, but for you? You are free to do it whenever you want." 

 "Well Mark and I did exchange phone numbers. I guess I'll have to give him a call. I don't want to wait two or three weeks." 

 "You need to build up your own herd. I need all four of mine just for me when Glen is gone. Sharing them with you left me just a little on the unsatisfied side." 

 "But I can use yours when Glen is home?" 

 "That is up to them. I have no say in what they do." 

 ++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 Celia was a fast worker. I was surprised the next afternoon when Mike and Ralph asked for my permission to see Celia. They actually asked me if it would be all right for them to fuck another woman. That blew me away! Jim told me that he was still waiting for Glen to catch on and kick me out so he could have me, but he hoped I wouldn't mind if he saw Celia every once in a while. Mark didn't say anything to me, but then again he didn't have to. Celia had to have gotten the phone numbers from the other guys from him. 

 It has been a year now and things seem to be working out. My boys see Celia from time to time when Glen is home and she has worked on building her own stable. Mark got her in touch with the guys who joined my crew at our first poker party and she has come up with one or two of her own. 

 In a move that caught us all by surprise Mark and Celia married and it hasn't stopped him from joining me with the rest of my guys when Glen is out of town. He will sometimes bring Celia along and when he does she will usually bring along one or two of her crew. 

 Glen still occasionally 'works late' and he still does put in an occasional Saturday and Celia always lets me know so I can arrange a visit to Jim's on those times. 

 That is where things set right now. Who knows what will happen next? I don't, but I am looking forward to it. Report_Story 