#1 

 

 ****** Babysitting Ch. 01 ****** byStoryTeller07© Lara needed a place to stay while back in the country after completing a contract teaching English in Germany. Aunt Beth was going into hospital so she volunteered to baby-sit Beth's house and her cousin. 

 "Just keep an eye on him. He won't be any trouble." Beth said, on the phone. 

 As it turned out it was Lara who got into trouble. She hadn't seen little Timmy for some years and he had grown up and that was the trouble. He was eighteen and had become a handsome young man. 

 Lara phoned Beth from the airport. "Sorry Beth I'm running late. The flight was delayed and they lost my luggage. No. It's OK. You go ahead, I'll be out there in a couple of hours; they'll deliver my luggage when it turns up. OK. Good luck for tomorrow. Bye." 

 The taxi was expensive but it was the only way to get to the farm. She couldn't help calling it that although it was no longer a working farm since her uncle had died and the land was sold off. The house stood by itself among trees overlooking a river. It was as beautiful as she remembered, only a little more run down. 

 "Hi! You must be Timmy." Lara said, offering her hand. 

 He took her hand in a diffident shake. "You just missed mom." He said. 

 "Sorry about that. I'm sure she'll be fine." Lara didn't know what to say. He didn't seem to want to talk much. He shrugged his shoulders and pointed up the stairs. 

 "Your room is up there on the right. Bathroom to the left." He said. 

 She remembered the house well from summer vacation times. It would be nice to spend some free time there reminiscing. Timmy didn't seem to be a problem. All she would have to do is keep the place tidy and cook meals. He was eighteen and she was twenty-five with plenty of experience of handling youngsters. He probably saw her as being old. 

 Without luggage she had nothing to unpack and was dying for a cup of coffee. 

 "Do you want a cup?" She asked. 

 "No. I'm on the computer talking to friends." He said, over his shoulder. 

 She watched him scuttle up the stairs then headed into the kitchen. Looking through what used to seem a huge kitchen dresser she found some cups. At the back was a dusty Mini Mouse mug. "Good Grief!" She murmured. It looked like hers from when she was about twelve. 

 Lara had grown up into a woman over the last twenty-three years. She was five foot five, brunette, thin, pale skin with a nice a figure. Her breasts had filled out to c cups but her best feature was a cute arse. At least that's what she had been told by the last boyfriend. 

 In her room she sat on the edge of the bed looking around noticing the changes. Rousing herself she went for a much-needed shower. Wrapped in a towel she padded down to the kitchen with the only clothes she possessed until her luggage turned up. "Damn. It's only one in the afternoon. I need to stay awake to get rid of this jet lag." She told herself, stifling another yawn. 

 With her clothes in the washing machine she padded on bare feet back up stairs to find something to do. "Oh! Timmy. You startled me." She said feeling foolish. 

 Almost colliding with him she stepped back. He was taller than she thought. She held on to the towel feeling just a little embarrassed. Despite being her cousin he was a stranger and he was standing there staring at her. "My clothes are in the washer." She said, feeling foolish at stating the obvious. 

 "Mom made me bring a box down out of the attic. It's your old stuff I think." He said with a shrug. 

 "So where is it?" She said. Excitement over the idea of reviving old memories overcame her embarrassment. He pointed to her room. She ran in seeing the dusty cardboard box, noticing it before but without interest. Hurriedly opening it she found an old teddy bear on top. More treasures were revealed with each dig. 

 "There's more stuff in the basement." He told her. 

 The sound of his voice brought her round to the present. She was kneeling on the floor bent over the box in just a towel. 'Damn it!" She thought. She stood up quickly straightening it trying to conceal her body as much as it allowed. 

 "Hey Timmy. Don't come in to my room." She scolded him. He shrugged and turned away, back to his room. For a moment she felt like the teacher at school being cross with an errant pupil. She giggled at the thought of being in class dressed in just a towel. 

 The box kept her busy for a while musing over the past. Lying on the bed she read one of her favourite novels and nodded off. With a start she awoke from a dreamless deep sleep. The sun had gone down but she was still feeling exhausted from lack of sleep. 

 Walking into the kitchen she was put out to see Timmy with a friend. They were eating cereal at the kitchen table. "I need to get my clothes." She said, lamely. Edging round them she leant over the machine on tiptoe not wanting to bend over. Not wanting to make the same mistake again. 

 At last giving up she asked. "How do you open this thing?" 

 "Here let me help." Timmy's friend offered. 

 He was the same wide shouldered slim hipped shape as Timmy only with dark hair not auburn. The auburn hair was an unmistakable family trait. He wasn't even family and he was standing a little too close for comfort. 

 "It's broken. Perhaps the fuse has blown. It won't open until the cycle has completed." Timmy said offhandedly. 

 His friend was looking down at the mounds of her breasts adding to her discomfort. "Damn! What am I going to wear?" She said out loud. 

 "There's an old trunk in the basement." Timmy said, round a mouthful of cereal. 

 

 "You two can bring it up for me. I'll be in my room. By the way what's your name?" She asked. 

 "Bobby." He said. 

 "Let me know if you want friends round next time, Timmy." She scolded him. She looked at the kitchen clock. "What time are you due home." She asked. 

 "I'm staying over. Keeping Tim company." He answered. 

 "I'm not sure that's a good idea." She felt self-conscious, as he was talking to her breasts not her. They were both sullenly staring at her now. "OK. With Beth in hospital I guess you could do with some company." She relented. 

 She almost muttered, 'Youths of today, no manners.' She dismissed the thought as it made her feel old. There was a knock at the door. "Ok come in. Drop it down here." Lara hoped there were some clothes in the trunk. Anything would do. 

 

 Even if she could bear to wear something of Beth's they were several sizes to large. Besides the bedroom door had been padlocked shut to keep out Timmy and his friends. 'This was a real minimalist existence with no home, no car, and without even clothes.' She thought. 

 Back in the kitchen she told them. "It's locked. Do you have a key." She stated. "Well look around!" She scolded them, in exasperation at their idleness. With some small hope there might be something in the trunk she joined in the search. 

 Pulling out a draw in the dresser she found at last a collection of old keys. 'Just like Beth to keep old junk." She thought. Half way to the table the towel slipped. She hesitated with the heavy drawer in both hands then lurched forward to drop it onto the table. Quickly turning to pick up the towel she trod on one corner of it and fell. 

 She quickly stood grappling it around her. "What's the matter with you two. Haven't you seen a naked woman before?" Their expressions told her they hadn't and at their age where would they have. She knew it was just a silly remark from the panic but still she felt ridiculous. 

 Attempting to recover her dignity she told them. "Carry the draw up to my room." 

 It didn't need the two of them but they followed like little puppy dogs with tongues hanging out. As she climbed the stairs she realised the towel had been pulled up too tight in trying to quickly cover her breasts. They were getting a view of both cheeks, perhaps more. Too late now! She just carried on trying to ignore the idea of them ogling her arse. 

 As though they were leashed together they both stepped into the room to leave the draw. All the time their eyes were wide upon her. "OK. Now leave." As an after thought she said. "Bring me a cup of coffee. White no sugar." They both nodded and backed out of the room. 'Well I have their attention now.' She thought. 

 They dutifully knocked both peering in to see what she was or wasn't wearing now. Their looks were obviously predatory and Lara looked each of them in the eye telling them. 

 "You can go now. I'll be down later to get something to eat. It might be best if you go to your room Timmy." She told him sternly. 

 There were clothes in the trunk, some hers and others cousin Jenny's. She wondered what Jenny was up to these days. She had last seen her father's older brother with Jenny and the rest of his family at her father's funeral last year. 

 She laughed at the thought of her old clothes fitting. Jenny was older and even back then on the large side so her clothes looked a possibility. It was no good the jeans wouldn't fit. She wished for once she had listened to Beth and learnt to sew. 

 With a pair of scissors she hacked off the legs of a pair of Jenny's jeans. They just about fit around her tiny waist although they were a little too high cut on the legs. It was the only way to get them on. Taking a scarf she wrapped it around her chest. "Well. It'll have to do until I get my clothes back." Pleased with herself she marched down to the kitchen. 

 She was about to tell the young lads she wanted them out of the way but realised they needed to be fed. After all that was what she was there fore in exchange for free accommodation. 

 There was still bottled gas so she busily searched for pots and pans and hunted out a can of beans. "Eggs, bacon and beans alright for you guys?" She asked cheerily. They nodded vigorously. 

 They were watching her carefully not wishing to miss a moment when she bent over in the tight little cut off jeans. When she bent a certain way the bottom of a cheek would blossom. The rough cut around her crotch flowered out with loose threads promising to show even more of her luscious body. 

 Lara noticed them ogling her body but dismissed it from her mind trying to concentrate on preparing their midnight snack. Another skill she wished she had picked up from Beth. Something she hadn't noticed was the cotton thread unravelling at the crotch of the old jeans. The lads had noticed and were nudging each other adding to the silent communication with smirks. 

 She shoved cutlery onto the middle of the table then plates of hot food in front of them. She sat down to ravenously eat. They picked at their food but finished it. 

 "Thanks Lara. That was great." Timmy said. 

 "Yeah! That was good." Bobby agreed. 

 Lara was enjoying the attention wanting to laugh at their eagerness to please. It was such a contrast from their lethargy and indifference of before. The washing up had been cleared away while she sat watching them. They looked cute. She wondered if she had stirred them into taking more interest in girlfriends. 

 She knew she was teasing them but they were obviously computer geeks, inexperienced in the ways of the world. She felt sorry for them. There was a whole world out there waiting for them to make mistakes. 

 "Thanks. You did a good job, both of you." She said, taking on the role of teacher once more. 

 "I guess I'll have to learn to cook if anything happens to mom." Timmy said. 

 The sad look on his face struck a blow of sympathy. She reached forward and wrapped her arms around him. "She'll be OK. I know she will. I'll be here until she gets back. Don't you worry." She said, trying to console him. 

 She kissed him on the cheek only he turned to face her. Their lips held for a moment. Her soft open mouth gave way to his dry hard lips. Instead of embracing him he was now holding her tight and she wasn't resisting. They pulled away embarrassed, not knowing what to say. 

 "I'm turning in. It's been a long day." She said quietly. 

 They followed her up the stairs more excited than ever. They watched her bottom wiggle with each step. The cleft of her backside tightly clutched by the thin fabric. The cheeks were spilling out with each step climbed. In awe they watched her lips puffed out around the crotch of the tight jeans where it had unravelled. 

 They said their goodnights and retired. 

 She peeled off the jean shorts, flicked off the scarf and sat on the edge of the bed. Aware of her arousal she passed it off as over tiredness and the inadvertent nakedness before those young men. She should have been humiliated being naked before strangers only she merely felt silly. 

 For a few moments she wondered why she had become so excited at these young men becoming so interested in her. She realised it had encouraged her to flirt a little even showing off her body to them. It wasn't just so they would pay attention and get them to behave there was just no excuse. She looked across at the skimpy shorts and noticed how much the crotch had unravelled. She groaned. I really do need to get my clothes back. 

 Flashes of lightening light the bedroom. Thunder rolled across the hills and woke Lara from a fitful sleep. She wondered where she was until a momentary flash revealed the bedroom. Struggling to rise she found her hand was caught in the old-fashioned iron bedstead. Reaching up and struggling with it caught the other bracelet too. In panic she wrenched with both arms attempting to pull her hands free. 

 The thunder and lightening became almost one, the storm was close. The curtain flew inward pattering her body with raindrops. She was cold and frightened. "Timmy. Help." She shouted. While struggling the sheet slid off the bed and she changed her mind about wanting help. She tried to relax and attempt freeing herself again less frantically. 

 The door opened and Timmy with Bobby in tow stepped in. On seeing them silhouetted in the doorway she shouted. "Free my hands. I'm stuck." 

 Timmy bent over her taking a closer look at her. She pulled her legs together annoyed at his attention. "My hands are stuck in the bed head. It must be those old bangles I put on." She explained trying to hurry him up. 

 She looked away from him to see Bobby on the other side of the bed. He leant forward kneeling on its edge. At least now Timmy was concentrating on her wrists. 

 "Lift her up and slide her up the bed." Timmy told his friend. 

 She felt a pair of strong arms delve under her waist. He lifted her arching her back. Like a doll she lolled in his arms. In a moment of temptation Bobby bent his head and kissed a nipple. She ignored it. With head bent back she watched Timmy working on the bracelets. 

 "Ouch! Mind my wrists." She scolded him. 

 This time Bobby sucked as much of her breast into his mouth as he could and held onto it. 

 "What are you doing?" She asked needlessly. "Stop it!" 

 Timmy stopped working and looked at her in the gloom and only then noticed his friend sucking hard on her breast. Caught up in the moment he too kissed a nipple then followed the example to suck it into his mouth. 

 A hand went down over her flat stomach finding her thighs clamped together. Bobby lifted her hips and she brought her knees up meaning to force him away from her breasts. Another hand cupped her cheeks with fingertips closing upon her exposed crotch. 

 An automatic reaction led her to unwind attempting to wrestle free of them. Slipping from Bobby's grasp she lay flat upon the bed with Timmy still sucking on a nipple. Bobby's hand was still under her and as he pulled it away he pulled her legs apart. He dropped his head between them and sucked there instead. 

 At last she gave up. Overwhelmed by their onslaught upon her body she let the feelings over take her. She thrust up at his face buried between her legs. Bobby moved round to the foot of the bed without letting go of her pussy. He drove a finger up between his lips and hers, into her. 

 Exploring inexpertly he nevertheless found the right spot from time to time while exploring. She let out a primal grunt every time he came across her bud. With a finger still exploring he crouched on the end of the bed then moved forward. With difficulty he manoeuvred over her and let lose his cock. 

 Finding her he thrust in without restraint. She hardly noticed him coming just the wonderful feeling of fullness had gone. 

 Timmy was knocked off her breast as his friend collapsed onto her. When his friend rolled to the side his inflamed passion pulled him toward her outstretched legs. He scrambled without thinking between them. When he found her she thrust up with her hips to meet him. 

 With a few strokes he came bringing her so close she cried out in frustration a guttural whine. She sprawled supine surfing upon inner feelings wanting more unable to do anything about it. She rubbed her thighs together in maddened frustration. 

 Timmy had barely risen from the moment of madness when he rolled over onto her again. This time he found her quickly and strode in confidently. With a piston like rhythm he pushed with his strong legs. She lifted her hips in time with his forceful thrusts revelling in the feeling of a fullness deep inside. 

 She came in a body wrenching orgasm. She wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled hard with her heels. It had hardly subsided when her legs fell back spread across the bed. 

 Timmy had watched from close by her side her face contort in pleasure. He wanted her to do that for him. He slid on top and slowly rose up and down with his feet pushing hard and deep. He watched her face grimacing as though in pain yet instinctively knew it was pleasure. 

 The echoes of the orgasm were still rumbling across her body like the distant storm. On feeling him enter her body the intensity grew instantly. The feelings of need overpowered her once more. This time she was aware of every movement. He was filling her body with his cock thrusting into her with long hard strokes. 

 She couldn't move. Her body was being shaken by every deep plunge of his solid manhood. She lie helpless to resist being shafted relentlessly. Slowly her legs, so very distant from her mind, began to shake. Her mind told her it was wrong, that she shouldn't be doing this, but her body crawled to orgasm. 

 Slowly, ripples of pleasure swept up from her thighs through her tummy to her breasts. They glowed, the nipples seeming to burn. Her neck flexed back with her mouth wide for a silent scream. 

 The sun shone bright through the bedroom window waking her. She remembered the storm that had raged through her body. If she had any doubts to its reality the damp sheet couldn't be denied. 

 "Oh! No!" She cried. 'How could I let that happen. With my cousin and a stranger. Those two young lads.' She thought in despair. 'The sheets soaked. It feels like a gallon.' She reflected. "Damn!" She exhaled. 'I'm not on the pill!' "Damn it." She swore loudly. 

 The two friends walked in. "Good morning!" They chorused cheerfully. 

 She wrapped her body in her arms. "It's certainly not. What you did isn't a game. It was wrong." She hesitated not knowing what to day. 

 "You seemed to enjoy it last night." Timmy suggested, not feeling so sure of what to expect. 

 "Well now its next day and consequences have to be faced. I need a shower and some clothes. You two find something for me to wear. Fixing that washer would be a start. Whatever. Just get me some damn clothes." She shouted. 

 After a long soak in the bath she still hadn't decided how to handle the situation. It couldn't be ignored. No one need know what happened. 

 Back in her bedroom she waited pensively for them to come up with something. 

 "The washer won't open. When is your luggage supposed to be delivered?" 

 "I don't know. I can't run around like this until it does." She said. "I'll try something of yours. In the meantime stop looking at me like that." 

 "Here. This t-shirt is my favourite." Timmy said. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Babysitting Ch. 01 ****** byStoryTeller07© She pulled it over her head no longer caring they watched every movement. It all seemed to be a joke to them. They were going to have to be made aware how serious it was. 

 "So what else?" She demanded. 

 "That looks fine to me." Bobby said. 

 "Yea. That's all you get if you're going to be like that." 

 The shirt covered her top half prominently showing off the swell of her breasts. 

 "Don't you have a pair of jeans I could wear? Even a pair of shorts will be better than nothing." 

 "I think you could at least ask nicely." Timmy said, with Bobby agreeing. They chuckled at the idea of making her squirm. 

 "I like the look of that pretty arse. It would be a shame to cover it up." Bobby told her. 

 She couldn't bring herself to remind them of the realities of what had happened. She could become pregnant, what them? She instead told them. "This is serious. Don't joke around. I'm a woman and your just young lads. We have got to behave like, well.... No more fooling around." She tailed off with the feelings of shame beginning to overwhelm her. 

 Bobby was too close and she meant to shove him away only he caught her hand. She pulled away and fell. He hauled her up and held onto her wrists. 

 "Let go you bastard. You shit!" She ranted. 

 When he let go she pulled back an arm to swing a fist at him. Timmy took hold of her shoulders and shook her until she dropped her arms, calming down with dry sobs. He held onto her a moment then wrapped his arms around her, holding her tight. 

 Timmy said nothing. Bobby told her. "You're the one who should behave. It's not our fault you've no clothes. You've been wondering around half naked since you got here. You're trying to order Timmy around like you own the place. It's you who aught to behave." 

 Feeling ashamed and guilty she said. "I'm sorry. It's your home, I know. This is awful. What can I do? " 

 Timmy shrugged. 

 "Make breakfast. That will be a good start." Bobby suggested. 

 "OK. I can do that. What about something to wear? Please." 

 "After breakfast. I'll get you something then." Timmy told her firmly. 

 In the kitchen she felt embarrassed walking around in such a familiar place half undressed. The apron protected her from coking spills but it left her bottom bare. She felt so ashamed at how she had behaved with these two young lads. It was all her fault for what happened after teasing them so blatantly. 

 She had lost her authority over them so would have to regain it somehow and soon. First she would have to regain her own confidence. Their attentive looks to her body bending and stretching around the kitchen were difficult to ignore. They certainly had the upper hand for the moment. 

 While slopping beans from the pan onto Bobby's plate he goosed her. It brought her back from the reverie with a start and she dropped the hot pan into his lap. She giggled more from awkwardness than glee at some small revenge. 

 "He jumped up spilling the beans onto the floor. That's no way to get back at us." He exclaimed, thinking she had done it on purpose. When Timmy laughed he looked at her with greater anger in his eyes. She just stood there with a smile of nervous embarrassment on her face. He sat down heavily and pulled her over his knee. 

 She felt his hand on her bare bottom and squealed. She didn't feel the sting until standing once more before him. Now she felt like an errant schoolgirl rather than the teacher that arrived only yesterday. 

 Timmy was stunned at the sight of his cousin over Bobby's lap being spanked. He was intrigued on seeing she didn't protest rather she stood there looking stupid. She had been so haughty, acting as though she was a sophisticated city lady and he was just a country kid. 

 This morning it looked as though she were in daze. She seemed resigned to doing as she was told letting them make the decisions. He felt sorry for her and wanted to tell Bobby to leave her alone but he too always deferred to him although he was just three months older. 

 "Sorry. I'll clean it up." She murmured, while bustling about with a dustpan and brush then a cloth. Lora was in a fluster unable to fathom how she felt. Not understanding why she hadn't fought back but gave in to him so easily. 

 While under the table scraping up beans she was deep in thought oblivious to their conversation. "You remember that film Vacation in Thailand? It gives me an idea." Bobby said with leer. 

 Timmy looked at his friend, mouth open in disbelief at what he was suggesting. Yet he was excited by her state of undress and thoughts of last night and a thrill swept through him. He was excited enough not to voice a protest and to go along with the suggestion. 

 "Hey. Aren't you finished yet?" He asked. 

 "Sorry." She murmured. She looked up from under the table at his grinning face. 

 

 "Come here." He told her. 

 She crawled forward not thinking of anything but finishing breakfast and getting dressed. In one easy movement he pulled his cock from his shorts where it bobbed in her face. She froze unable to think straight. 

 Bobby pulled her jaw open and manoeuvred his cock into her mouth. Gently he pushed into the passive mouth. 

 Her eyes were shut tight as he took her refusing to acknowledge what was happening. On feeling it quiver she came round afraid of him coming into her mouth. Her head hit the underside of the table; there was no escape. He was shooting into her mouth strings of sperm, which she hurriedly swallowed. 

 He swung her round and shoved her bottom with a bare foot. She crawled to the other end of the table now fully aware of the dreadful task ahead. On hands and knees she looked into the eye of his penis hesitating for a moment. With a sigh she sucked him into her mouth. 

 This time she did all the work. When he spurted into her mouth she was ready and sucked at it swallowing fiercely not wanting to gag and wanting it to be over quickly. 

 She was angry at getting into such a shameful state; angry at herself. There was a dark side she had never ever suspected for she had somehow enjoyed this awful abuse. It was obvious if she didn't find the strength to stop them they would continue to mistreat her in ever more shameful acts. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Babysitting Ch. 02 ****** byStoryTeller07© Lara decided to leave Aunt Beth's house. It was no good staying there after what happened last night even though it would let her aunt down. She felt so degraded it would be impossible to recover while living in the same house as those two bullies. 

 She was feeling so low after being violated last night the resolve to wrest back authority over them had crumbled to nothing. She felt numb unable regain her composure with all her usual confidence lost. 

 It didn't help that she was wrestling with the unfamiliar thought that somehow she enjoyed being submissive. No! It couldn't be called an enjoyment; it was a dark something inside that they had inadvertently connected with and it was draining her ability to resist. 

 That morning had started badly when they unexpectedly took advantage of her passive mood. After rinsing her mouth out repeatedly she still imagined tasting their sperm, still smelling it in her nostrils. 

 Bobby was encouraging Timmy to treat her like an errant schoolgirl where she should have been the one supervising them. These two eighteen-year-old lads had little experience compared to her, a twenty-seven year old teacher, yet they had her accepting their demands. 

 Their continuous assault kept her feeling pitifully weak and they were taking full advantage. She would have to leave and escape this nightmare. 

 She searched her room but everything was missing. Her passport, money and credit cards had gone. They had obviously taken and hidden them and in that large old rambling house they could be anywhere. She wouldn't be able to pay for a cab or find somewhere to stay without them. 

 It dawned upon her that she didn't even have clothes to escape in. She felt like a complete idiot. It would take some planning but it could be done. Making a plan would help regain her strength and sanity. 

 "Timmy, may I phone the airport. I need to find out if they have found my luggage." Lara asked. They had started making the rules for her rather than the other way round. One of them was not using the phone without permission. Fearful of risking a punishment she checked with him first and tried to keep a respectful tone in her voice. 

 He remained close to the phone listening in. They had found it and would deliver the luggage tomorrow. The news left her feeling so much better she sighed with relief and even managed a smile. 

 They were physically stronger than her so there was no guarantee they would let her keep the case when it arrived. She thought of quickly changing and hitching a ride with the driver. She was even prepared to hitch a ride with the delivery guy wearing just the t-shirt. She could change on the way in his truck. That should gain his co-operation! 

 "We should phone the hospital and see how the operation went. Have you got the number?" She asked him. 

 Timmy's face changed to one of concern. Lara had distracted him so much he had almost forgotten about his mom. "If you can phone for me I'd appreciate it." He told her. 

 After the phone call she had gained some advantage. He had spoken to the nurse who confirmed his mom was recovering. While she had him away from Bobby she decided to work on him. "I can't run around all day in this t-shirt. Could I have something else to wear? Please!" She asked, putting on a subservient voice. 

 "I'll think about it." He said. 

 "I can't find my Id and credit cards. Do you know where they are? Perhaps Bobby took them." She smiled encouragingly. 

 "I agreed with Bobby that you'll have to behave and earn them back." He told her. 

 "I promise to behave honest. Couldn't you just tell me where they are?" She smiled demurely hoping to win him over. It was demeaning to beg for her things but there was no option. 

 "I'll be good. I'll do as you say. Anything you want I'll do, just tell me. Bobby doesn't have to know." 

 Bobby walked in and she broke off trying to split the two of them up and get Timmy to renege on their deal. 

 "So you agree to do whatever we want. Well for a start you can crawl around on the floor. Get down on your hands and knees." Bobby told her. 

 "I want my credit cards back. I'll do as you say if you'll give me back my Id and credit cards. That's the deal." She said, attempting to assert herself. He slapped her face eliciting a pathetic whimper. 

 It wasn't hard but the humiliation of it being from this young man she had felt beneath her was enough. She sank to her knees and started crawling around the room trying to keep from exposing her bare arse. 

 "You don't demand anything. We set the rules remember. As punishment let's hear you bark. Like a good little bitch that you are, let's hear you bark." 

 It was bad enough hurting her knees but their laughter was unbearable. All she could think of was what her students would think if they could see her making such a fool of herself. 

 "Over here bitch." He told her. Obediently she crawled over to him. "No whining or talking just one bark for yes and two for no. Got it?" 

 She barked once. Her head hung low at the indignity of it. 

 "Do you want some clothes?" Bobby asked. 

 She barked once loudly with enthusiasm. 

 "First you need to be punished for your bad behaviour. Do you want to be punished bitch?" 

 She barked once though less enthusiastically this time. 

 "Turn around then." He told her. 

 She knew what was coming but dare not refuse. She looked up at Timmy with an imploring look hoping he might save her. She was agonizingly aware of Bobby behind her looking at her bare arse where the t-shirt had ridden up around her waist. 

 "Are you sure you want to be punished?" He asked. 

 She woofed once feeling so pathetic she only just suppressed the urge to get up and run to hide in the bedroom. His hand slapped each cheek once. 

 "Now crawl over to Tim for him to punish you." 

 She managed to endure another spanking for the sake of regaining clothes and some dignity. 

 "You can stand up now. What do you say to us for correcting you?" 

 With little prompting she found the right words. "Thank you Timmy for spanking me. Thank you Bobby for spanking me." Looking down at the floor she hid her face in long auburn hair. She blinked away the hot tears welling up in her eyes from the utter shame she felt. 

 "I'll bring up the trunk I found in the basement. There's bound to be something in there for you to wear." Bobby said. 

 Timmy pulled out clothes that obviously wouldn't fit until he came to a skirt and top. "Here try this on." He said trying to encourage her. 

 She had to strip off the t-shirt to stand naked trying to protect her body from their lascivious stares with her arms. Timmy just sat there mesmerised by the sight of a beautiful naked woman. She almost snatched the skirt and top from his hands. 

 "OK! Walk around while we decide." 

 She wanted to refuse the outfit but it was better than nothing. The tiny little girly flared skirt covered her thighs but not much more. As she paraded around the room it bounced up revealing the still red burning cheeks. The top held her breasts in a tight cleavage. 

 "We'll keep that as a possible. What's next Tim?" 

 She pulled on a dancer's tutu. It flared outward just below her hips and was told not to hold it down. 

 "You'll need to wear something under that." Timmy told her. 

 She pulled on a pair of white stretch leggings. They were much too small. She could feel them gripping tight at the crotch and between the cheeks of her bottom. She could feel how snug it fit between the lips of her pussy pulling them apart almost cutting her in two. 

 Having to strip off yet again while they watched intently was less embarrassing as she became used to it. She felt like a school girl being fitted out for the new term. 

 When they commented on the lips of her pussy swelling in the stretch leggings her growing excitement was no longer a secret. She wondered if it would be better to just go even without money or Id. 

 Back in the first skirt and top she stood patiently while they pulled out pairs of panties. The largest pair looked as though it wouldn't even fit over one leg. She managed to squeeze into them. 

 "Lift that skirt so we can decide if those panties are right. No that's no- good. You'll have to shave." Timmy told her. The two young men laughed at her looking so pathetic. Her eyes widened like saucers and her mouth flapped without a sound passing her lips. 

 She had to run naked upstairs to the bathroom and search for a shaving kit. It was infuriating having to co-operate in her own humiliation like this but she desperately needed those clothes if she was to escape. 

 The thought of hitching a ride from a stranger dressed like a schoolgirl tart was only just less daunting than this ordeal. What would a man think of her dressed in such a lascivious outfit? She would certainly have plenty of offers of help. 

 Back downstairs in the lounge she pulled a towel under her hips laying back on the floor with legs spread wide. "Open up now. Wider! Now keep still, don't fidget." Bobby told her. 

 She closed her eyes tight shut needing to distance herself from the ordeal. 'How can I let them do this to me?' She wondered in dismay. The thought of such degradation had been bad enough but lying on the floor naked with legs spread wide was torture. 

 Lathering her with a brush tickled so much she wanted to squirm but dare not move. When Bobby took a hold of one lip she began to break down. The feel of the razor was so erotic it sent her on the way toward an orgasm. 

 Timmy took his turn pinching the other pussy lip and stroked her pubis with the razor. 

 "You are so wet bitch. You're enjoying this far too much." Bobby told her. 

 She felt their fingers over a smooth pussy completely hairless. That wasn't the most embarrassing part though. It was being told how excited she was. They could see everything with her legs stretched out wide and her lips opening up. They should have been telling her 'Yes miss, no miss.' Not examining her excited vagina. 

 They shouldn't have been telling her what to do and most damning of all she shouldn't have been excited by it. These young men shouldn't be looking at her down there. She didn't want this, not this wicked display; she couldn't bear it. Tears formed in her eyes but she blinked them away not wanting them to see this display of emotion. 

 "Now that looks better. You can't put those panties back just yet they'll just get dirty. You need to do something about the state your in." Bobby told her with a snigger. 

 She had no idea what he meant and didn't want to know. She switched off from where she was and what was happening. He took her hand and rubbed her fingers over her clit. 

 "Make yourself cum and you'll get those panties." He told her. 

 In disbelief she felt her own fingers rub her clit with enthusiasm. In a moment she would have curled up in a ball hiding her shame but they held her down, one at each ankle. 

 She continued to play with herself and it wasn't long before an orgasm rippled through her body. A small quiet relief overcame her. It was over almost before it started. 

 "If you have finished with it its out turn to make use of that hole Miss Catallina." Bobby told her. 

 She lay supine not moving just waiting. She heard Bobby unzip his trousers and she watched as though it were so far away it couldn't reach her. With his body weight pressing her down into the carpet she tried to breathe deeply. Lara felt his hard cock enter her, no time wasted, he just took her. 

 He soon came and sat back on his haunches between her legs looking at her. "Excuse me miss. Miss Catallina? Can I ask you something?" He asked, imitating what he thought was one of her rich student's accents. 

 "Yes, you can Bobby." She croaked. 

 "Could my friend Timmy use your nice little hole Miss. It's a bit messy but he won't mind. You seem to have finished with it. So, please Miss, may my friend fuck you Miss?" He asked in such a polite tone it just added to the unreality of it all. 

 He had found out she was a teacher and was unpleasantly mocking her. At eighteen these young men were just out of high school and were only too familiar with how to speak to a teacher like respectful students. 

 She was being abused and mocked and was horrified to feel how turned on by it she was. "Yes Bobby." She breathed out in a long sigh. 

 "You had better ask him nicely Miss." When she tightened her eyes shutting him out, he told her. "Just do it or you won't get clothes just a punishment instead." 

 "Please Timmy. Come over here and fuck my pussy, please." She quietly said. The words were awful but the realisation she meant it was devastating to her morale. 

 Timmy crawled across the floor looking worried not wanting to hurt her but his cock was on fire. He attentively handed his cock to her lips presenting it to them rather than roughly thrusting in as his friend had. 

 It was a surprise to both of them when she raised her hips off the floor to engulf his hardness. She seemed to absorb it into her body sucking it in hungrily. 

 He instinctively matched her rhythm. Without skill he followed her example matching her hard thrusts. He took some time to cum and as she felt his muscles tense she too completed her appalling urge. 

 This time she cried out with a frightful moan. Her muscles hardened throughout her body with her back off the floor, neck stretched back and mouth wide open. The sound that she emitted was a long low gargled wail. 

 Both young men looked at her and each other in dismay. Bobby wanted to say something derogatory but his mouth wouldn't work. Both friends were impressed. 

 During the rest of that day they took her as soon as their cock's recovered. They made it a competition to see who could fuck her the most. Lara had given up resisting she merely took them and gave as good as she got. 

 Each orgasm was a slow or urgent journey depending on who was inside her. She gave up caring and let herself go, enjoying their youthful exuberance and stamina. 

 No thought was given to tomorrow or what the future would bring. She lived for the moment. 

 *** 

 Next morning the delivery guy from town delivered a suitcase and a package for Bobby. Lara had been in bed and was dreadfully disappointed not to have at least been present even if there hadn't been a real chance of escaping. 

 Plans of escape seemed to evaporate as the hours passed replaced by a deeper acceptance of a humble existence as their plaything. The constant humiliation had ground her down. 

 Making breakfast for them dressed in the little skirt and top was almost a pleasure for she was at last wearing clothes. The panties rode up between freshly shaven lips gripping them tight which she felt with every step. 

 It was a shameful reminder that she had shaved herself this morning as instructed. How low could she get, obeying such a demeaning command. She kept quiet not wanting to say the wrong thing and earn yet another unseemly punishment. 

 "We'll have to go to town to get food and other stuff." Timmy said. 

 "We can't leave her here by herself." Bobby pointed out. 

 She listened intently knowing neither of them trusted the other for different reasons. Bobby didn't trust Timmy in case he let her go and Timmy didn't trust Bobby in case he went too far with her. It had already gone way too far but at least Timmy had restrained Bobby's aggression a little. 

 "We could tie her to the bed and leave her here." Timmy suggested. A neat compromise and though Lara didn't like the sound of it at least she would have a rest from the rampant pair. 

 "By the way what was in the package?" Timmy asked. 

 Bobby took a sip of coffee and smiled. "Some stuff I ordered on the internet. You'll see soon enough, when we get back from town." 

 Lara calmly climbed the stairs ahead of them as usual giving a clear view between her legs. Although used to it now her mind was on other things. Neither of them were good with a knot so there was at last a distinct chance of escape, if they were away long enough. 

 *** 

 On the front porch Bobby stopped. "Damn! I need a shit. It must have been that breakfast. Are you ok Tim? You get the car out of the barn and try to tune that old radio into some decent music. I'll be right out." 

 He ran upstairs to where Lara's hands were tied to the iron bed head. She watched him in trepidation delving under the bed to retrieve a package. He rummaged around and threw out something onto the bed. 

 "What are you doing? Does Timmy know?" She quailed. She heard her uncles old car try to start. Timmy had kept the seventies Cadillac in good condition despite it being hardly used since he had died. 

 She looked down the length of her body scared of what he might be doing between her legs. As commanded she lay still until something was thrust into her vagina. "Oh! What are you doing to me? Stop it please." She begged. 

 His hand slid between the cheeks of her ass slippery with grease. Feeling a finger pressing at her tight little brown hole she froze. At first she clamped it tight against the unwanted invasion of her virgin ass but from recent experience realised it was no use. 

 Bobby would have his way with her so better to make it easier on herself. She tried to relax taking deep breaths. It seemed to all at once pop in through her opening and burrow its way up inside her. 

 It was a new and unpleasant feeling. It was a disgusting thought that this young lad had taken her last shred of dignity. Without a word of warning or thought to her feelings he had just thrust his finger into her. 

 When he stood up looking pleased with his handy work she looked at his fingers in puzzlement. She was still full of something in both holes. It was another demeaning attitude they had brought upon her, to think of her body as their pleasure holes like some lurid plastic doll. 

 He leant over her while she stretched her neck up looking at what he was about. Letting out a little groan she saw he was handcuffing her wrists to the bed- head. So, no chance of wriggling out of the untidy knots then. 

 Urgent concern for what he was doing made her eyes follow his every move. She watched him tap on a console with a puzzled frown creasing her face. She felt a stirring between her legs demanding full attention. 

 A gentle buzzing vibration in both holes changed her expression to one of unpleasant realisation. "Shit! What have you put inside me?" 

 "Something to keep you occupied while we are away Miss. Just lie back and enjoy. We will be back soon or maybe not. Bye!" He said with a little wave of his hand and a cruel laugh. 

 It felt like a bee was up her arse gently buzzing then another deep inside her pussy started up. "Whoa!" Lara lifted her hips on feeling a slight wriggle inside her bottom. The movement revealed too plainly how deep it had penetrated her once virgin ass. 

 The vibrator in her pussy began to wriggle as though it were exploring her most private place. It was big and pressed upon the walls of her vagina so that every movement was stimulating every inch of her once private place. 

 Feeling both vibrators squeeze together was an unusual experience not altogether unpleasant. She tried to dismiss the idea only the sensations increased driving her emotions along a familiar road. If it didn't stop soon she would cum. 

 The lone bee became a hive of activity. They squirmed and wriggled and vibrated deep inside her. Unable to resist, her whole body took on the increased rhythm. She lifted her hips and squeezed her thighs then dropped down on to the bed to once again move under its insistent influence. 

 "Ahhh!" She emitted a long wail as a probe pulsed at her clitoris. It pushed her over the edge for a deep orgasm. The orgasm lasted a glorious time spreading tendrils of heat throughout her body. Her toes curled and her nipples throbbed. As she began to calm the constant rhythm kept her on the edge. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Babysitting Ch. 02 ****** byStoryTeller07© It wouldn't let her go! 

 The vibrators subsided after what seemed an age of blissful torture. In relief her body flopped like a rag doll into the soft bed, sated. 

 After awhile she began to tense inner muscles attempting to expel the damn torture instruments from her body. Still weak she managed to lift her head to see straps around her waist holding the contraption in place. 

 At least the ordeal was over and she had survived. With a nervous giggle she realised this had been the most torrid orgasm ever experienced. No man had brought such pleasure to so deep a place for so long. She wondered where she might buy one of these things then dismissed the naughty idea. 

 The two young lads had used her so many times yesterday it was as though she had become trained to accept sex on demand. The orgasms had been nowhere near as intense as this but her body had grown accustomed to being stimulated. 

 It was a disconcerting thought that it might be more than that. As soon as they started humiliating her she had become ready. How had this happened? Was it a form of protection from punishment or had her body become more licentious. She shivered in fear at the idea they were turning her into a nymphomaniac. 

 A buzz sounded beside the bed and she looked across at the console where a red light flashed for a moment then a green one flashed. The familiar gentle buzzing vibration started up. 

 "Bloody hell! What has he done to me?" She moaned. 'I'll never be the same again after this.' She thought. She had no choice but give in to the devil machine. She lost count of time and the number of orgasms induced by the infernal device having given her self over to it. 

 Her mind no longer functioned independently rather her body fed stimulants to a feral part of her brain bypassing conscious thought. She had given in to it completely. 

 *** 

 "Don't you think we should get back?" Timmy said. The shopping had been done and they were sitting outside a coffee shop enjoying the sun, watching passers by. 

 Using Lara's credit cards they had plenty of cash for once and had bought clothes and expensive sunglasses. 

 "No hurry. Drink your coffee and watch the women go by. We don't need them now we have our very own sex machine." 

 Timmy didn't like the term or his friend's attitude. "What if someone comes around snooping and finds her." He whispered. "We will be in deep shit then." He tried encouraging him to get back. Timmy was concerned for her wondering if she was alright tied to the bed. 

 She would be thirsty, hungry and at least bored left alone like that. Then he considered how she had seemed glad to have a rest from them both. 

 She would need a rest after yesterday's frantic action. He wasn't proud of what he had done to her but just couldn't help himself. His friend had called it a sex pentathlon and they had spurred each other on. 

 Maybe he should encourage Bobby to give her more time to unwind alone. He relaxed and sat back enjoying the rays. At least right now she wasn't being pestered for sex all the time. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Babysitting Ch. 03 ****** byStoryTeller07© Bobby ran upstairs to see how Lara was surviving while Timmy parked the car in the garage. She was a mess of sweat and between her legs was the sticky goo of her own cum. He undid the straps and eased out the vibrators while she was still in a bewildered state unaware of what was going on around her. 

 He hesitated for a moment wondering if the little metal clicker in his hand would work. 

 A machine tucked under the bed had triggered the vibrator in her pussy and dildo up her ass for the past six hours. An electronic click would herald the start of an irresistible pulsing designed to bring her to an orgasm every fifteen minutes. It was no wonder she was in such a mess. 

 He clicked the little toy in his hand once and watched for a reaction. She moaned opening both eyes wide with a wild look in them not seeing just staring. Her hips lifted off the bed and her breathing changed to little short panting gasps in time with the thrusting of her hips. It wasn't long before she began to orgasm, a little mewling noise and then it was all over. 

 Bobby scooped her off the bed carrying the inert form to the bathroom where he ran a bath. She came to enough not to drown so he left her to ease an aching body. 

 "She's having a soak in the bath so we should leave her to rest for awhile." Bobby told his friend. 

 Timmy was pleased he was at last concerned enough to look after her like that. He hesitated at the bottom of the stairs wondering if he should check to see if she was alright. Bobby was right, a good soak in the tub would do her good and a rest from them wouldn't go amiss either. 

 "She probably enjoyed the rest from us two." Timmy grinned at his friend. Bobby grinned back though his turned into a devious laugh. 

 "If you make something to eat I'll check on her." Bobby said. After awhile he came back down and collected the sandwiches and milk. "She's going to have an early night is that Ok with you?" He asked. 

 Timmy shrugged and bobby took the tray up to her room. "Here eat this." He fed Lara and held a glass of milk up to her lips. She had recovered a little and just wanted to sleep. He set the timer on the panel of the machine under the bed and quietly left. With the door held ajar he listened to the snoring from a deep sleep. 

 The two friends chatted and watched a movie just chilling out. Timmy was pleased thinking his friend was feeling guilty over the way they had treated his cousin. She was a beautiful woman and it had been so tempting to seduce her and take advantage but what they had done was wrong and it bothered Timmy. He shouldn't have gone along with it all. Now at last Bobby was eagerly looking after her rather than stripping and abusing her. 

 Bobby went upstairs to check if she was alright and caught her in the act of humping the air above her hips. The vibrator had been removed as well as the straps and she seemed to be doing it in her sleep. When the orgasm hit she relaxed lying back with a small smile of satisfaction on her face. 

 He whispered her name to confirm it had all happened while she was in a deep slumber. For the rest of the night the machine would click away every fifteen minutes and she would react by humping an imaginary phallus. Bobby checked it would switch off before six then quietly closed the door behind him. 

 "Is she OK?" Timmy whispered. 

 Bobby jumped. "Yea she's sound asleep. I covered her up in case she gets cold." He lied. 

 *** 

 Bobby slipped out of the bedroom just after sunrise. He was looking forward to showing off his new pet to Timmy. Quietly making breakfast he took the first tray up to Lara. He peeked in to make sure the machine had switched off then closed the door. He knocked and waited for an answer. 

 "Here, I thought you would like some breakfast. Did you have a good night sleep?" He smiled. 

 Looking at this tormentor she felt suspicious and drew the sheet close under her chin. She sat up and leaned against the bed head for him to rest the tray in her lap. She looked at it as though it might bite her. 

 "We brought fresh supplied in town. Bacon, tomatoes, eggs how you like them, over easy." He said. 

 Thinking maybe Timmy had at last talked him round she took a hesitant fork to the food. "Its good, thanks." She said round a mouthful. The orange juice was freshly squeezed and the coffee was badly needed. 

 "I slept well. Thanks." She said while tucking in with more enthusiasm. 

 "Would you like some more coffee?" He asked. 

 "Yea, yes please. I'm so very thirsty I could drink a pot." She smiled. The movement seemed almost unfamiliar after just a couple of days not smiling. 

 "I'll bring Timmy's breakfast and more coffee for you." He said and left. 

 Lara smelled each of the items on the tray, especially the coffee. "Well, it seems OK. I don't suppose they would want to poison me anyway." She shook her head feeling foolish. 

 *** 

 Lara walked into the lounge after a supposedly refreshing shower yet feeling worn and apprehensive. The two youths were discussing football with hands enthusiastically describing plays. She stood a moment feeling foolish for she was completely naked and although it was beginning to feel natural it felt also unreal. It was like one of those anxiety dreams when you walk naked around the mall yet no one seems to notice. If she had dreamt the past few days then this would certainly be ridiculous, standing naked in the lounge, and wanted to giggle at the absurdity of it. 

 They had bullied her until she submitted to their rules so she stood there obediently waiting for them to take notice. One of the rules was to stand with legs apart and hands to her sides. When they looked up she felt the need to cover her naked body but had discovered the hard way not to disobey them. 

 "Good morning Lara it is nice to see you, all of you. I see you have completed our orders. Your pussy is freshly shaved." He added on seeing the look of uncertainty. "It's a pity to cover up that beautiful body of yours but I guess you want some clothes." Bobby stated. 

 She wanted to press her thighs together in shame but dare not disobey in case they refused to clothe her. It was dreadful to realise she had shaved down there without a thought just to keep her pussy ready for these two eighteen year olds. It was worse to have discovered humiliation turned her on. 

 The matter of fact attitude of them casually discussing what she would wear left her feeling humble. The feeling of being a woman of the world, a sophisticated city girl, looking down upon these country cousins had been lost completely. She had been forced to accept these young men decided what clothes and if she even wore clothes. 

 "Do you want something to wear?" Bobby asked her. 

 Not wanting to run around naked all day she was ready to say anything but was unsure what to say to please them. "If you want me to dress that would be nice, so, yes please sir." She said, modulating her tone of voice to sound unassuming. 

 "Good girl, you crawl over to Timmy he has something for you." She eagerly scrambled over to him and sat on the floor at his feet pulling on a little white blouse to tie under her breasts. She was careful how she sat not wanting to lose this opportunity to dress so kept her legs spread wide. 

 She stood up and he gave her a suspender belt and stockings which they avidly watched being pulled up her shapely legs to attach them to the dangling suspenders. It gave her a thrill to know they were watching so intently. The feeling brought on a confusion of thoughts. This wasn't right but she quickly dismissed the uncertainty to concentrate on getting dressed so as not to upset them. 

 Pulling up the little tartan skirt at last gave some sense of privacy from their stares though she looked at the panties lying on the sofa with wistful longing as though they were an unopened present. She felt so small having been brought to such a lowly state. They had learnt more quickly than she had about humiliation and the effect it had upon her. 

 "Give us a twirl." Bobby said. "Do you like it Tim." Bobby didn't need to ask for Timmy's face was a picture of wanton lust. His tongue wasn't hanging out but his mouth was open and the eyes were vacant. Bobby had to admit she was more tantalising dressed this way than naked. 

 "We bought the clothes yesterday just for you." He told her, not mentioning it was with her credit card. 

 "Thank you Timmy for my lovely clothes and thank you Bobby, Sir." She said, without having to be asked for she had learnt well not to displease them. She felt foolish having to thank them for dressing her up in such a lewd outfit. It occurred to her none of it was right, to let them treat her like their doll dressing and undressing her, it was wrong. 

 If they had been a year or two younger they could have been in her classroom being under her discipline, instead, she the teacher had been trained to obey these young men. It had been infuriating at first but that had passed until now she sought to obey them to avoid punishment and gain their favour. 

 The little white blouse was tied tight under her breasts but at least it gave some support for they hadn't thought about a bra. All the effort in the gym was paying off for a nice flat tummy was on show. The micro-skirt hardly covered her thighs revealing stocking tops and suspenders as though she were on the way to a Halloween party or more likely a porn film shoot as an extra. 

 "All you have to do now is go upstairs and plat your hair for the transformation from teacher to slutty schoolgirl will be perfect." Bobby goaded her with a grin. 

 At the reminder of lost respectability she blanched white. They had planned this nasty humiliation. What was more disturbing it didn't feel so bad; rather it was unsettling to feel pleasure from their efforts as though she were unworthy. 

 An image came to mind of sitting in class before her pupils dressed as a sexy schoolgirl. Her authority and dignity would be stripped from her as it had been before these young eighteen year old youths. She quickly shook it off. 

 "What about these panties?" Timmy asked. 

 "Better not let the little slut wear panties, she'll only get them dirty." Bobby told his friend. 

 Lara felt so awful knowing what he was hinting at but couldn't help look at the white panties lying on the sofa. She wanted to plead for them but held back not wanting to throw the remaining shred of dignity at their feet to be trampled upon. 

 "Why's that then?" Timmy asked. 

 "She won't last long before she starts playing with her pussy and has an orgasm. She'll soak them before the morning is out." Bobby said with a thoughtful look. 

 Lara pulled her thighs together, despite orders, on hearing those damning words. It wasn't true she was a good girl it was because they chased and teased and ravished her so much she had cum time and time again. If left alone she would be a good girl and wanted to tell them this but it would be too demeaning. 

 "What do you have to say for yourself?" Timmy asked. 

 He was trying to help but the agony of responding to such a question was awful. She was a grown woman so shouldn't be pleading for a pair of panties from these young lads. "I can behave myself sir. I will be a good girl and not play with myself, honest Sir." She said, feeling her face colour a deeper shade of red. It was bad enough to be dressed like this but the years of confidence from teaching had evaporated leaving her sounding like an errant schoolgirl. 

 "Well let's see shall we." Bobby said with a smile upon his face. He had waited for this moment and at last the opportunity had arrived. "She's a natural slut and can't help herself. The slightest stimulation will set her off, it won't take much. You'll soon see she can't be trusted. Get on the floor slut. That's right open those legs, wider, you know what to do. You can time her Jim. If she lasts three minutes she can wear them." He said with a look of satisfaction on his face. 

 Lara was a little wet from exposing herself so blatantly but it was more from their relentless stimulation of her body over the past few days. She had to admit to the unexpected realisation of being turned on by humiliation but she had never been a slut. Before this ordeal she had always conducted herself with decorum so what was he getting at? 

 "You are such a slut you won't be able to resist for long. You need cock and don't care what we think of you." Bobby said with a mocking laugh. 

 Tommy was staring at her body willing her to succeed and Lara was concentrating on lunch or anything but sex, so neither of them noticed the small metallic click. Bobby shoved the clicker back into his pocket to sit back looking smug 

 Lara groaned and raised her hips. Her eyes opened wide on feeling the unconscious movement and bit her lip on feeling her body heating up with lust. Trying not to think of her pussy being filled, of how wonderful that always felt, was proving difficult. Her hips raised themselves off the floor putting on a vulgar show, bucking up and down in a steady rhythm. 

 Her fingers reached out to her vagina holding back until a moan of anguish turned to a guttural roar and she relented to finger fuck her pussy with vigour. She needed to cum so badly everything outside that desire ceased to exist. A hollow little orgasm came and went leaving her flat upon the floor, not spent but mystified. 

 'Oh shit! The bastard is right. I'm a slut. Did they do this to me or did they just release something that's always been there.' She wondered in astonishment. It wasn't a shock for she had somehow half expected this and had worked hard to avoid it. 

 "There you are Tim the little slutty schoolgirl can't help it. It's a waste of time giving you panties you'll soil them every time you cum. What do you have to say for yourself, slut." 

 "I'm sorry Sir. I. I'm a slut and don't deserve panties." She whispered. The dreadful truth couldn't be denied however distasteful it was. They hadn't touched her yet she had needed to feel full down there to have something inside, to cum. It didn't matter who or what just so long as it filled her hole so she could cum. 

 "So now you know what you are, a slut just wanting cock all the time." He said. "I think we should test you again just to make sure. Tim, hold onto her wrists it might help the little slut retain some control." 

 "Thank you, sir." She said to Timmy. The irony of thanking him for holding her down on the lounge carpet with her legs spread was lost in a confusion of thoughts. Lara was adjusting to the sickening idea that she was a slut with no control over her body. 

 "Let's see if you can stand this." He said. Behind his back he held the clicker ready. Brushing the back of his hand across the blouse he rubbed a hard nipple. With the other two lost in their own thoughts they missed the sound. It reached into Lara's unconscious setting off a Pavlov trigger more powerful than a mere hunger for food. 

 The hunger for her pussy to be stuffed overcame her after a little pathetic struggle. She wrenched at Timmy holding her wrists but couldn't reach down to scratch the itch. 

 "Do you want my cock inside you?" Bobby said. 

 "Yes. Yes, I need a cock in me." She breathed out with stuttered words. 

 "Ask nicely teacher or you don't get it." He said harshly. 

 "Please, just do it. Go on fuck me. Please sir, fill me up with your lovely cock." She cried out. 

 Bobby nodded at his friend to let go her wrists at the same time thrust into her. Her legs were spread wide so his crotch ground against hers lifting her hips up off the floor. The deep penetration was a short lived relief. He stopped holding it in place. She lowered her legs to dig heels into the carpet and began heaving at him as though she were a bucking bronco. The soreness from yesterday's abuse from the machine had been replaced by sensitivity to every touch and movement inside. 

 He rode her leaving her to do all the work letting her fuck herself on his cock. It didn't take long before an orgasm overtook her body with a shuddering, gut wrenching series of spasms. She made the journey to Nirvana in complete silence. 

 This time she lay exhausted from a deep fulfilling orgasm. 

 Bobby was impressed but soon recovered to point at her sweat soaked face. His friend didn't need instructions. He eased his hard cock into her mouth and began to gently swing to his own rhythm almost rocking her to sleep. Bobby used the little toy knowing they were both absorbed in their own worlds and wouldn't hear it. 

 She began to sway her hips in search of something as well as actively sucking on the dick in her mouth. Bobby sawed his fingers across her lips then dug in to bring her off as she was doing to Timmy with tongue and lips. The tight blouse sprung open releasing her breasts whereupon Timmy grabbed them moving her to his pace, faster and faster. 

 This time the orgasm was as smooth as silk free form all thought and feelings of guilt. She sucked greedily at his cock pulling the last of the sperm from his balls with the power of a suction pump. Bobby blew upon her hot sex fascinated with its movements of swelling and flexing as blood ebbed and flowed from orgasm to orgasm. 

 He used the clicker again to start her sucking desperately on a now flaccid cock while he finger fucked her. He sought out the tempo she needed almost unable to keep up with aching fingers. This slutty little hole was his and he was going to get to know it so very well. 

 *** 

 Lara was left on the floor to recover while the two friends cleaned up. Bobby carried her up to the bathroom where he soaped and massaged her whole body. Keeping quiet with eyes closed gave her time to think, not needing to be careful of what to say to him. She let him move her around like a doll, able to move but enjoying the soothing attention. She almost giggled on reflecting she had been his glove-puppet earlier with his hand up her vagina, or at least his fingers had worked her like a puppet. 

 It occurred to her that with all this attention she should be climbing the wall with lust but reasoned she must be at last sated. After all the two of them had brought so deep and so many an orgasms' upon her body it was no wonder she had nothing left. 

 His gentle hands over her body were so soothing she almost fell asleep. 

 "Is my little slut asleep?" He asked. 

 "No Sir. I was carried away with your lovely massage. What must I do for you?" She asked politely. 

 "Are you ready for lunch?" He asked with a smile on his face that left it looking so gentle she wanted to reach out and touch it. It was wonderful that he was spending time looking after her for she was just a worthless slut. 

 "I shall fetch it now for you sir." She said. It was as surprise to find so little time had passed when it felt an age since she had awoken this morning. So much had happened to change her thinking it would take time to adjust. For the moment she just accepted what she had become leaving the how to later. 

 Without a thought of clothes she skipped into the kitchen grabbing an apron to quickly start cooking. All three were ravenous and something simple was needed to fill a hungry hole. This time it wasn't her pussy. 

 While they watched television she happily sat at their feet dosing contently like a domestic pet. During breaks they would spoil her taking turns playing with and teasing her body. Lying over their laps on the sofa she would feel two sets of hands massaging every bump and crevice. Each and every time she wanted something inside but didn't need to prompt them for they made sure she had a cock or fingers to bring satisfaction. 

 In turn she used her body to satisfy them not caring they sometimes missed a part of a television program. She was blissfully unaware of anything but what seemed an endless orgasm. 

 More food was needed to sustain the busy hungry three. They worked together in the kitchen clearing and cleaning. Lara threw the new clothes they had bought into the washer with everything else as they had become soiled with her and their sweat and special juices. She now knew what a biological wash was for. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Babysitting Ch. 03 ****** byStoryTeller07© *** 

 "OK its time for bed. You go with Timmy until he is finished with you then join me for a night cap." He smiled then yawned loudly. 

 She knew what Timmy wanted so without hesitation ran her tongue gently and delicately with little fluttering strokes over his cock. After that afternoons heavy schedule he was difficult to raise but she pulled out all the stops like the good little slut she had become. 

 She lay between his legs sucking on his cock waiting to be dismissed until she heard a strong rasping snore. Tiptoeing from his room she made her way to Bobby. She knew what he wanted too. 

 On entering his room she stood quietly waiting while he examined her. "You had better wash up first you have cum over your chin." He told her casually. Glad not to be reprimanded she quickly did as told and returned to present a freshened naked body to him. 

 He patted the bed for her to gleefully pounce onto it like kitten ready to play. "As long as you have plenty of cock you seem to manage OK." He smiled at her. 

 "Thank you, sir. Your slut needs plenty of filling and you do it so well." She smiled back brazenly. 

 He slapped her ass playfully telling her. "You're a naughty slut now get me going it's been a hard day." He laughed at his own joke. 

 She sucked vigorously occasionally grazing his dick with her teeth just as he liked it. 

 "Enough." He sighed. "Now get on top and ride me." He positioned her feet either side of his head so that when she lowered herself onto his hard cock she was stuck there. He smiled at the look of frustration for she couldn't move. In consternation she pushed up wither hands but they sank into the bed and she couldn't lift with her legs while they were out straight. 

 He watched her manoeuvring trying to get a purchase but couldn't rise up its length nor back off with it so far up inside. Besides he had lifted his knees so she couldn't escape. At last she looked at him to see in his face he had her purposely but pleasantly trapped. 

 She giggled at the idea of being stuck on his rigid cock knowing it would be a long time before he would cum and she would be released, especially after today's performance. She would have to sit there on his cock until he had finished with her. 

 The thought of rolling off him sideways hadn't occurred to her as she really did want it. It was up to him now as she could do nothing but let him pleasure his naughty little slut. 

 "So what are you going to do now?" He laughed. As he laughed he clicked the little metal thing and dropped it discreetly onto the floor. He grabbed her breasts squeezing and kneading them watching her working up into a state of near completeness but just missing. 

 She tried to rock and roll on his penis without enough movement to let her cum. He slowly pushed with his feet and hands lifting her whole body, feeling his cock push at her cervix. So deep was he in her body she felt as though it were stretching her. She needed to separate her legs but they were trapped by his arms supporting them both. 

 Needing to cum she wanted him to ream her hole but had to settle for the slow upward movements, a cruel agony of wonderful stimulation. He began to speed up listening to her moans of one word repeated over and over. 'Yes." The word was exhaled every time the upward lift reached deep inside her body. 

 Unable to hold back he speeded up blurring her word and leaving him too senseless to hear it. 

 It took her sometime to recover and he too was very nearly dead to the world. She crawled down the bed to curl up suckling his cock. He watched her for a moment under the covers dreamily sucking him before closing his eyes for morning. 

 *** 

 Awake, Lara opened her mouth letting go of his cock but didn't move. She remained in a ball at his feet in the bottom of the bed thinking. 

 Lara was numb from the idea she would be subject to this brainwashing for the next two weeks until her Aunt returned. What would become of her after so long a time pandering to their sexual needs? She was already programmed for uninhibited sex when ever they wanted it. If this didn't stop soon she was afraid she might not ever recover. Would she spend the rest of her life like this, primed as someone's sex object? 

 The word 'someone' registered an alarm. Did it mean just anyone? If it were just them she would leave and recover. If she had become a slut it might mean spending the rest of her days pandering to any mans whims. Silently she giggled telling herself she had become rather good at it. 

 It worried her that she had stopped fighting or trying to resist them. Whatever they did to her she simply gave in to it. A nasty thought crossed her mind. That first morning she had enjoyed being molested. She had revelled in their vulgar attention even seeking to prolong it. 

 Since then she had lost her dignity to simply become nothing but a willing sex object. It would be wrong to just give in to a life of seeking out a man's pleasure, shaping her self to a man's desire simply to keep him happy. 'I must try and fight this terrible thing they are doing to me before it's too late.' She thought. 

 Bobby stirred and she tried not to get in his way. He lifted the sheet and smiled a sweet sleepy face at her. "Good morning my lovely slut, did you sleep well?" He asked. 

 All the dark thoughts melted away with her face cracking into a delighted smile. "Thank you, Sir, I slept well. What must your little slut do for you master?" She asked. Report_Story 