#1 

 

 ****** Bad Heather ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© =================== 

 Heather has been bad, very bad. Can she turn over a new leaf? 

 This story was written as an entry for the Summer Lovin' Contest. 

 All characters in the story are at least 18 years old. 

 =================== 

 "I just can't stand him!" 

 "Now Heather, he IS your father. Have a little respect. Things are hard for him right now; just try to keep the peace," her mother replied from 1100 miles away. 

 "When are you coming home?" Heather whined. 

 "Not until the end of the month. It's a great job and we need the money right now. And to be brutally honest, young lady, I don't need the added stress." 

 "He won't let me do ANYTHING!" Heather continued. 

 "Then stop screwing up and get in his good graces. I don't have time for this right now honey. Just obey your father, and try to be good for a while..." 

 Heather hung up on her mother, and screamed in frustration as she ran up the stairs to her room, slamming the door behind her. If she expected that to somehow make things better, she was sorely mistaken. 

 Ever since her mother had gotten the contracting job in Manhattan for the entire month of July, life had been miserable. 

 Under the best of circumstances, Heather and her father barely communicated. Her mother was the glue that held the family together, such as it was. 

 Now that her father had been laid off after 22 years at the same job, he was even harder to put up with. 

 Summer was usually a great time. With the parents gone each day she got to sleep in, lie around the pool, hit the mall, gab on the phone, and just do whatever she wanted. 

 Not this year. Within the first week of summer vacation, she'd lost her cell phone privileges when her grades showed up in the mail. It wasn't her fault the science and history teachers didn't like her. And she had managed to pass both courses. By the skin of her teeth. 

 The whole party incident the next week could hardly be blamed on her. She had intended to leave before midnight, as she'd promised, but Derek and Rob had taken her car keys and wouldn't give them back until she joined them in a round of shots. Ok, a few rounds. Fine. And a few games it was probably best her parents never found out about. Figure in another 10 minutes just to find her bra. What? Was she supposed to just leave behind a $40 bra? And it was ridiculous that cops could park outside of a party and try to trap drivers when you're only driving like 4 blocks away! When her father finally picked her up at the police station, that was the end of car privileges for the summer. 

 Of course, if her stupid friends hadn't pushed the patio table into the pool, she wouldn't be stuck at home alone all day, with no visitors allowed. Alright, maybe she shouldn't have dared them, but who would have guessed they would be such idiots to really do it. Or that it would be so damned hard to get the stuff out the next day. Or that they would leave rust stains on the bottom of the pool 

 Damn! This was supposed to be the best summer of her life. She was finally 18, and would be going off to college in September. If she could finally get one to let her in, that is. She'd just die if she had to go to DCCC. Community college was for losers. 

 Heather looked at her svelte form in the mirror. She was 5'4" tall, and weighed exactly 108 lbs that very morning. She had long blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and a body most women would kill for. Jaw dropping 34D breasts, a 22 inch waist, and 32 inch hips turned heads wherever she went. Which was nowhere for the moment. Damn her luck. What a waste. 

 * * * 

 Harold Payne was pacing his office, oblivious to his daughter's tantrum. He had bigger things on his mind. 

 Getting laid off after 21 years wasn't that bad. He had a good pension, and he'd worked a lot of overtime in the previous two years, upping his final wages. He'd gotten a decent severance package on top of that, 2 weeks pay per year of service, and had immediately applied for unemployment. 

 For once in his life, he had the time and the means to do what he wanted to do. He didn't need to look for a new job yet; he could wait until the end of the summer. 

 He'd always wanted to get involved in local politics, and with things the way they were, it was more important to do that now than ever before. He'd been active in the union, and people had always told him he was a convincing speaker. 

 He stopped and admired his physique in the mirror. At 42 years old, he could easily pass for 30. Barely a hint of gray hair, hardly a wrinkle on his face. At 5'6" he was average in height, but his running and yoga kept him lean, and his vegetarian diet kept him healthy. Harold smiled at his reflection. His wife, Janice, had nothing to complain about. 

 No need to rush things, however. He'd worked hard for over 20 years. He deserved a little break. And his new computer was opening all kinds of new vistas to him. A couple of weeks of R&R, especially with his wife off of his back, everyday checking on his job hunt progress. And he had a little 'fund' the wife wasn't even aware of - his vacation and sick pay came in a different check, that she'd never even seen. Sitting in a brand new bank, with a brand new ATM card, and a brand new mailbox that received the bills. 

 Of course the cloud hovering over the whole situation was his irresponsible hellion of a daughter. 

 Decisions, decisions. 

 * * * 

 "Heather?" 

 "What?" her voice let him know this was a horrible time to interrupt her, in the middle of a TIVO'd episode of Sex & the City. 

 "You're not just going to sit around and do nothing all day, every day. With your mother gone, we both have to pick up the slack. I expect you to do the laundry, keep the place generally neat and clean, and do the dishes." 

 "Jesus! Do I have to do everything with Mom gone?" Heather griped. 

 "I'll deal with the shopping, the cooking, the trash, the yard, and house maintenance, and, oh yeah, the bills. Breakfast and lunch, you're on your own, but I'll take care of Dinner. Got it?" 

 "Fine. Whatever." She said, turning away and taking the show off pause. 

 Harold ignored the blatant disrespect, and returned to his study where he carefully unlocked the door, and locked it behind him. 

 Finally. His sanctuary. The one place where he had a little privacy and didn't have to listen to the bitching and moaning. He turned on his computer, entered his password, and opened his browser. Time for a little well earned relaxation. 

 Heather wasn't too worried. Her conniving little mind was already hatching a plan. A bad plan. But she was a bad girl, after all. 

 * * * 

 When her father went out shopping, warning her to get the laundry started if she didn't want to lose some more privileges, she was up from her perch in front of the TV like a sprinter out of the blocks. 

 She ran and dumped an armful of clothes in the washer, and turned it on. There. Now he couldn't complain. 

 Then she headed straight for his 'study'. 

 She giggled to herself as she pulled out her keychain and quickly unlocked his door. When he'd installed the new lock on his office several months ago, she'd taken the packaging out of the trash and headed down to the hardware store. The guy at the key machine was happy to make a key for her, based on the code of the tumbler. 

 She'd be damned if she'd let him keep a locked room in the house without knowing what was going on there. 

 The computer was a different problem. She'd tried guessing at his password but no such luck. A few minutes online with some friends and acquaintances and she had a couple of new approaches lined up. Now was her chance to test them. 

 Expecting to be working at this for a while, she was amazed when the very first suggestion worked. Hitting the 3-finger salute at the login screen popped up a login window. She entered "administrator" as she'd been told, without a password, and - miracle-of-miracles - she was in, with full access! Two minutes later, following the instructions on her cheat sheet, the administrator account had a password, her password, and she had unlimited access. 

 She pulled out the USB flashdrive, with all the software she'd been given for this task, and ran the first two. Just like that his entire Internet browser was backed up to her little device. Another click and she was running her own browser, with all his bookmarks, history, saved passwords, 

 Now to see what the old man was up to.... 

 * * * 

 "OH, GROSS!" she exclaimed, actually turning away from the screen. She'd been able to bring up his browser and visit the sites in his browser history. THAT was an education. 

 She was getting nervous, he wouldn't be gone much longer. She shut down everything, pulled her flashdrive and shut things down. Locking the door behind her, her mind was still reeling with the new found knowledge. 

 There had to be a way to use this. Maybe this wasn't going to be such a bad summer after all... 

 * * * 

 Harold was pleasantly surprised by his daughter's new behavior. She'd accepted her responsibilities, performed her chores without complaint, and was able to converse without obvious condescension. 

 She'd also started taking care of herself again; cleaning up each morning, and wearing nice clothes, not sweats and dirty t-shirts. He wondered what had gotten into her. 

 For the past few days, she'd slowly cleaned up her act. She still could be slow to respond to his questions, and she'd put off her chores until the last minute, but they were getting done. She'd even stopped whining about how bad her life was. 

 The change was so noticeable, he'd even brought it up with his wife on her nightly call. Janice's suggestion had been to give he room and show a little appreciation. He thought he'd give it a try. 

 Over lunch, which they'd eaten together for the first time he could remember, Heather confessed. 

 "I'm sorry, Daddy. I've been thinking about things, about my future, and I've really been messing up. I'm going to try to do better." 

 Harold was slightly taken aback. "You haven't been that bad, nothing we can't recover from. I'll help you in any way I can, you know that." 

 "I know. Lynn's been telling me that I'm spoiled rotten. She'd never get away with the stuff I've done. Last time she got home past her curfew, she could barely sit the next day." 

 Harold found his palms itching. Lynn? Barely sit? Jesus. That's a dream come true. 

 "I've always thought she was the best of your friends, Heather." What he really thought about the little waif was not something he'd willingly share. 

 Heather got up and cleared the table, then returned and stood beside her father, leaning back against the table. 

 "Daddy? Do you think that something like that might help me?" She asked quietly, her head bowed. 

 "Like what?" Harold asked. 

 "Punishing me when I'm bad. Not just take things away, but... you know, like Lynn." 

 "I'm not sure I do. How is Lynn punished?" He asked, intentionally obtuse. 

 "She gets spanked." 

 "Oh." Harold was lost for words. Could this be for real? 

 They were both quiet. Several seconds of utter silence. 

 "Do you think that might help? I really do want to do better." She asked, pushing. 

 "I...I guess it might. I mean, immediate feedback is always good. And that way the punishment is over with and you can go ahead with trying to do better." 

 Heather leaned down and hugged her father tightly. "Thank you, Daddy. I hope I'll never need it, but I'm so glad you're willing to help me. Thank you." 

 Harold could barely think straight. The image of his daughter bent over his lap, lifting her skirt and spanking her firm ass was burning in his brain. 

 Heather walked away with a smile and a sway in her step. "There," she thought, "that was easier than I'd expected." 

 * * * 

 The next day, she maintained the good girl routine, and after dinner, Harold thought she deserved a reward. While she loaded the dishwasher, he retired to the family room, and waited for her. When she appeared in the doorway he broke the good news. 

 "You know, Heather, I'm proud of you. Really. I don't say it very often but I am. And I think we can return some of your privileges. You can have your phone back, and you can have a friend over." 

 She ran to him, and climbed into his lap, something she hadn't done in years. "Oh! Thank you Daddy. I'll try to keep you proud of me." She hugged him, and wiggled in his lap. 

 "Now don't get carried away. You're not off the hook yet." He explained, shifting a little, feeling an uncomfortable stirring. "None of those boys are welcome over yet. You can have one of your girl friends visit, but you have to let me know." 

 "Thank you, thank you!" she gushed and gave him a big kiss on the cheek. She slowly crawled off of his lap. "I'm glad you believe in me." 

 She disappeared into her bedroom, and Harold thought some time spent in the study would be really good right now. 

 He shut things down before 10:00pm, thoroughly relaxed. He expected Janice to call soon, and check in. Her nightly calls were like clockwork, usually just for a couple of minutes. He wanted to update her on Heather's new behavior. 

 Janice's call was on time, as always, and they shared a short chat before he let Heather say hi. He told his wife that things were going well, and Heather was still behaving. He explained he'd returned her cell-phone to her. 

 "Are you sure that's a good idea?" Janice asked. 

 "No, but really she's been so well behaved, I think she's earned it." 

 "That's a pleasant surprise. I'm glad you're getting along." She didn't add the words 'for once', although she thought them. 

 When the call was over, Heather stood in front of him, looking awkward. She was dressed in her nightshirt, and kept shifting from one bare foot to the other. 

 "What's up, baby?" Harold asked. He looked her over, happy with her new look. She used to walk around with a tight t-shirt and panties, which seemed so sluttish for a teenager. Tonight she was wearing a long oversized t-shirt, light pink with a big eyed puppy on the front. She had big pink slippers on, as well. Damn she was cute. 

 "I've got a confession. I told you I'd applied to some schools, but I haven't. I'm afraid it's probably too late. I shouldn't have lied about it." 

 Harold took a deep breath. He had suspected as much. "I'm disappointed in you." 

 "I know. And I thought I might have Lynn over tomorrow to help me fill out some applications. She's already done all hers, and is going to Tech. She can help me." 

 "I'm glad you're taking responsibility for it. Thank you for being honest with me. If you need me to do anything, let me know." 

 "I'll need some checks to send in with the application." Heather said softly. 

 "Just let me know how many and how much." Harold told her. He expected her to go, but she just stood there, as if she was waiting. 

 "Is there something else?" 

 "Are...are you going to punish me?" she asked. 

 Harold caught his breath. "I guess that would be the right thing to do. Even though you're doing the right thing now, you shouldn't get the impression it's easy to get away with bad things." 

 Harold walked into the family room and sat down on the ottoman. Heather was right behind him and as soon as he was seated, she leaned over and laid across his lap, her rear end positioned just over his right leg. She reached back and pulled her nightshirt down to cover her panties, but it just barely managed that. 

 Harold rested his left hand on her back, and tried to ignore the feeling of her nubile breasts pressed against his thigh. He slapped her far cheek, not too hard, but hard enough to make it felt. 

 "Oh!" Heather cried. 

 He stared at the thin material stretched across her firm young ass, and smacked the nearer cheek, just a little harder. He heard his daughter hiss between her teeth. 

 He smacked her again, alternating cheeks, and let his hand linger a little longer after each one, until he was almost caressing her rear with each stroke. 

 On the sixth one she cried out, "Ow! Daddy, I'm sorry I was bad." 

 He gave her a couple more firm strokes, the last one the hardest yet. 

 "Please, Daddy, no more, I'll be good. I promise!" She was wriggling under his attack, and her night shirt had pulled up, exposing half of her panty clad butt. She reached back with her loose hand to cover her bottom, but Harold leaned across, catching her wrist in his hand, and kept her exposed. 

 "Two more, Princess. I hate to do it but you have to learn," he lied. 

 He spanked her softer, landing on her bare panty, the angle of his blow exposing her rear even more. 

 He gave her the last smack. It was almost a pat, rubbing her, and he let his hand linger longer than he should, giving her ass a little squeeze as he finished. "That's it." 

 She slowly got up and to his surprise sat in his lap, apparently unaware of his hardness. Her eyes were red and her cheeks were tear-stained. "I'm sorry Daddy, but thank you for punishing me. It'll help me remember." Then she hugged him tightly. 

 He held his baby girl in his arms and rocked her. "Whatever I can do to help you, you know I always will." 

 She hugged him tighter, wiggling in his lap. "I know Daddy." 

 He held her for a long time, gently in his arms, while his hands stroked her back and calmed her. 

 Once she'd gone to bed, he hurried to his study. He felt guilty as hell for the thoughts running through his head. He wondered if Jeff, Lynn's father, felt the same. 

 * * * 

 While the girls frolicked in the pool, Harold watched them from the window of his study. He found himself continuously dreaming of bending them over his knee, while they took turns being punished. He pictured there sweet young asses, barely encased in their bikinis, quivering with each blow. In his dreams they fought over who would be spanked first. Of course he'd noticed how attractive they both were in the past, but never before did he have thoughts like these. 

 "I thought you'd be grounded for the rest of the summer," Lynn remarked, as she stretched out on the lounge chair for some sun. 

 "I'm working it out. I think I should be out of the doghouse pretty soon." Heather said, drying herself off before laying out. 

 "That would be pretty amazing. How's that possible?" Lynn asked, curiosity getting the better of her. 

 "The old fart has a thing for spanking schoolgirls. You should see the stuff he looks at on his computer." 

 That got Lynn's full attention. "You're shitting me!" 

 "Not a bit. What's with these dirty old men? Can you believe it? Both our fathers. Is it some kind of suburbia epidemic?" Heather laughed. 

 "So he's spanking you now?" Lynn asked 

 "Just once so far. I hinted at your getting it too." 

 "Heather. Please, tell me that you're kidding." 

 "Nope. You inspired me." Heather laughed, stretching out. 

 "Jesus, Heather. You didn't say anything about Jeff spanking me, did you?" 

 Heather sighed. "I had to do something." 

 "Fuck! I'm dead." Lynn whined. 

 "Oh, come on. He's not going to say anything. And you told me how after you got yours, he felt so bad he finally bought you that sweet car," Heather said. 

 Lynn was quiet. "Heather. I didn't tell you everything. He's been looking for reasons to spank me, and they're getting a little out of hand." 

 Heather turned on her side and looked over at her friend. "How's that?" 

 "He expects me to be bare-assed when he does it, and he's been touching me during and after," Lynn confessed. "Sometimes he wants to use more than his hand." 

 "Oh my God, Lynn! Did you tell your Mom?" 

 Lynn just looked at her. "I don't want to." She hurriedly added, "He treats me so good now, buys me anything I want, I could get away with murder, and it would only earn me another hot whipping." 

 Heather looked at her friend in amazement. "Wow. Do you like it." 

 Lynn looked almost in tears. "I hate it." She heaved a big sigh. "I love it." Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Bad Heather ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© "Shit. Which one is it?" 

 "I hate that I love it." 

 * * * 

 Lynn had just left, and Harold was writing out three checks and closing the envelopes when he heard a crash from the kitchen. 

 "You Ok, honey?" 

 "Just a minute, Dad." 

 He heard the noise of cleaning up and went to look in on his only child. She was bending over, cleaning up a broken plate. She was still wearing her bathing suit, demurely covered with a nice coverup, which was almost covering her head as she bent over. Her bikini was stretched tight across her tail, exposing those succulent cheeks. 

 "God, I'm sorry Dad. I was trying to juggle too many plates, I was in a hurry to get everything put away, and I just lost one. I hope you're not too mad," Heather explained, standing with the dustpan and brush in her hand. She dumped the dustpan in the garbage, and straightened her coverup, hiding the treasure underneath. 

 "No, but I still think you'll have to be punished, to learn to be more careful," Harold said, trying to hide the eagerness in his voice. 

 "Of course," Heather answered, hiding the eagerness in her voice. 

 * * * 

 She came and stood before him, while he seated himself in preparation. She felt herself blushing, knowing her skimpy bathing suit was all that would be covering her rear. She was glad she wasn't wearing a thong; she didn't think she was ready for that. 

 "Ready?" she asked. 

 Harold just patted his lap. 

 She stretched out across him, and waited. 

 Harold had his legs closer together, and he raised her rear-end higher, forcing her to lean over and keep her balance with her hands on the floor. She felt the blood rushing to her head, and spread her legs a big to help maintain her balance. She felt so much more exposed than the day before. The slope of her back had her coverup sliding down her body. It was covering nothing but her shoulders and the back of her head. 

 Harold could barely think straight. He was getting hard even before she was in place. He reached out and placed his hand on her ass, just feeling it, before he drew back and gave her the first blow. She flinched a little. 

 "Oh!" she cried, just like the first time. 

 His left hand was just resting easily on her back, feeling her young smooth skin, holding her in place. 

 He alternated spanking her cheeks, enthralled by how they pinked up and the outline of his hand remained for a moment. After a dozen or so he rested his hand on her ass, gently caressing her. 

 "Are you Ok?" he asked. 

 "Yes," so softly he barely heard it. 

 He spanked her lower, on the bare flesh, where her legs started. It was louder, and yielded a delicious response as she squirmed underneath him, yelping. 

 After each smack, his hand remained longer, now obviously stroking her ass, gently squeezing her cheeks. She was moaning a little, in between her cries, and pushing herself back against his hand. 

 On the next blow, on the near cheek, he left his hand where it landed, his fingertips brushing against the bit of cloth covering her crotch, feeling the puffiness of her flesh there. 

 "Oh, Daddy," she moaned. "How many more? It hurts." 

 "Just a few more, baby," he answered, sliding his hand between her legs for just a second, rubbing against his daughter's barely covered pussy. 

 He caught himself, thinking he might have gone too far, and finished with two more easy smacks, right in the middle of each cheek. Then he caressed her ass cheeks, "That wasn't too bad was it, angel?" 

 "No, Daddy," she told him, once more climbing into his lap, pressing against his hardness. "I'll try to be better." 

 "I know you will," he told her, holding her gently, while she sniffled. 

 * * * 

 "Daddy, I thought Lynn might come over again, if it's Ok. She'll have to wait until her Dad comes home though, her car's in the shop." 

 "Why don't you go pick her up. You haven't been out of the house in weeks, and you've certainly earned it. Here, take my card and do a little shopping. You could use a new bathing suit; the old one is pretty faded. Just make sure you're back before 2:00." Harold told her, car keys in one hand, the ATM card in the other. "Don't go crazy - I don't want you to spend more than a hundred dollars, Ok?" 

 Heather leaped into his arms and gave him a quick peck on the lips. "You're the greatest! I promise I'll be back on time." 

 Harold secretly hoped she'd be late. 

 * * * 

 The girls got back by 1:45, to Harold's chagrin, and Heather modeled her new, very small bikini for him when she returned. Lynn was wearing one that didn't cover much more. She wasn't as developed as his little girl, and didn't fill out her bikini quite as fully. Her long dark hair was pulled back in a cute pony-tail; her body was much paler than Heather's. 

 "Do you like it?" Heather asked. 

 "It's kind of small, don't you think?" 

 "Oh Daddy, it's just for wearing here. I can get more sun this way. I've got one Mom would approve of for going out in public," Heather explained, twirling and letting him see that the back of this one was no more than a couple of strings disappearing down her crack. 

 "I guess it's Ok then." 

 "Ok? Don't I look nice in it?" Heather asked. 

 "You're beautiful," Harold told her, hoping it didn't sound as bad as it felt. 

 "Doesn't Lynn look nice?" Heather teased. 

 Harold looked her over. She was so cute. Her breasts were small, barely denting her top, and her hips were smallish, but her round little butt stood out nicely in back. 

 "Lynn always looks nice, she's a lovely girl." Harold said with a smile, and Lynn blushed nicely. 

 Heather ran to him and gave him another big hug and a kiss, her lips pressing firmly against his for just a second, before the two sirens headed out to the pool. 

 Harold headed to the study. And locked the door. 

 * * * 

 "Daddy?" 

 Harold jumped when he heard the knock on his study door. He quickly pulled up his knit shorts, and turned off his monitor. 

 "What is it, baby?" 

 "Can I come in?" Heather asked plaintively. 

 Harold got up and unlocked the door, opening it for his daughter. God she looked good. She had her cover up on, but it was open in the front, showing off her young body. 

 Heather walked in and closed the door behind her. 

 "Where's Lynn?" Harold asked. She couldn't have gone home; it hadn't been an hour since they'd gotten back. 

 "She's by the pool." She seemed nervous, "Daddy, I have a confession," 

 "What's wrong?" 

 "I went over your limit. I spent about $120 dollars." 

 "Heather, you know I was very specific," Harold told her, his pulse suddenly racing. 

 "I know, and I'm sorry." She walked past him and leaned over his desk, her ass inviting his attention. "I know what I've got coming." 

 Harold approached her, his shorts tenting obscenely. "Yes, as much as I hate to do it, you need to be reminded to follow the rules." 

 "I know Daddy, I was wrong. I shouldn't have bought the skirts I bought." 

 Harold was mesmerized by the view in front of him. Heather was stretched across the desk, and her feet were spread about a two feet apart, giving him a full on view of just how little the thong covered. 

 "Not too hard, please, Daddy," Heather begged. 

 "If I don't spank you as hard, I'll have to give you more," Harold warned her. 

 "I understand." 

 The spanking was not like anything he'd done before. He spent several long minutes alternating occasional firm smacks, with little more then pats and overt caresses. Harold was squeezing and fondling his daughters bare ass, pulling her cheeks apart to see the string barely covering her puckered butt hole. He could see the lips of her young pussy exposed on each side of the string pulled up inside of her. His actions had her moaning openly, squirming, and crying out with each surprise real smack. It had started slowly, but the continuous spanking and the intermingled hard slaps had her cheeks almost cherry red. 

 "Daddy," she gasped, "you might have to stop." 

 "Do you think you're punished enough?" He asked his baby girl, his hand squeezing her butt cheek, his fingers caressing her exposed labia. 

 "I feel funny," she gasped, "just a few more." 

 He was using two hands now, squeezing and caressing one cheek, while he patted the other one. "Just a few more," he agreed. 

 Switching sides, he smacked her firmly right between her legs, spanking her right on her pussy. 

 "OH!" she cried out, and then shivered while he caressed her ass, and his hand cupped her pussy, massaging it. "Oh, shit," she groaned, her feet kicking up, her whole weight resting on the desk. He felt the moistness soaking through the thin cloth. 

 Had his daughter just come while he was spanking her? 

 He let go of her incredible rear, and pulled her upright, pulling her into his arms. She clung to him, her hips pressing hard against his erection. 

 "Am I forgiven?" she asked, her lower body grinding against him. 

 "Of course," he told her, reaching down and cupping her ass, pulling her against him. "Have you learned your lesson?" 

 She pressed her lips to his cheek, just beside his ear. "I was naughty." 

 Harold tensed up, but Heather turned her face and kissed him on the lips, firmly. He felt her moist tongue brush across his lips. 

 "I'm sorry dear, if I got carried away," he murmured. 

 "Oh no, Daddy. I deserved it. I earned it." 

 * * * 

 "Where were you?" Lynn asked as Heather approached. 

 "Getting my just rewards." 

 "What?" 

 "I was getting a spanking, for spending too much money at the mall," Heather laughed, turning and showing her friend her reddened cheeks. 

 "Oh my God, Heather! He just now spanked you?" 

 "And pawed me nicely, thank you," Heather laughed. 

 "God now you've got me jealous," Lynn confessed. 

 "Want me to get you a spanking too? I bet Dad wouldn't mind. You're even more his type than me," Heather teased. 

 "Don't you dare!" Lynn shrieked. "How was it?" She finally asked. 

 "I came," Heather whispered. 

 "Damn! You little slut!" Lynn giggled. 

 "Lynn, I hate to ask but would you put some aloe on my butt? It still stings." 

 "Jesus, Heather! Here?" 

 "Please. But do it nicely, I bet he's watching." 

 Lynn took her time, thoroughly taking care of her best friend's tingling tail. All the while she could feel eyes burning into her scantily clad flesh. She was going to be a bad girl when she got home. She needed it. 

 * * * 

 Harold checked his watch as Heather walked in the door. He was surprised that he'd missed having her around all afternoon. He'd allowed her to spend the day over at Lynn's house. He never would have guessed he'd actually want her around. 

 "Heather, what time is it?" 

 "I know Daddy, I'm late. I'm sorry. Lynn's Dad wanted us to clean up her room, and it took longer than I thought; I lost track of time." 

 "And you didn't think of calling? You did have your cell phone, right?" Harold demanded. 

 "I forgot to charge it, I haven't used it in a while. I'm sorry." 

 "Do I need to take the phone away again? If you're going to be allowed to have one, you can't turn it off when you're away, or let it charge down. I need to be able to get ahold of you." 

 Heather approached her father, and put her arms around his neck. "Please don't take it away, Daddy. I promise I'll do better. Please." 

 "I can't let this go unpunished," Harold told her. 

 "I know Daddy, and you're right." 

 "Take your shorts off, little girl." Harold commanded. 

 "Off?" she asked, hesitantly, as she worked the tight jean shorts down her body, exposing her thong underwear. 

 "Blue Jeans are too much protection." 

 Harold sat in the middle of the couch and his only child laid across his lap. She hung one leg off the couch, as the other stretched along the length of it, spreading her legs wide open. 

 Harold spanked her diligently, more forcefully then he had been lately. "I've got to really make sure you remember dear. The phone is your lifeline to me. You need to have it available." His first dozen strokes traumatized her tender cheeks. This was unlike her previous spankings. 

 "Oh, Daddy, please, not so hard, it hurts!" Heather cried out, the sound of his open hand smacking her fair skin echoing off the walls. She kept reaching back to cover her butt with her hands, and he grabbed them, crossed their wrists, and held them tight while he smacked her even harder. 

 "If you fight me, it just gets worse," Harold warned her. 

 Harold eased back, admiring his handiwork, her ass nice and pink. He took his time, smacking her firmly now and then, but in between caressing her ass and squeezing it. His blows were all over the place, on her ass cheeks, on the back of her thighs, a few even falling on her womanhood. 

 "Please, Daddy, please," Heather cried, sobbing. 

 Harold massaged her ass, while he explained himself. "Heather, you are being punished for three things, you understand that?" 

 Her words skipped between her sobbing, "I-I-I guess, so-o." 

 He smacked her hard, making her cry out. "One. You were late." 

 "I'm sorry!" 

 "Two you didn't call," Harold continued, smacking her other cheek equally hard. It stung his hand. 

 "Ow! Daddy!" Heather cried out. 

 "Three, I couldn't reach you on your phone," Harold told her, smacking her firmly between her legs. 

 "I'll be good, I will!" Heather gasped. 

 Harold continue to paddle her pussy, smacking her right across her swollen lips, using just his cupped fingers to punish her. She was squirming and writhing under his hands. 

 He released her hands, reached down and pulled her legs open even wider, then slid his fingers underneath her thong and pulled it aside, exposing her pink lips to his view. She was dripping, and his continued smacks on her pussy sounded obscenely wet and moistened his hand. He rested his hand on her mound letting the length of his finger settle between the lips. God, he was fondling his daughter's pussy! Pulling his hand slowly away, he let his finger momentarily slide within her lips, penetrating her for about half his finger length. 

 "Will you remember this lesson, little lady?" Harold asked, giving her pussy another stinging smack. 

 "Yes, yes," she moaned. 

 "Have you been punished enough?" Harold asked, rubbing her teen pussy with complete disregard for right and wrong. 

 "Just a few more, Daddy, please," Heather asked softly. 

 Harold smiled, and patted her pussy, alternating it with firm wet smacks on the cheeks of her ass. He could feel her excitement level rising, and as she moaned louder, he firmed up the smacks on her ass, just as he became more invasive, rubbing her swollen nether-lips. 

 "There, spank me there," Heather begged, as his hand cupped her mound, his finger tips rubbing her hidden pleasure center. He diddled her clit, opening up the hood, and using his finger tips, swatted her exposed nub of flesh until she came hard. He immediately ceased the slapping, and slid two fingers deep inside of her, causing her orgasm to burst into a continuous explosion. He fingered her while she trembled, and as she slowly relaxed, he pulled out, adjusted her underwear to cover her, and caressed her reddened butt cheeks. As she slowly crawled off his lap, he brought his fingers up to his nose, inhaling his daughter's amazing fragrance. 

 Heather turned and straddled her father, hugging him closely. "I'll be better Daddy, I promise." She kissed him on the neck, and on the cheek, before finally kissing him on the lips. Their mouths opened just enough for their tongues to touch, and run across each other's lips. Harold cupped his daughter's warm ass and stroked them lovingly, gently. 

 "I know you will, pumpkin." 

 * * * 

 Harold sat back and watched his child cleaning the living room, wiping down the surfaces diligently. She looked so pretty. Just as he remembered her. Her hair was up in pig tails, just as she'd worn it all through middle-school. Her skirt showed off her slender legs, her feet were bare. 

 "Is that a new outfit?" Harold asked. 

 Heather skipped over to where he was sitting and did a quick pirouette for him. "I got it at the mall the other day. Do you like it?" 

 Harold loved it. The plaid mid-thigh skirt reminded him of the school girl skirts of his youth. Her simple white polo shirt matched it wonderfully. "It's... very nice." 

 "I'm glad you like it, you bought it," she answered, giggling. She did another spin, a little faster. Her skirt flew up, giving her father a rather indecent show. 

 "Heather? Are you wearing underwear?" Harold asked. 

 Heather stopped and hung her head. She moved over to stand right next to her father. He pulled up her skirt and saw she was completely naked underneath. 

 "I'm sorry Daddy. I was doing the laundry and just added my panties at the last moment since I was doing delicates," Heather admitted. 

 "Young lady. You know that's not appropriate," Harold scolded. 

 "I'm sorry," she said softly. 

 "You don't have a shortage of underpants, do you?" 

 Heather took her father by the hand, and lead him to her room. He followed as she took him to her furniture. 

 Heather opened the top drawer of her chest, and displayed a drawer full of neatly folded underthings. 

 "So it's not because you don't have any, or because they're all dirty," Harold confirmed. 

 "No Daddy, I just didn't want to wear them." 

 Harold sat on her double bed, and patted his lap. Heather climbed up on the bed and crawled across his lap. Settled in place, she felt him lift her skirt completely out of the way, exposing her bare ass. She opened her legs, eager for his touch. 

 "Heather, that was very inappropriate. What if someone came over, or what if we went out and you'd forgotten. This can't be allowed." Already his hand was fondling his daughter's bare butt. He let his hands roam quite freely, between her thighs, up along her crack. 

 "I know, Daddy." 

 Harold swatted her cheek, and she suddenly sat up. "Oh, please, just a second." She got off the bed, and unzipped the side of her skirt before removing it. "I...I'm afraid I might mess it up." 

 "Oh." Harold nodded. "You might want to take off your shirt too, just in case," Harold cautioned. 

 "Ok, if you think so." Heather pulled her shirt over her head, and Harold only then realized she wasn't wearing a bra either. His little girl was standing in front of him, as naked as the day she was born. Looking down at her exposed crotch, he noticed she didn't have much more hair than back then either. 

 Heather turned away and went to her desk where she folded her clothing and carefully placed them next to her computer. Where she stealthily clicked an icon and then turned off the monitor. 

 Turning back to her father, Heather stretched out across his lap, her legs spread wide in anticipation. She eased her hand between them as she got comfortable, resting her palm on his stiffness. 

 Harold was in absolute heaven. He toyed with her butt, before starting his careful ritual. A pattern of firm smacks and caresses began, pinking up her cheeks, and warming her up. His blows fell with more accuracy, cheek-cheek- thigh-thigh-crotch, while his baby girl twitched and squirmed beneath him. After several minutes of continued spanking, with her cheeks bright red, the pretense of punishment was abandoned. He proceeded to get his daughter off, patting her pussy, massaging her clit and fingering her. With his moistened fingers he rubbed her little puckered butt-hole, and she groaned, reaching back with one hand to open herself up. 

 It was only then that he realized where her other hand was, clutching his erection tightly. 

 He scooted further back on the bed, easing her forward on his legs, so his crotch was no longer beneath her. His daughter's hand continued to hold him, now slowly moving up and down his shaft, through his shorts. 

 "Turn over," he told her. He barely recognized his own voice. 

 Heather released his cock, and did as commanded. She lay across his legs, the small of her back centered between his open legs. Blatantly, she reached for his cock again, holding it firmly. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Bad Heather ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© At first Harold just caressed the gorgeous flesh laid out before him. Then he reached for her crotch and slid two fingers deep into his daughter's quim. His other hand had found her chest and a nipple was in his firm grasp. As he slid his fingers in and out of Heather, she matched his motions with her own, stroking his aching cock through his shorts. 

 "You must miss Mom a lot," Heather gasped between strokes. 

 "Of course I do. Why?" Harold asked slowing down, wiggling his fingers inside of her. 

 "Since she's left you seem to be hard all of the time. I've read a man has needs, but I didn't really understand." Heather told him, her hand clutching his erection. 

 Harold fondled her full tits. "I guess that's true." 

 Heather stopped her stroking. "If you'd like, Daddy, I could help you with that." Before he could answer, she slid her hand inside his waistband and felt his fleshy hardness for the first time. 

 "Oh baby. It feels wonderful, but we really shouldn't. It's wrong." Harold argued. 

 "Any worse than what you're doing to me, right now?" Heather asked as she hunched her hips into his hand. 

 "That's different. It's too teach a lesson, not just for our pleasure." 

 "I want you to teach me a lesson now, Daddy. Teach me what to do with one of these. Someday, somewhere, I'll have to know. Can't you show me?" Heather asked, her hand still caressing him. 

 Against what was left of his better judgement, Harold eased himself out from under his 18 year old daughter, and dropped his shorts and underwear. His meat was standing at attention, ready to be the center of instruction. 

 The lesson only lasted a few minutes and Heather was able to see him up close, and the strokes of her hand had him shooting soon thereafter. She giggled as his essence boiled over. "That should help a little," Heather whispered. "If you need more help, you know where to find me." 

 * * * 

 In the room alone, Heather cleaned up, then gingerly sat down at her computer. The camera had worked fine. She thought Lynn would get a kick out of the show. 

 * * * 

 "Daddy?" 

 Harold looked up to see both Lynn and his daughter standing in front of him. Lynn's newest bathing suit gave Heather's a run for it's money. 

 "What's up, Angel?" 

 "There was an accident at the pool." Heather said, and Lynn nodded her head in agreement. 

 "What kind of accident?" Harold asked. 

 "I think we broke the vacuum," Lynn answered in a whisper. 

 Harold stood up and walked out to the pool with the two girls. The in-pool vacuum was laying on its side on the bottom of the pool. The hose connector was hanging loose in the pool. While the girls watched he reeled in the hose, and saw the tear where it attached to the cleaner. 

 "How'd it happen?" He asked calmly. 

 "We were just playing around," Heather started. 

 "No we weren't," Lynn interrupted, "I pulled on it to block her in Marco Polo, and I pulled too hard. When she hit the hose it came apart." 

 "Heather, I think maybe you should take Lynn home now. You and I can deal with this once you get back. Lynn, I'll call your father and let him know you're on your way," Harold said. 

 "Please don't call my Dad, Mr. Payne. Please. Can't you just punish me now?" Lynn asked. 

 As tempting as that sounded, Harold couldn't see anyway for things to work out for the better after spanking Lynn's ass. 

 "Lynn, I'm not going to punish you, and don't worry, I won't tell your father what happened," Harold assured her. 

 "Damn it! Heather didn't do anything. If you're going to punish anyone it should be me!" 

 "Lynn, leave it alone," Heather said. "It's my pool, you're my friend, and I'm responsible." 

 Lynn stomped her foot. "Mr. Payne, I'm going inside. I demand you give me my punishment." 

 Harold and Heather just looked at her, as she turned and walked inside. 

 "What have you told her?" Harold asked his daughter, nervous to hear the answer. 

 "Just that when we have problems we deal with them immediately, and in proportion to the problem. She knows that you've been spanking me, but just that. Just as I know that Jeff spanks her." Heather told her father. 

 Entering the house, they called out for Lynn, and finally found her waiting in Heather's room. 

 "What are you doing in here?" Harold asked. 

 "Jeff always spanks me in my room." Lynn answered. 

 Harold was all set to send her home, when Heather put her hands on his shoulders and encouraged him to sit down on the edge of the bed. 

 As soon as he was seated, Lynn went to stand beside his leg. She reached to her sides and slid her bikini bottoms down her legs, to about mid-thigh, before bending over his lap. 

 "Lynn," Harold gasped, "why did you pull your bottoms down?" 

 "Jeff always insists I get punished on my bare butt." Lynn explained as if it was obvious. 

 Harold looked down at the pretty girl with the tempting bare butt. He reached out and spanked her far cheek, with a nice easy slap. 

 "Daddy, she's used to being spanked a little harder than me," Heather whispered. 

 With the encouragement, Harold slapped her friend's ass harder, leaving a handprint impression. 

 "You're right Lynn," Harold explained, smacking her in smooth rhythmic blows. "You're a good girl." -smack- "But even good girls" -smack- "do bad things" - smack- "sometimes." 

 "Yes, Mr. Payne," she gasped. 

 "Breaking the vacuum was a very" -SMACK- "bad" -SMACK- "thing!" -SMACK- 

 "Ow, Ow, I'm sorry, Mr. Payne," Lynn cried after the painful blows landed. 

 Harold's hand was now caressing her bright red cheeks, giving them a small squeeze. He started in again, now playfully. Once again he alternated moderately firm blows with caresses and gentle pats. And, as with his daughter, he allowed his hand to target the area between her legs, where Lynn responded similarly to his daughter. If anything, maybe even more enthusiastically. 

 "Thank you," Lynn moaned as her pussy responded to the attention and it wasn't long before the tiny girl came for him. 

 Moments after she was climbing off of his lap, Heather was taking her place. She had dropped her bikini bottoms as well. 

 Harold didn't try to argue the point, he just lit into his daughter's bare bottom, wrenching moans and cries out of her in a series of hard and soft slaps that could be clearly heard across the house. 

 "Not too hard, Mr. Payne," Lynn said softly, now clinging to his side and watching her best friend's ass get blistered. 

 He worked at it, brazenly making his daughter come from his ministrations, his fingers buried deep within her pussy, while Lynn took it all in, giving advice now and then. 

 "Harder now, Mr. Payne, shove it in her harder," Lynn gasped while her hands ran over his body. 

 When Heather came, screaming, Lynn leaned over and slapped her ass hard, leaving a bright white, then red handprint. 

 Heather finally slid off of his lap, gasping and moaning. "Jesus Daddy! That was hard." 

 Lynn stretched out on his lap again, "Just a bit more, Mr. Payne. To make sure I understand?" This time her suit bottoms were completely gone. 

 Harold reached out and caressed her ass, squeezing her bare cheek. With an easy smack, he admitted that it was what he wanted too. 

 Heather slid behind him and then reached around and fished his hard cock out of his shorts. She stroked his cock while he spanked her best friend. 

 "Oh God," Lynn moaned, looking back at what they were doing. "That's so hot." 

 Harold spanked little Lynn firmly, but still spent half his time fondling her privates, penetrating her with his fingers, working to wring another orgasm out of her. 

 Heather encouraged him shamelessly. She whispered in his ear, while she stroked his hard cock. "Spank the little tramp, Daddy, spank her slutty little butt. Abuse her filthy little pussy, Daddy. Do it. Finger her hard, just like that. God look at the little slut squirm. Spank her some more, Daddy. Spank her hard. I want you to come on her. Come on her for me, Daddy. Squirt your nasty hot cum all over her." 

 His daughter's stroking hand and nasty words, the incredible view in front of him, and the act of punishing the naughty Lynn pushed him over the edge. He shoved his finger's deep and hard into the friend, while his cock finally unloaded, shooting a load of thick white cream all over Lynn's bare back. 

 "FUCK!" Lynn cried out, coming hard as his cum burned into her skin. 

 * * * 

 Heather looked over the videos she had. It was all coming together. Mom was supposed to be home within the week. She'd have to step up the time table. 

 * * * 

 "Daddy! Look! I got into 'State!" Heather cried out waving the admissions letter. 

 "That's great, honey," Harold started, then lost his train of thought when his hot little daughter leaped into his arms. 

 He hugged her. "Let's celebrate tonight. Put on something nice, and we'll go out to dinner." 

 Lynn squealed and disappeared into her room, not to appear for nearly an hour. When she walked out she looked devastating. 

 The couple had a pleasant dinner, and when they got back, Heather begged for permission to have some wine, which they shared. With half the bottle gone, Heather went to the back of the house. 

 "Daddy? Can you help me?" she yelled out. 

 Harold went to her room. "I wanted to change, so I wouldn't ruin this, but I can't reach the zipper, can you help me?" 

 Harold eased the zipper down, then let his hands stroke her shoulders. 

 Heather stepped out of her dress, and stood in bra and panties. "That feels so much better." She stretched, then turned to her father. "Daddy, don't you want to get comfy?" 

 Harold had already removed his coat and he loosened his tie in response to her comment. 

 "C'mon Daddy, loosen up." She took his tie off, then started working on his shirt. When she wasn't rebuffed, she turned to his pants. With his pants around his knees, she pushed him back on the bed, took off his shoes, socks and pants, and looked down on him, laying there in his underwear. 

 "I had a great time tonight, Daddy. It was just like a real date. It was wonderful." 

 "I had a great time too," Harold admitted, watching his daughter. 

 "Daddy?" 

 "Yes, darling?" 

 She unsnapped her bra in the front and tossed it to the side. She then stepped out of her panties. "I think you're about to have an even better time." 

 "Oh, Really?" Harold answered with a laugh. 

 She grabbed his underwear and tugged them down his body, leaving him completely naked, with his hard-on standing tall. "Yes, REALLY." 

 She climbed on the bed and went immediately for his hard cock. "God, you are so BIG Daddy, how does Mommy ever manage to take it all? I can't believe that would fit inside of somebody. It would tear me open." 

 "Oh, I think you'd find a way to accommodate it," Harold told her. 

 "Daddy, I'm going to suck you now, Ok? I've never done this before, so you'll have to tell me what to do. You'll teach me, won't you." Heather asked, her face inches from his swollen cock head, her eyes looking up into his. 

 "Heather, dear child, I'd love to be your teacher in this." 

 As her mouth closed over his cock, Harold couldn't help but reflect - what a difference a summer could make. 

 Heather gave it her best, licking and sucking under her father's direction. She practiced stroking and kissing, sucking him deeply, and using her tongue on him while in her mouth. Getting the swing of it, she turned to make sure the camera had the best view possible, and bobbed her head up and down on his mighty staff, stroking in time. Her father's hands wandered blithely over her teen body, and as he reached his finish, his fingers worked her insides. 

 "Angel, I'm going to come," Harold gasped. 

 Heather came up for a breath, "In my mouth," then went at him even more aggressively, staring into the camera attached to the top of her monitor. 

 He exploded, grunting, holding her head, while he filled her mouth. 

 Heather took it gamely, getting of on getting her father off. God, the power was mind-boggling. She swallowed repeatedly, sucking her father dry. 

 * * * 

 Heather stayed up late, editing the video, working on it until it was just what she was looking for. It was nearly 2:00 am when she finally mailed off the two copies. 

 * * * 

 "What time's your mother getting home?" Lynn asked. 

 "Supposed to be around 6:00," Heather answered. 

 "So what time should I spring it on Jeff?" 

 "I think 4:30 would be good. You Ok with this?" Heather asked nervously. A whole summer's efforts depended on this. 

 "Fuckin' A. This should be wild." Lynn laughed. 

 "Cool, see you then." 

 * * * 

 Come 5:00, Heather was getting nervous. Just as she got ready to give Lynn a call, the front doorbell rang. 

 "Daddy? Can you get that, I'm in the bathroom," Heather called out. As she heard her father leave his study and head to the entrance, she slipped down the hall to follow him; she didn't want to miss a moment of this. 

 Her father looked out the peephole, and called back loudly, "It's just Lynn. You didn't mention she was coming over." 

 Harold opened the door and was stunned to see Lynn's father, Jeff, was there as well. 

 "Why, hello Jeff, what...Oooof" he cried out as Jeff stepped into him and punched him in the gut as hard as he could. Considering Jeff's 6'2 stature and 200lb mass, that was pretty damned hard. Harold dropped to a knee, gasping, unable to catch his breath. 

 "Dirty little fucker!" Jeff yelled, then grabbed the back of Harold's shirt and dragged him a dozen feet into the family room. 

 Harold was dazed and suffering, he tried to ask what it was about, but his breathing was only just coming around. He looked up at Jeff to get an explanation, but he got a full swing backhand across the face that tumbled him to the ground. He could taste the blood in his mouth where his teeth cut his lips. 

 "Stay down, and don't get up if you know what's good for you," his assailant warned him. Harold scooted back to the couch and leaned against it, wiping his sleeve across his mouth. 

 Heather ran into the room, "Daddy! Mr. Davis! What are you doing here?" 

 Jeff just waved at the TV, "Turn that thing on!" He had loaded a DVD into the player. 

 Heather picked up the remote and turned on the TV. Within seconds, a scene of Harold spanking Lynn appeared. Lynn's bare ass was reddening after just a few strokes. There was no sound, but none was needed. 

 "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" Jeff yelled, facing Harold and yelling down at him. "How DARE you expose my daughter, or lay a finger on her." 

 "Please, Jeff, calm down, it's not what you think." 

 "It's not what I think! Ok, let's just watch for a while. Maybe you're right, maybe it's not what I think." Jeff sat down on the couch. When Harold made a move to get up, Jeff leaned over and backhanded him hard across the temple, making him see stars. 

 "Don't move asshole." Then he turned to the two girls. Lynn was dressed in a light sun dress, and Heather had on her Daddy's favorite plaid skirt and tight white top. "You two sit down." 

 The girls obediently took their seats, Heather as the end of the couch, and Lynn in the lounge chair. 

 Jeff took the remote and examined it, then hit the rewind button, rewinding back to the beginning. "Let's see here, yes, I believe that is my daughter Lynn, naked from the waist down, laying across your lap. Oh yes, and now I see that you're spanking her bare ass. Your hand's lingering a little long on her naked ass, don't you think. No, never mind, don't say anything. I need to watch this, in case it's not what I think." 

 "Lynn, that is you, isn't it?" Jeff asked his daughter. 

 "Yes," she said softly. 

 "Just wanted to make sure. Now you're really laying into her aren't you. That's quite a severe beating for, what was it, Lynn?" 

 "Pulling the hose off the pool vacuum," she answered. 

 "Yes, quite severe. Not very good aim there either was it, Harold? Looked like you might have accidentally contacted her privates, oops, there you go again, oh, and again! Maybe it's not incidental. Jesus, your spanking my daughter's naked pussy! No, I guess it's not what I think." 

 Jeff continued to give a scene by scene voice-over for Heather's spanking as well. Near the end of her ordeal, he really got worked up. "Am I seeing things right. Are your fingers buried up inside your teenage daughters twat? Fuck, Harold what were you thinking?" 

 Harold had his legs pulled up to his chest, as much to make himself as small and invisible as possible, as to hide the erection he was getting from watching the show. 

 "I just..." he started, before getting another backhand, right on the ear, that hurt like the devil and left his ear ringing. 

 "Shut the fuck up," Jeff said offhandedly. 

 "Fine, as if beating my child once wasn't enough, you've got to have your way with her again. But this isn't punishment, it's just plain molestation. God, you made your daughter beat you off, while you fingered poor Lynn. Look at that, look at what you're doing. Their just fucking high-school kids, for Christ's sake." 

 Jeff took a long breath, "No, wait, let's not jump to conclusions, maybe it's not what I think it is. Now let's watch carefully, maybe you're just trying to help them out. Nope, that's clearly three fingers stuffed up my daughter's twat, you bastard. Oh, nice. It's not enough that you finger-fuck her, but you've got to give her a beating as well. But wait! Wait! That's not the worst of it, is it? Your daughter's hand is still at work, isn't it? Isn't this where, oh right, I shouldn't jump to conclusions - there! I thought so, you just spunked all over my daughter. What the fuck is that!" 

 Jeff stood up and started pacing back and forth, then rewound the last part and watched Harold finger his daughter before spraying cum all over her back. 

 "Jesus, you fucker. I could just kill you. I should. I should fucking kill you." 

 Heather went to him, "Please, Mr Davis, he just thinks he's helping by punishing us. He didn't mean any harm." 

 "He's fucking molesting two teenagers, including his own daughter! How the fuck is that not harm?" 

 "What are you going to do?" Heather asked. 

 "What should I do, Harold? Should I give you a taste of your own medicine? How would you like it if someone beat your child and molested them? How would that be?" Jeff asked, pulling Heather over to him, and reaching down and squeezing her breast. "How do you like that?" 

 "Don't do it," Harold said angrily. 

 "Oh! Didn't like that? How about this?" He reached down and smacked Heather's butt, through her skirt. 

 "Stop it!" Harold shouted jumping up, and running at Jeff. 

 Jeff Davis stopped him with a couple of well placed blows, including one between Harold's legs, that had him moaning and clutching at himself, curled up in a ball on the floor. 

 "Girls, bring two of the dining room chairs in here. One with arms, and one without. NOW!" 

 Heather and Lynn ran to do his bidding. 

 "Great." He leaned over and dragged Harold into the chair with arms and sat him there. "Very good. Now Lynn, you will undress Heather down to her panties, and use her clothing to tie her father down. Understand?" 

 "Please, Mr. Davis. Don't do this," Heather gasped. 

 Lynn started removing Heather's top, and Jeff went and stood in front of Harold. "Stand up, asshole." 

 "Don't hit me," Harold moaned. 

 "Fucker. Stand up and give me your belt." Jeff said calmly. 

 Harold stood and started removed his belt. He held it out, "Please don't hit me," he pleaded. 

 "Now drop your pants, I'm not going to hit you." 

 Harold lowered his pants. 

 "Underwear too." 

 "Please, you don't have to do this," Harold said before the slap snapped his head back. He quickly lowered his underwear. 

 "You said you weren't going to hit me!" he whined. 

 "As long as you obey, fuckwad. Now sit." 

 By this time Heather was nearly naked. Lynn used the clothing and Harold's belt to tie him down. She looked up and Jeff passed her his own belt, "Here, for his other foot." Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Bad Heather ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© Then he pulled the other straight back chair directly in front of Harold's. He sat down and summoned Heather over, who was naked except her panties. 

 "That's fine, you can leave them on for now. Come here." 

 She slowly moved beside him, and then under his guidance, leaned across his lap. 

 "Please, Mr. Davis. Please, don't do this," she said softly. 

 Jeff ignored her. "How does it feel, eh, Harold." He patted Heather's scantily clad bottom, "How about this?" He gave her a half-hearted smack, eliciting a small cry. "How do you like it now?" 

 When Harold turned to look away, Jeff barked at his daughter. "Stand behind him and make sure he doesn't look away." 

 Lynn placed herself behind Mr. Payne, put her hands on each of his cheeks, and guided his gaze back upon his daughter. 

 Jeff was ostentatiously caressing Heather's butt, "Nope this isn't quite right is it? What's wrong? Oh yeah!" He grabbed Heather's underwear and pulled them down her legs, exposing her ass. "Now this is more like it, isn't it?" 

 Harold hated to watch. He hated even more that it was exciting him to see his pretty little girl manhandled. He was a sick excuse for a father, and deserved what he had coming. 

 "Don't take it out on her," Harold finally gathered enough courage to say. "I was the bad one, not her." 

 "Oh you don't want me to do something like this?" Jeff asked, before cupping Heather's pussy, and roughly shoving his middle finger up her. 

 "Oww! Don't!" Heather cried out. 

 Jeff played with her tight little pussy, then pulled her upright and sat her on his leg, facing her father. "Look at him Heather." Jeff reached around her, and once more grabbed her crotch, sliding a couple of fingers inside. "Look at him. He's hard. He's excited by what I'm doing to you." 

 "Fuck you!" Harold cried out, while Jeff held Heather diagonally across his body, one hand roughly fingering her, the other, manhandling her breasts. 

 "Untie his arms, Lynn." Jeff laughed, while Heather moaned in his arms. "Tell you what, Harold. I'm going to do you a favor. You can play with yourself while I play with your little girl. And as soon as you cum, I'll let her go. Now isn't that nice of me?" 

 "You're an asshole," Harold muttered as Lynn finished untying his hands. 

 "Did you say asshole? Not a bad idea." Jeff flipped Heather over like a rag- doll, and laid her back across his legs. Then he spread her legs wide, and pushed his finger into her butt. 

 "AWWW! NO, IT HURTS!" Heather cried out as his thick callused finger forced its way into her. 

 Harold at that time was stroking his cock fast and hard, hoping to end his daughter's awful treatment. He almost died when Lynn's hand reached down and cupped his balls while he jerked himself off. 

 "Hurry and cum, Mr. Payne, or he might hurt her for real." 

 * * * 

 Janice Payne looked in through the open garage door, and couldn't believe her eyes. Jeff Davis had her baby across his lap, and she was naked. He had his fingers between her legs, and was obviously handling her badly. She turned back to the garage and pulled out a long handled shovel. She only wished she had a gun. 

 Jeff was facing away from her at an angle, and as she snuck in the house, she noticed there was someone else there. As she got further into the room, she could see the edge of a chair. Peeking forward, she saw her sorry excuse for a husband sitting in a chair watching, while little Lynn Davis help him masturbate. As she watched, he came all over her little hand. 

 She blew a fuse. 

 She screamed as she ran into the room and Jeff turned just enough to catch the back of the shovel across the side of his head, instead of the back. His eyes rolled back in his head, and he collapsed to the ground. But not fast enough to avoid another shovel swing that connected full force on his upper arm. You could hear the snap of the bone. 

 "Thank God you're here!" Harold cried out just before catching his own shovel blow on the top of his head, turning out his lights. 

 Lynn was crawling away from the scene as fast as she could, "They made me!" she cried out. 

 Heather ran to her mother, "Oh Mom, finally you're home. You wouldn't believe what they've been doing to us." 

 "It's alright, honey," Janice gasped. "You too, Lynn. It's Ok now, those bastards won't hurt you again." She spit at the man at her feet. "Now go get some rope and tie them up before they wake up." 

 Both girls felt a little nervous when Janice added, "Then we'll see how they like it when they're on the other end of the beatings." 

 "So you saw the video?" Heather asked. 

 "Yes. I never would have thought he'd have gone that far. I'm sorry, baby, I would never have left him alone with you." 

 "Oh Mom, it's been a nightmare," Heather whispered. 

 The two teens walked out to the garage to get some rope as directed. Heather still hadn't had time to put anything on. 

 "Didn't I tell you?" Heather giggled. 

 "Yes, you were right, as usual," Lynn laughed. "Did he hurt you?" 

 "Naw. I mean the finger up the ass was a little unexpected, but I'll survive." 

 "How about your Mom with that shovel? Wow!" Lynn joked, as they found a long laundry line. 

 "You call your Mom?" Heather asked. 

 "Shit, I forgot, I'll call her now," Lynn said, pulling out her cell phone. 

 "So what did I tell you. Worst summer to best summer in 4 weeks. I mean, we should be able to milk this for all it's worth." Heather laughed. 

 "I know, but I'll miss the spankings." 

 "Yeah, me too." 

 ******* 

 Don't forget to vote! Report_Story 