#1 

 

 ****** Becoming a Drag Queen ****** bysilkstockingslover© Summary: A man on a trip to San Francisco descends into the drag queen world. 

 Warning: This story is a rather lengthy tale with a fair amount of plot at the beginning. That said, as the story unfolds the sex comes in pretty heavy doses. 

 Thanks: To the amazing copy editing of Estragon who catches my many mistakes. 

 Thanks 2: A thank you goes to the following who gave me insight for this story: Candicame, Art, Dave, Liz, Josh, Clint, Susan Rossi, Starr, Mike, Lindsey and the others who shared their thoughts. 

 * 

 Becoming a Drag Queen 

 I was thrilled when my boss told me he was sending me to San Francisco for a conference. It was a location on my "Top 10 places I wanted to go". I went online and Googled the major attractions and tourist "must sees in San Francisco. The conference was Wednesday to Friday and I figured I would add a couple of days and tour this unique American city. Through the Google search, I found many cool things to do in San Francisco. By the end of the night I had made a list of twenty potential activities. As the week went on and I talked to a few colleagues who had been to the city already, I ended up with a lengthy list of must-to-sees, must-to-dos and must-to-eat-ats. It was a daunting list, and one I could never do in the amount of time I had. So more Google searches for reviews, and I finally had it narrowed down to a few choices. I ordered tickets for a musical "Beach Blanket Babylon" and, of course, a trip to Alcatraz. The rest I figured I would decide once I was there. 

 The first night there, after checking in, the bellhop recommended a blues bar that specialized in southern food. I love southern food, so I headed to the club. After getting lost once, I found the club and had a superb southern fried chicken supper. I stayed for an amazing blues show, staying way later than I had anticipated. 

 It was during the second evening that a long ignored fetish rekindled. I was at "Beach Blanket Babylon", a must-see show I was told (and I have to agree), when part way through I saw a guy in drag singing. Now I should note that I have a pantyhose fetish and, although I have ignored it since I got married, I was getting the urge to wear pantyhose again, something I had long denied myself. 

 When I was younger, I would often steal my Mom's pantyhose and wear them underneath my clothing. I briefly thought I may be gay because I liked to dress in pantyhose, but I liked chicks too much and back then no one was openly bi, so I eventually squelched my desire to wear pantyhose and moved on. I still had my pantyhose fetish and loved seeing them on women. My wife, Isabelle, had amazing legs and, although she thought my pantyhose fetish was odd, she often wore them for me when we went out. She even cut a hole out in a few so she could wear them during sex. We had a great sex life, but our relationship had slowly fallen apart. We really had nothing in common, and we got divorced six months before my trip to San Francisco. 

 I got off the trolley and on my way back to my hotel I was passing Walgreens and I wondered if they sold pantyhose. I went in and found they indeed did. I grabbed a pair and went to the till. I felt nervous, like a kid buying condoms for the first time. Did the cute cashier know I was buying them for me? She didn't even raise an eyelid at my odd purchase, and I rushed to my hotel room, oddly giddy with excitement. As soon as I closed the door of my hotel room, I got out of my clothes, including my underwear, and put on the soft silky pantyhose. I lay on my bed in my black pantyhose and logged into my computer. I searched Literotica for cross-dressing stories. As I read them, my cock became stiff in my pantyhose, although I had to adjust my pantyhose to give my cock room to grow. Most of the stories ended in gay sex and although I was had never been really interested in other men, my dick stayed stiff as I read story after story. I rubbed my cock through the sheer nylon and it brought back so many memories of my fetish-filled youth. A story where a reserved straight man ended being a cross-dressing faggot in a naughty sex train finally did it, and I shot cum all over my pantyhose. I got up, cleaned the pantyhose off, and left them over the shower to dry. I fell asleep wondering why it was an anal sex gay male story that got me off. 

 Next day I put my pantyhose back on, without any underwear (what's the point, the pantyhose kept my cock from shifting), and dressed in my usual suit and tie. 

 The morning was a write-off, as I kept thinking of my naughty secret that no one else knew. My dick stayed hard all morning and at lunch I decided to see if any drag shows were playing on a Friday night. There were a couple, and I decided I would go check one out. It was harmless, but my curiosity lingered. I suffered through a brutal afternoon of conference boredom, and, once I was done, found my body leading me to a Victoria's Secret. I had decided to add to my naughty attire, not completely cross- dressing, but adding frilly underwear to the mix. I bought a pair of bright pink hip huggers. I briefly considered a bra, but that seemed silly and redundant. I then went to Neiman Marcus and decided to buy a pair of real silk pantyhose, the kind you couldn't buy at a Walgreens. They cost forty-six bucks but the Wolford pantyhose were the softest, sheerest silk I had ever touched. I got them in the colour I like to see on women the most: mocha. I got back to the hotel and took a long shower. The show wasn't till ten, so I ordered from room service and took a nap. 

 I woke up later than planned, just before nine, and rushed to get ready. I put on my bright pink panties and my silky sheer pantyhose. I put on a pair of designer jeans and a black short sleeve dress shirt. 

 It felt so good walking in my pantyhose that I decided to not wear socks, one more slight risk. I put on my black dress shoes and left. My feet felt so free in just the sheer pantyhose. A crazy cab driver took me to the club, speeding up and down the hills of San Francisco. I could only find a chair at the bar, beside a fully dressed drag queen. 

 I ordered a beer from the clearly gay bartender and surveyed the room. It was mostly men, a few tourist couples and what looked like a bridal staggette. When I returned my gaze to the bar, the drag queen was smiling at me. 

 He/she was surprisingly pretty. At first I had to do a double take to be sure he/she was a he. Thankfully, his Adam's apple gave the game away. 

 He/she said, his/her (I will refer to her as she from now on!!!) voice stunningly high and feminine, "Hi stranger, here for the show?" 

 Slightly nervous, I stuttered, "Y-y-y-yeah." 

 "Oh you will love it, honey," she promised, her hand grabbing mine and giving it a squeeze. I was shocked, but much to my surprise, I didn't pull my hand away. 

 "I-I-I hope so," I stammered, like a shy teenager. 

 "Where you from?" she asked, her hand still holding mine. 

 "Canada," I answered. 

 "You are the second person I have met today from Canada. I am originally from South Carolina." 

 There was a brief lull as I pondered what to say. She broke the silence, "By the way, I am Flame. Maybe I can light your fire." 

 I imagine I went beet red and on reflex moved my hand away. 

 "Did I embarrass you, Darling? You are cute enough to eat whole," she teased, with a devilish smile. 

 Just then another drag queen came and hugged Flame and I realized this was my chance to leave. Yet my legs felt like cement. Instead, I ordered a second beer. Once again surveying the room, I realized it had got much busier. There was almost nowhere to move and people kept bumping into me and squishing beside me to order drinks. When I returned back around, I noticed that Flame had left. I was surprised that I was disappointed, but noticed her pink purse was still there. I suddenly got a warm feeling inside me. I wondered what the hell was wrong with me. I was bumped again and heard a rather entertaining conversation between two gay men. A very good-looking blonde guy was waiting for his drinks as a guy I could not see pleaded his romantic case. "I really like you. I always have. But you were with Jamie and even though I knew he was not good for you, I just waited. I promise I would never do anything to hurt you." The next thing I knew I was inches away, as two young men started making out. It was like watching a car accident. You know you shouldn't look, yet you can't peel your eyes off the perverse scene. 

 I felt a hand tap my shoulder and I turned and was face to face with Flame. "Enjoying the show?" she asked, a knowing smile on her face. 

 I stammered, attempting to defend my staring, "You don't see much of that up in Canada." 

 "You like?" 

 "Each to their own," I shrugged, trying to come off as manly and straight. Having to urinate and break the seal, I asked, "Where is the bathroom here?" 

 She pointed behind her and offered with a flirtatious smile, "I'll hold your seat for you." 

 I squeezed my way through the mob of mostly gay men and squeezed into the men's washroom. Inside were three stalls and five urinals. In my head, I expected to see some sort of naughtiness, but all I saw were two guys washing their hands talking, and a couple of others taking a piss. Remembering I was wearing pantyhose, I choose the only open stall. Once closed, I quickly sat down and read some of the naughty comments like: 'Garrett will cheat on you," or "Monty has the biggest cock I've ever had,' or 'For a guaranteed good time call Elmer' or 'Adam loves it up the ass.' 

 While I was reading the comments on the door, I heard the door to my right close, and instantly heard a rough voice order, "Bend that ass over, faggot!" 

 A few seconds later, I heard what was obviously a guy getting fucked in the ass. I heard whimpering turned into moaning and my cock, thinking on its own, began to rise. 

 I also noticed a hole on the wall. I knew I shouldn't have, but I couldn't resist. I leaned forward and peaked into the hole. I held in a gasp. I watched a voyeur drawn into perversion. A skinny white guy, bent over the toilet, was being ass-fucked hard by a well-built black guy. 

 I don't know how long I watched, before the big guy pulled his long cock out of the guy's ass and demanded, "Suck me off bitch!" 

 The guy quickly dropped to his knees and engulfed the ass-fucker's cock. I had never seen such an eager cocksucker. He bobbed back and forth with desperate abandon. Within a minute or two of this hardcore cocksucking, the big guy grunted and clearly shot his load down the faggot's mouth. The faggot didn't miss a beat as he swallowed the guy's cum. 

 I looked away and saw Flame's name on the wall. It said, 'No one sucks cock like Flame!" 

 My already stiff cock flicked and just as I was about to stand up I heard a male voice, "Get sucking, bitch!" 

 I looked to wear the voice was coming to my left. I saw a cock staring at me. I realized quickly I was in a glory-hole and he was talking to me. Rattled, I pulled up my panties, pantyhose and jeans hastily and quickly exited the stall. Fearful he would come out of the stall, I ignored washing my hands and fled out of there. 

 As I left, I heard someone yell, "Get back here, fresh meat!" 

 I squeezed my way back to the bar and chugged my beer. I again thought of leaving, but was distracted by Flame. 

 "Hey Sweetie," she smiled, her soft hand returning to mine. "See anything interesting?" 

 "Wow," I babbled. 

 Still smiling, she continued, "The bathroom here often includes a lot of extra- circular activity." Her finger gently caressed my hand. I should have pulled away, but it felt very nice and was relaxing me. 

 Attempting to be nonchalant, I responded, "So I learned." 

 Just as Flame was about to speak again, she was interrupted by a booming voice. "Welcome bitches to our special show. We have some fine ladies here tonight for your entertainment. Be loud and rambunctious and if you like them, give generously. Up first is the sexy, the naughty, Marilyn MoanMoan. She will tantalize you with her 1950's cabaret. So please let's hear it for Marilyn MoanMoan." 

 The crowd went wild and I watched in secret awe, as this woman, who looked ridiculously like Marilyn Monroe, danced and sang while the packed crowd around the stage offered her bills. While she danced, she took the bills with her hands, her mouth and her breasts. It was all very erotic. I scanned the crowd wondering how many men here were straight, like me. 

 Flame asked, her fingers making small gentle circles on my hand, "What do you think of her?" 

 "She is very talented and a dead ringer for the real Marilyn." 

 "Isn't she?" Flame agreed, before offering, "I can introduce you to her later if you want." 

 "Ok," I said, unsure what else to say. I missed the introduction, but a new girl was on and looked much more what I expected from a cross dresser. Although she was dressed to the nines, she was obviously a male. Like the first dancer, she did a little number and had many men fighting to give her money. It was like a strip show without the stripping. 

 I felt a hand on my back and turned to see a Brad Pitt look-alike attempting to order a drink while using my back for stability. He smiled at me, "Sorry." 

 I responded, starring at his drop dead good looks, "No problem." He got his drinks and went on his way. 

 "Isn't he dreamy?" 

 "What?" I asked, turning back to Flame. 

 "Isn't he dreamy?" 

 "I guess." I shrugged, not wanting to give any signs that I might be into that type of thing. 

 "He doesn't play, anyways," Flame said. I assumed I knew what play meant and didn't ask. 

 The second dancer was leaving the stage. The announcer introduced the next girl while Flame and I talked. 

 "So you like wearing girl's clothing?" Flame asked, surprising the shit out of me. 

 "Excuse me?" 

 "Well I see you are wearing pantyhose under your pants," she pointed out, letting go off my hand and reaching down to touch my sheer pantyhose. "Oh my, and these aren't just any cheap pair are they?" 

 I stammered, "Um...it was...." 

 Her hand moved up my leg, and rested just above my knee. Her voice was both compassionate and flirty, "It's ok. If you are just experimenting or curious, Baby, this is the place." Her hand moved up a smidge, and instead of outrage, I felt excitement and my cock attempting to grow, but struggled in the restrictive panties and pantyhose. I tried to ignore the awkward position of my cock, but it was really uncomfortable and I adjusted my cock in front of this hypnotic drag queen. Her smile dripped as she purred, leaning into my ear, her hand moving up ever so close to my stiff cock, "I hope that is because of me." 

 My face went red but I said nothing, refusing to admit the obvious truth that it was completely because of her. 

 Not deterred by my silence, she asked, "So do you have a pantyhose fetish?" 

 I nodded my head and finally spoke, "I have since I was a teenager." 

 "And, I am guessing you used to wear them and masturbate with them on," she assessed, completely correct; her hand now an inch from my cock. 

 I couldn't believe it. All I wanted right now was this drag queen, this man, to touch my cock. It was ridiculous. It was absurd. It was all I could think of. I nodded my head in affirmation and slight shame, "Yes, I used to do that." 

 "Let me guess," she said, "you quit wearing girl's clothing when you got into high school." 

 "College," I corrected, "I lived in a dorm." 

 "I see," she purred, "and you haven't done so since...today, have you?" 

 "Correct," I responded, my head dropping in shame. 

 Her hand didn't move as she consoled me, "Honey, here in San Fran we accept all kinds: the flaming, the out, the bi and especially the," she paused, a seductive mischievous smile crossing her face as her hand moved and rested directly on my cock, "curious." 

 I took a deep breath as I battled my conscience. I knew I should leave before I ended up way over my head, yet a larger, curious, part of me wanted to see what would happen next. 

 Her hand just rested there, a gentle reminder, while we watched another drag queen dance. The silence drove me nuts. It gave me ample time to leave and ample time to ponder about what might happen. Finally, Flame turned back to me, her same seductive smile frozen on her face, "I have to go back stage, I am after Cinderfella." 

 I laughed at the name and my body flinched, my hard cock pressing up into her hand. 

 She gave me a wink, a gentle squeeze to my cock and stood up. She leaned forward, her hand returning to my cock and rubbed it gently. Her voice was sweet like honey. "I expect you on the dance floor, Baby. I expect you to be my best little fan." Her hand gave a firm squeeze to my cock. "Will you do that for me Baby?" 

 I whimpered, her hand doing wonders to my erection, "Y-y-yes." 

 "Good," she whispered, her lips nibbling my ear. She gave one last squeeze and she was off. 

 For the umpteenth time, I had the perfect opportunity to walk away. To just up and leave. Yet, when I did stand up part way through Cinderfella's act, in which by the way she looked like a real live version of the cartoon princess, it was to walk to the dance floor. I struggled to squeeze my way close enough to the stage to do what Flame had asked me to. I pulled out my wallet and grabbed a bunch of bills. 

 Suddenly, I wondered what was the proper etiquette for giving money to a performing drag queen. It wasn't like I could just add fifteen percent like I did for a waitress. I tried to see what others were giving and it ranged: mostly ones, a couple fives, and one ten. I decided right then and there that I would up the ante with my bills. 

 Cinderfella ended her number and while I waited, I looked around the dance floor. There were guys drinking, guys chatting and a couple of guys making out. Before today that would have made me incredibly uncomfortable and probably even repelled me, yet now it just seemed normal. I was bumped by a couple making out and then a pale flamboyant redhead introduced himself, "Hi, I'm Jay." 

 I shook his hand and said, "Hi, I'm Paul." 

 "Nice to meet you. This is your first time here I am guessing." 

 "Is it that obvious?" I replied. 

 "Yeah," he smiled, "You are looking all over the place, seem incredibly nervous and flinched a bit when you saw guys making out with each other." 

 "Oh, sorry," I apologized, attempting to justify it. "I'm from Western Canada, we don't see many public signs of affection between gay men." 

 He shrugged. "In San Fran, it's hard not to see two gay men together." 

 We were interrupted by the announcer who said, "And now, the vivacious, the seductive, the temptress, Flame." 

 The crowd erupted and Flame came on stage to Elvis's 'Burning Love'. I pushed my way forward through the throngs of gay men until I reached the stage. Flame saw me instantly and gave her seemingly signature smile to me. I put my hand forward, waving a twenty in the air. She bent down and took it in her mouth before sauntering away. She was an amazing dancer: both smooth and erotic. I pulled out another twenty for when she returned to where I was standing. The crowd on the dance floor was loud, sweaty and horny. I felt hands on my ass and heard a lot of cat calling and whistling. Flame took my second twenty by bending down and taking it with her breasts, her eyes never leaving mine. I felt like the prey of a hungry hunter, a tantalizing temptress. As the song was coming to an end, I pulled out one more twenty and held it in the air for Flame to see. After taking others money, she crawled on all fours to me, and said, "Put it in your mouth, baby." 

 I did without hesitation and leaned forward as she took it with hers, our lips touching for just a heartbeat of time. I couldn't believe how soft they were, way softer than any girl I had ever kissed. I watched her crawl on all fours away from me and off the stage, getting a great view of her well curved ass. My cock twitched in my panties as I wondered what it would be like to fuck her ass. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Becoming a Drag Queen ****** bysilkstockingslover© "Ladies and gentleman and ladies, give it up again for Flame," the hostess demanded. Explosions of cheering and clapping echoed off the walls. It seemed louder than when I was at an Edmonton Oilers Stanley Cup final playoff game when we forced game seven back in 20006. 

 The hostess announced another performer as I made my way back to my seat. I had enjoyed being out there while Flame performed, but I was still way out of my comfort zone out there. I eventually made it back to my seat, dripping with sweat, it was damn hot in the bar, and chugged the last half of my beer. The bartender gave me another beer a couple of seconds later. I gave him a look and he smiled, "Flame said to make sure you always had a drink." 

 I tool another long sip before I felt a hand on my shoulder. I assumed it was Flame and turned around. It was a tall black man dressed in all leather, with both his nipples sporting clamps and a chain. 

 Although he looked tough and not one to fuck with, his voice was the stereotypical high-pitched you hear on TV. "Flame would like to see you backstage." 

 "Oh," I responded to this new development. Yet again I had a chance to turn and walk away, but instead stood up and followed the large black man. 

 I was led to a long hallway and eventually to a room with the number six on it. He knocked and Flame called out, "Come in, baby." 

 The black man opened the door for me and closed it after I entered. 

 Flame, still in full costume, smiled, "So baby, did you like the show?" 

 "You are very talented," I replied, avoiding the actual question. 

 "Thank you darling, you know exactly what to say to a girl and you know flattery will get you everywhere," she teased, coming over and giving me a hug. 

 After a short, but cock tingling, hug, she sat down on the couch and said, "You know the worst part of being a girl?" 

 "Every fourth week," I joked. 

 "Funny," she said, giving a sweet laugh. "Walking all day in four inch pumps. My feet are killing me. Would you be a dear and unbuckle them for me?" 

 I paused for a second pondering what this implied, before I moved to her and dropped to my knees at her feet. My hands were shakings slightly as I unbuckled the straps of her heels. 

 Once I had one heel off, I slowly, with a bit more confidence, unbuckled the other. 

 This done, Flame asked, "Can you be a darling and massage my feet for me?" 

 Already on the floor in a serving position, I did as requested, taking her stocking-clad foot into my hands. I gently massaged her foot as she talked, "So, you still haven't told me your name yet, baby." 

 "It's Paul," I finally admitted. 

 "And what does my cute little Paul do for a living?" 

 "I am in software programming." 

 "My Paul is a nerd, how adorable," she purred, flirtation dripping on every word. 

 Being referred to as 'my Paul' had my still hard cock begging for attention. "Yeah, I have always been good with computers." 

 "Well, you sure seem good with your hands, baby." 

 I moved to massaging the other foot while she continued talking, "So how long are you in San Fran, baby?" 

 "I fly out Sunday afternoon," I answered. 

 "So you could come out tomorrow night to our once a month newcomers show," she said, excitement brimming with each word. 

 "What is that?" I asked, suddenly nervous and curious. 

 "Stand up," she ordered. I did. She stood up and stretched before walking around me and seemingly inspecting me. "You are six feet tall, correct?" 

 "Yes." 

 "You wear size ten shoes?" 

 "Usually." 

 She put her hands on my hips and asked, "A thirty-four waist?" 

 "Impressive." 

 "Excellent!" she exclaimed. 

 "What is excellent?" I asked. 

 "We are almost the same size," she informed me. I looked at her with a slightly confused look. She then announced, like the mother of a debutante, "You, my darling, are entering tomorrow night's amateur drag queen competition." 

 I gasped and confidently responded, "There is no way that is happening." 

 She returned to face me, her eyes never leaving mine. "This is non-negotiable. Now out of curiosity let's see what you are wearing under your I-am-straight disguise." She reached for my belt buckle and quickly undid my belt. She pulled on my pants button and it popped open. Her eyes still boring into mine, she unzipped me and put her hand directly on my slightly exposed cock. I shivered with anticipation, wanting her to drop to her knees and take my dick in her pretty little mouth. "My Paul, is this for me?" 

 I nodded my head just slightly. 

 "Oh honey, a girl needs to hear that she gets a boy excited," she explained, her hand rubbing my cock through the sheer pantyhose and panties. 

 I took a deep breath and crossed the invisible barrier that my body had been begging to cross all night. "Yes Flame, you got my penis all excited." 

 "Your penis?" she teased, her hand going inside my panties and gripping my erection. "Boys have a penis, men have cocks. Don't you mean your cock?" 

 "Yes, my cock. You got my cock so fucking hard," I moaned, her hand doing wonders. 

 She dropped to her knees and pulled my panties and pantyhose down to my knees and released my raging hard-on. She looked up at me and asked, "What do you want Flame to do next, Darling?" 

 I moaned, "Please suck me." 

 Her smile went even wider, "Baby, I will give you pleasure you can't even imagine. All you have to do is promise me one tiny, little thing." 

 "Anything," I moaned, her hand slowly sliding up and down my cock. 

 "Anything?" she repeated as a question. "You got to be careful what you say to a girl." 

 I stammered, long past caring about consequences, "What do you want me to do?" 

 "Enter the show tomorrow night," she informed me, her tongue flicking at my mushroom head, while she fondled my balls. 

 "Ahhhhhh," I let out before agreeing, "Fine, but I don't have any dance style." 

 "Don't you worry your pretty little head about the details, let Flame take care of all that." 

 "Ok," I stammered, while she took my balls in her mouth. It was an amazing stimulator and had me dying to feel her lips around my cock. 

 "Do you want me to suck your cock, Baby?" 

 "Please," I mumbled wanting nothing more. 

 She gave a sexy wink and engulfed my cock. I have no idea how she did it, but I felt like my cock was in a constant whirlpool. She used her tongue and lips to give me the best blow-job I had ever experienced. She kept a steady, but slow, pace, unlike most girls who just wanted to get it over with. She clearly loved sucking cock. "That feels so good Flame," I moaned a few minutes in. 

 She squeezed my ass in response and picked up the pace just a bit. Her hand on my ass slowly moved towards my no-enter zone. I stiffened as her finger parted my ass cheeks. She moved her finger between my cheeks while never missing a beat with the cock in her mouth. 

 I could feel my cum bubbling in my balls and warned, knowing most girls I had blow me didn't like to swallow, "I'm going to come soon." 

 She ignored my warning and instead surprised me by pushing her finger in my rosebud. The violation of my ass was a shock and much to my surprise seemed to send an electric shock through my body. While she slowly penetrated her finger deeper into my virgin asshole, she continued her masterly cocksucking. Less than minute of this focused teasing and pleasing and I shot my load down Flame's throat. Again, unlike most girls, she didn't miss a beat as she continued to suck my cock. Much to my surprise, my cock didn't shrivel like it usually did, but instead remained stiff as a missile ready for take-off. Her finger still in my ass, she took my cock out of her mouth. "Is my Baby ready to fuck me?" 

 I hesitated. It was one thing to get a blow-job from a drag queen, but fucking her made it officially a homosexual act. The hesitation didn't last long though. "Flame, that was the best blow-job I have ever had." 

 "I have heard that before. Wait till you fuck my tight pussy," she replied, standing up. She walked over to the couch, bent over and lifted up her dress. "Get over here baby, Flame needs her fire rekindled." 

 Long past the point of no return, I walked, well waddled really my pantyhose still half-way down my legs, and got behind the sexy drag queen. From behind there was no evidence that this she was a he. No cock hanging down, not one hair on her ass, just a tight ass, a red thong, and pantyhose with a hole cut open so I could have access to her pussy. "Are you ready?" 

 "Yeah Baby. Slide that beautiful cock in Flame's tight warm pussy. Flame's pussy is dying to feel you inside her," she purred. 

 Hearing her talk in third person was a turn-on for some reason and I slowly pushed my cock between her smooth white ass cheeks. She let out a soft moan when my cock broke through her tight opening. The feeling of my cock encased and squeezed in her pussy was the tightest sensation I had ever felt. As I pushed forward deeper into her lava warm pussy, I was in awe with the warmth. She purred, "Yes baby, fuck Flame. Fuck her warm pussy. Shove that big cock of yours deep into Flame's cunt." 

 I pushed deeper and soon watched my whole cock disappear into Flame's warmth. I have never felt such tightness. It was amazing. Once deep in her pussy, I began to slowly fuck her amazing pussy. Although I had fucked some girls who got a bit animated while I fucked them, Flame was so vocal and so sweet and nasty, an oxymoron of naughtiness. "That's it Baby, fuck Flame's pussy. Fuck it hard," or "Oh yes Darling, your cock feels so fucking perfect in Flame's cunt," or "Oh yes, Sugar, your cock was made for Flame," or "Yes Honey, fuck Flame all night long." Having already come once, this turned into a marathon fucking that lasted forever. The longer I fucked her amazing pussy, the more animated Flame got. "Oh my God Baby, that feels so fucking good in Flame's hotbox," to "Yes, Baby, yes, pound Flame's tight cunt," to "Oh my God, fuck the shit out of Flame." 

 Perspiration dripped down my forehead. I was desperate to please Flame. I soaked in every word out of her red glossy lips. "How does Baby like Flame's pussy?" she asked. 

 I grunted, "Flame has the best fucking pussy I have ever fucked." 

 "Are you close, Baby?" she asked, huffing herself. 

 "Very close," I moaned. 

 "Where do you want to come, Baby? In Flame's warm pussy? In Flame's sexy mouth? All over Flame's pretty face? You choose, sexy." 

 I continued the fast-paced pounding of her cunt and decided, having always wanted to give a girl a facial, but never having had the opportunity to, to come on her face. I sheepishly said, "I would love to come on Flame's face." 

 Flame quickly dropped to her knees and devoured the cock that was deep in her pussy just a few seconds prior. Unlike the first time, where she was gentle and slow, this time she bobbed up and down with determination. A couple of minutes of her warm mouth ravishing my cock and I felt my cum bubbling inside. Another thirty seconds and I pulled my cock out of Flame's perfect cocksucking mouth and began pumping my cock with my fist. Flame's saliva had created some good lubrication and I looked down at the intoxicating drag queen who had pulled me deep into her world of sin. Flame watched me intensely and continue her dirty talk, "Come on Baby, spray your cum all over Flame's face." She opened her mouth wide open and waited for my cum. She didn't have to wait long for me to coat her face with my love juice. The first stream hit her forehead and hair, the second hit her nose and the last big shot of goo hit her lips and cheek. As soon as I was done cumming, she gobbled my cock whole and retrieved every last drop of my cum. A couple of minutes later she let my now shrivelling cock out of her mouth and stood up. She went to her purse while I pulled my pantyhose and panties back up. She returned, her face still coated with my cum, and handed me a card, "I expect you at this address at 11 tomorrow morning." 

 Without even thinking or looking at the card, "I'll be there." 

 "I know you will, Baby," she said, rubbing my cock through my panties and pantyhose one last time. Her hand still on my cock, she leaned in and kissed me. Her tongue darted into my mouth. I could taste my cum on her lips. She broke the kiss and said, "I got to get home, Baby. I suggest you do the same. Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day, Darling." She let go of my cock and I pulled my pants back up. 

 Once dressed, we said goodbye and I left her room and returned to the bar. The show was long over and the bar was only half full. I kept my head down and headed out. 

 ***** 

 The next morning I woke up and replayed last night in my head. It had been the most sexually satisfying night of my life and it had been with a drag queen...with another man. I should have been ashamed, yet instead I felt my cock rise. She had given me the best blow-job I had ever experienced and she had the tightest hole I had ever plugged. My cock now hard, I didn't even pretend that I wasn't going to meet her. I was addicted. I only had one night left and there was no doubt about it, I was spending it with a drag queen...even if that meant I was going to be a drag queen too. 

 The thought of being dolled up was a great turn on; the thought of being on stage was a great fear. I showered, wished I had bought more panties and pantyhose before putting on the same undergarments I wore last night. A pair of jeans and a t-shirt that showcased my muscles finished the ensemble. I looked at the card again. The address was a spa. I took a cab and arrived fifteen minutes early. I walked in and went to the desk. 

 A pretty blonde greeted me and once I gave her my name her face changed and she said, "Ooooh, you're getting the full package." 

 "I am?" I asked, having no idea what she was talking about. 

 Her smile changed just a bit, as if she had a secret, "Yes, you are. Follow me." I looked around for Flame, but didn't see her. I really had no idea how to explain I was waiting for a friend without looking odd, so I kept quiet. I followed her and ended up in a room with a massage table on it. She said, "Get undressed and grab a robe." She paused and added, "Completely naked." She left so I could change and I wondered what I was getting myself into. I got undressed and hid my panties and pantyhose in my jeans. Once naked, I grabbed the soft white robe and waited. 

 I waited for a few minutes filled with trepidation before a petite Asian woman came in. Her green eyes were amazing and she ordered me to lie on my back on the massage table. I did and watched as she stirred what I would soon learn was wax. She moved my robe away and moved to my right leg. She coated my legs very liberally with the wax and then said in slightly choppy English, "This may hurt a bit." 

 I quickly learned that was the understatement of the year. The first pull of hair shocked the shit out of me, the second brought tears to my eyes. The next half hour was pure hell and I wondered why any woman would put herself through such sheer pain. Once both legs were as naked as a newborn, she told me to take off my robe and turn onto my stomach. Confused, I did as instructed and felt hot wax on my ass. A few minutes later, my ass was also hairless. She asked me to turn back onto my back. I did with apprehension and put my hands over my limp cock. She smiled for the first time and moved to my chest. Luckily my chest has very few hairs and thus was relatively painless in comparison to my legs and ass. The petite Asian surprised me one last time when she requested I move my hands and open my legs. I looked at her surprised before I realized what she intended for my loin area. I stammered, "No, no, no." 

 She slapped my hands sternly, "Stop being a diva. Flame asked for the whole package and that includes your privates. Now be a good boy and do as you are told." 

 The sudden tone change surprised me and got me slightly horny as I felt my cock flinch. 

 The smile that returned to her face told me she noticed, but didn't say anything. She coated my lion area with wax and a few quick sharp tugs, the majority of hair in my loin area had disappeared. She then used scissors and a razor and warned, "I wouldn't move if I were you." Wiser words had never been spoken. I just closed my eyes, held my breath and prayed. Suddenly, I felt her hand grab my cock and begin stroking it. I opened my eyes and watched her giving me a hand -ob. She explained, "Sorry, but I need you erect to finish the job." 

 "OK," I stammered. 

 Once I was completely erect she finished the job. Once done, she gave me a lengthy full body lotioning. She suggested I lay there for fifteen minutes to allow my skin to recover from the treatment. 

 After about ten minutes the lotion burning sensation was gone and I was feeling much better. I jumped when the door opened and Flame in a complete Cher ensemble entered. Without realizing I was doing it, I covered my private area with my hands. She smiled, "Are we playing shy now, Baby?" She slapped my hand away and said, "Let's see all of you, Darling." 

 I moved my hands to the side and felt like a piece of meat as she surveyed my totally exposed body. 

 "Wow, Baby, you look so pretty" she said, her hand sliding down my smooth legs. 

 Being called pretty is never what a man wants to hear, yet such words from my drag queen lover had me feeling great. "Thank you, Flame." It was so absurd, yet so right. 

 Surprising me once again, without warning, she took my cock in her mouth. The moment she deep-throated my cock I let out a loud gasp. This time she sucked me fast, taking my whole cock in her mouth with impressive ease. After a couple of minutes of deep-throat bobbing, a hand went between my legs and a finger slid in my asshole. This time she finger-fucked my ass with quick thrusts while devouring my dick. The finger-ass fucking was surprising amazing and gave me a pleasure I had never felt before. It was too much and I came in her mouth in under five minutes. Like last night, she swallowed all my cum and continued until there was nothing left to swallow. She stood back up and said, "That is one." 

 "One?" 

 "To be prepared for tonight you need to follow my diva philosophy, which includes being completely sexually drained by the time of your performance." 

 "OK," I said, not understanding what she meant. 

 "Part one is always having a hairless body. Part two is shooting your load at least three times a day, maybe more, to make sure you are completely focused when performing. Part three is always having the perfect outfit and make-up. The rest takes care of itself," she explained. She handed me my clothes. "Get dressed, Baby, it is time for us to get your outfit." 

 "Ok," I said, still bewildered by the whole plan. 

 I got dressed and she took my hand and led me out. We walked a few blocks, me feeling incredibly self-conscious at the fact that I was holding hands with a drag queen. Yet, other than a few tourists who stared like tourists do, no one seemed to bat an eye at two drag queens walking down the street holding hands. 

 We ended up at a beauty salon where I was led by Flame to a ridiculously beautiful redhead with massive breasts. Flame noticed I was starring at her breasts and smiled, "I am sorry honey, but she is a cunt-muncher." 

 The redhead smiled and asked me to sit down. The next hour I had a full pedicure and manicure and both my fingers and toes were painted bright pink, as girly a color as one could ever wear. The whole ordeal was one of the most relaxing and humiliating of my life. 

 Once done, the redhead, who I now knew was named Kelly, leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "I am looking forward to the show tonight." 

 I stammered, "Y-y-you are?" 

 "Oh yes, watching a sexy boy like you being feminized is so fucking hot," she whispered, her hot breath doing a number to my ear. 

 "I don't think I will be very good." Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Becoming a Drag Queen ****** bysilkstockingslover© "Oh Flame will have you looking so good I may want a piece of your pussy," she teased, her teeth biting my ear hard. 

 She stood up, me a horny mess, and said, "See you tonight, Princess." 

 I followed her ass as it slowly walked away, a wiggle so perfect she could be on the runway. 

 Flame, her permanent smile plastered on her face, warned, "You better be careful Darling, she won't let you fuck her, but she will fuck you." 

 It took me a few seconds to realize what she was implying. I stood up, paid and Flame took my hand again and led me out. We walked a couple of blocks and ended up in a small clothing store. 

 We entered and were instantly greeted by a flamboyantly dressed man. This voice confirmed my assumption that he was gay. "Hi, Darling," she greeted Flame with a kiss-each-cheek greeting. He then turned his gaze to me. "And you, Darling, must be Paul." 

 "I am," I responded feeling completely out of my element. 

 He looked me over for a bit before saying, "I got it!" and walked into the backroom. 

 Flame smiled. "He is a bit hard to take, but he is the best." 

 We waited a couple of minutes before he came back out, all annoyed, "Are you coming back here or what?" 

 Flame grabbed my hand. Her fingers intertwined with mine and she led me to the backroom. 

 I was amazed. It was a big room with three walls of mirrors and two full racks of crazy clothing. 

 He said, "So Paul can you dance?" 

 "I don't think so," I replied. 

 Flame interrupted, "Martin Darling, let me worry about the dancing. You get him in costume." 

 "Fine, fine, fine," Martin muttered, clearly annoyed at not having complete control. "Get undressed," he ordered like a gay drill sergeant. 

 I looked at Flame who nodded her head. 

 I got undressed for the second time that day. Martin watched and smiled when he saw my pink underwear. Once I got completely naked, Martin looked me over and disappeared again. 

 I looked at Flame and noticed she was texting. I asked, "Who're you texting?" 

 "A bottom," she said casually. 

 I repeated, confused, "A bottom?" 

 She smiled, "Yes. A bottom is s gay boy whose ass is used for fucking. A true bottom lives for anal sex and they are usually, but not always, very submissive." 

 "Oh," I said, still confused. 

 "We will need a bottom at the bar for before you go on." 

 "Why?" I asked. 

 "Well as much as I would love to feel that delicious hammer stick of yours in my tight cunt, my costume tonight doesn't really give convenient access. And you will definitely need to come before you go on." 

 "I will?" I asked, my cock involuntary rising against my will. 

 "Trust me, Baby, I am going to make you the hottest fucking drag queen of the night." 

 My cock was completely erect when Martin returned with a handful of lingerie. "My, my, my and what were you two talking about?" he joked as he dropped the clothing on a nearby table. 

 He handed me a gold thong, "Try this on, sweetheart." 

 Being called sweetheart should have been insulting, yet instead it flattered me. I put the dental floss like underwear on. Not surprisingly, it did very little to keep in my package. Next he handed me a garter belt and Flame assisted putting it on me. This was followed by white stockings. I sat down and Flame assisted again, sliding each silk stocking up my hairless legs. She took her time, moving her hands slowly up my leg. My stiff cock begged for attention, her sweet mouth so close to my loin area. Once both stockings were on, I remained seated as Martin brought me half a dozen different shoes and a couple of pairs of boots. 

 For the next fifteen minutes, Flame put each pair of footwear on me and had me walk around with the heels. She started with small heels, but eventually I was stumbling in three inch pumps. She asked me to walk like I was on a runway. I tried, but it just didn't seem natural. Flame never got discouraged with my struggles and finally said, "Baby, the problem is that you are thinking too much about it. I have a pretty unorthodox plan to make you focus. Do you trust me?" 

 The question startled me, but the reality was I did trust her. "Yes, Flame, I trust you completely." 

 "Excellent baby, take off that thong," she instructed. While I took off the thong, which included unhooking and rehooking my garter belt, Flame went to her oversized purse. When she returned, she had a bottle of what looked like lotion and something black and plastic. I was actually that naive that I really had no idea what she had in mind. She took my hand and had me go behind the chair. She instructed, "Ok Baby, bend over and get a good solid grip on the chair." 

 I was beginning to realize what she had in mind. It was one thing to have a finger inserted in my butt, but something completely different to have what was obviously a butt plug inserted in me. Regardless of my trepidation, I bent over, an odd excitement building inside me. 

 "I am assuming darling, that my finger was the first time you had something in your backdoor?" 

 "Yes Mistress," I said and then realized my oops. I stammered, "I-I- I mean...Flame." 

 "Mistress," Flame said, her voice clearly overjoyed by my accidental word choice, "I like that." She pulled my ass cheeks apart and surprised me completely when instead of a toy being inserted, it was her tongue. 

 I gave a soft moan. Her tongued rimmed my asshole and occasionally broke the barrier slightly. Her tongue in my rosebud was so taboo, so nasty, yet so completely exhilarating. I briefly wanted her to fuck me, something two days ago I would never have really considered seriously. Just as quick as she had buried her face between my ass cheeks, she withdrew and warned, "Hold still Baby, this may hurt a bit." 

 I grabbed a solid hold on the chair and a few seconds later felt the cold lubrication between my cheeks. That was followed by the slow opening of my ass by the black toy. As warned, a burn filled my ass and I just held on for dear life as the plug was inserted in my ass. The pain didn't disappear, but it did drop to just a simmering reminder. 

 Flame called, "Martin get me some gaff panties, bright pink." 

 Martin hollered back, "I'll be a couple of minutes." 

 While she waited, Flame said, "Now Baby, you sat really well for that. You deserve a reward later." 

 I wondered what kind of reward she had in mind. Anticipation quickly took hold of me. 

 She asked, her hand slowly stroking my dick, "Would you like a reward, Baby?" 

 "Yes," I moaned. 

 "Do you want to fuck Martin?" 

 "What?" I answered, surprised by the blunt question. 

 "You know Martin is gay?" 

 "I assumed as much." 

 "He won't take money for his services but he will expect you to pleasure him," Flame explained casually like she was discussing the weather. 

 I was stunned, yet really it wasn't much different than fucking Flame last night. The only difference was the outside packaging. I responded, "I see." 

 "He will want you to fuck his ass and," she added, one more surprise in my bizarre weekend, "he will want to tape it." 

 "No way," I defended, suddenly in panic mode, "If anyone ever knew, I would be done." 

 "Oh don't worry, Baby, you will be in full make-up and wig by then; you will be unrecognizable." 

 "Ok," I said, breathing a huge sigh of relief and then realizing I had just agreed to fuck a guy on tape. 

 Martin returned with pink panties and when he saw what Flame had put a toy in my ass, he smiled, "That's how it always starts." 

 I didn't catch on then to his foreshadowing comment, as I was distracted by Flame who put the new panties on me. Flame pulled me up and said, "Now walk." 

 I did, and with each step I felt the sharp reminder of what was in my rectum. That said, much to my shock, the distraction in my rear had me not focusing on my high heels. After a couple of minutes, Flame jubilantly said, "It never fails. You look super sexy, Baby." 

 I blushed at the compliment and, feeling more confident now, began to move and saunter and wiggle a bit. 

 A cat-call from Martin, "You go girl," brought me back to reality and I stumbled and fell backwards on my ass. The toy was shoved way deeper in my ass than I ever thought possible or imaginable. I screamed in pain. 

 Flame quickly pulled me up. "You better get use to the cat calls, Baby; tonight you are going to have the boys drooling all over you." 

 Martin grabbed a plastic thing and came over. "All right, let's get you some tits." 

 Flame and Martin worked together to put me in this bra with large, I later learned D cups. They were heavier than I thought. Once I had my breasts, I looked in the mirror and was shocked to see I had a nice rack. Martin grabbed some clothes from the table and returned with a gold dress. Again working together, Martin and Flame got the dress on over my body and new tits. 

 Once done, Martin backed up and looked at me, "Well we are getting closer." 

 Flame led me to another room, in this bigger-than-it-looked building. It was a make-up room. I sat down and Martin worked on my face. He worked with delicate precision and once done he said, "Keep your eyes closed, sexy." 

 I heard him leave and kept my eyes closed, even though I was darn curious. He returned and put a wig on my head. He moved it around a bit and in a dramatic voice said, "Ta-da." 

 I opened my eyes and looked into the mirror at a beautiful woman. I could not believe it was me. Was it even possible for me to become so feminine I could easily pass for a woman? I had luscious long blonde hair and my make-up was a mixture of colors that brought out my blue eyes. My lips looked like someone else's, the ruby red lipstick making me look like a fifties pin-up. I would fuck me. 

 "Well," Martin said, "you look amazing. You will knock them dead tonight, Paula." 

 "Paula," I repeated. 

 "Yes, it seems a natural shift," he shrugged. "Now let's go show Flame her new pet." 

 "Pet," I repeated in a daze, staring at the new me in the mirror. 

 "Yes pet, you have been pulled into her web and trust me you will never want to leave." 

 "But I fly back home tomorrow," I explained. 

 "You'll be back," he said smugly and led me back to the room of mirrors. "Wait here." 

 I waited, spinning Martin's words in my head. I was having a blast, yes. I was intoxicated by Flame, yes. But I was still going home tomorrow. The door opened, I heard music start playing, Gloria Gaynor's 'I Will Survive' and he announced, "And now, for the first time ever, I introduce you to the elegant, the vivacious, Paula Pound-me." 

 I gasped at my naughty name and my cock flinched under my gown. Attempting to make Flame proud, I took a deep breath, and strutted out attempting to look like a runway model. 

 "Oh my God Martin, you have really outdone yourself this time," Flame said, her voice giddy with excitement. 

 Building on Flame's excitement, I strutted over to her and walked around her, slapping her ass. She let out a surprise yelp and purred, "What is getting into my pet?" 

 There was that word 'pet' again. Somehow coming out of her mouth it seemed so much more natural than it had when Martin. I bathed in her approval and the thought of being her pet. I was beginning to revel in her words...even though I had no idea what being her pet would even begin to entail. I continued my attempt at sexy as the song got to the chorus. I shook my body and only wobbled a couple times. Once I got into the groove of the music, an unknown part of me took over and I became the drag queen. I got into the rhythm and became someone I had never been: confident. When the song ended, both Flame and Martin clapped and whistled at me. 

 I did an attempted curtsy and stumbled. 

 Flame asked Martin, "So Martin, what kind of payment are you wanting from my pet?" 

 "Can I get a buy one, get one free?" he asked, while he unbuckled his pants. 

 Flame shrugged, "I don't see why not. What do you think my pet? Do you want to have Martin wrap his amazing cocksucking lips around your big cock? Then once he has you primed for fucking you can fuck his tight ass?" 

 Two days ago I would have run away and never looked back. Then again two days ago I would never have thought I would be completely dressed as a woman either. So perspective is important. Martin was already completely naked and for such a skinny guy he had a huge nine-inch cock. I was in awe. He smiled seeing me stare at his rod. Martin walked over to me and dropped to his knees and said, "Pull up your gown, Paula." 

 I did and he pulled my panties down and took my cock in his mouth. Like Flame, he had an amazing mouth. I don't know who was better and didn't care, I just savoured the pleasure I was receiving. He sucked my cock for about ten minutes before he pulled my cock out of his mouth and said, "Fuck me, faggot." 

 I couldn't believe he called me faggot. Even after everything, this was a new spin of what I had become. Was I a faggot? I had fucked a drag queen, allowed a gay man to suck me off and was about to fuck the same man. Yet, I hadn't sucked a cock or taken one in my ass, but I was currently standing with a butt plug in my butt...so again perspective. So I ignored the name-calling and followed him to a chair where he ordered, "Take off your gown, faggot." 

 A chill went up my spine at both the dominant tone he used and the condescending way he called me faggot. I obeyed. 

 "Now sit on that chair, faggot," he ordered. 

 I again obeyed, quickly sitting down on the wooden chair, the plug in my ass pushing up my rectum. He straddled me and impressively lowered his ass onto my fully erect cock. I watched in perverse awe as my cock disappeared up his poop chute. My whole cock disappeared and he sat on my lap, my cock buried up his butt. He asked, "Do you like your cock in my ass, faggot?" 

 "Yes," I moaned. 

 "Are you a faggot?" he asked, while he ground his ass on my cock. 

 I stammered, "I-I-I don't know." 

 "Yes you do, faggot," Martin said, "You are a faggot. You don't only want to fuck my ass, you want to suck my cock don't you, faggot?" 

 The irony of being called a faggot by a guy with a cock in his ass was obvious, yet my cock buried in his ass felt so good, I told him what he wanted to hear. 

 "Yes, I'm a faggot," I resigned. 

 "Oh come on, faggot," he said, beginning to ride my cock, "Tell me how much you love my ass." 

 The sensation of my cock in his ass and how he somehow seemed to squeeze his ass cheeks around my rod was so amazing that the words I said next were completely true. "Your ass feels so fucking hot. I love fucking your tight ass." 

 "So you are a faggot?" he asked, stopping his slow motion fucking of my cock. 

 "Yes, dammit," I admitted, wanting to feel his tight warmth, "I am a faggot." 

 "And a cocksucker?" he added on the humiliation. 

 "Yes and a cocksucker," I agreed, "Now please ride my cock." 

 He obliged, riding my cock at a new fast pace. Each time his ass fell onto my lap, it felt like a sweet slap of sin. 

 "Does faggot want to come?" 

 "Yes," I moaned. 

 "What will you do to come?" he asked, my cock fully lodged in his ass. 

 "Whatever you want." 

 "You will suck my cock, my pretty little faggot?" 

 The words out of my mouth surprised me, "Yes." 

 "You really are a faggot," Martin said, standing up and allowing my cock to plop out of his ass. He turned around and presented his cock to my mouth. 

 I took a deep breath and officially accepted that I was a faggot. I opened my mouth and leaned forward but was stopped by Martin's words. "Wait faggot. A good little girly faggot like you, needs to beg to have a real cock in her cocksucking mouth. Beg, faggot. " 

 The humiliation seemed to just build layer by layer. I looked at Flame who was watching intently. She mouthed 'Do it, pet.' 

 I let out a slight sigh before begging, "Martin, can I suck your big hard cock?" 

 "And you are a faggot, right?" 

 "Yes, I am a faggot," I repeated, like a mantra. 

 "And you want to be a cocksucker?" 

 "Yes, I want to be a faggot cocksucker," I replied, adding the word faggot for some reason. 

 "And you will be a good little girl tonight?" 

 I wasn't sure what he meant by that, but I played along, "I will be a good little girl tonight." 

 "You will do as you are told little girl?" 

 "Yes," I replied. 

 "You hear that Flame?" Martin called. 

 "I sure did," she called back. 

 "Suck my cock, baby girl." 

 I opened my mouth and took my first cock in my mouth. I didn't know what I was doing, but decided to try and replicate what Martin and Flame had done to me. I created extra saliva in my mouth and began to slowly move back and forth. Martin, clearly a dominant persona, continued his demeaning treatment of me, "You are a very pretty faggot, Paula. I knew as soon as you walked in today you would be sucking my cock." 

 I just kept sucking his cock, slowly attempting to take more of his big cock in my mouth. 

 "That's it baby girl, you love my cock don't you?" 

 I took his cock out of my mouth and said, already addicted to his cock, "I love your cock." 

 "You want to swallow my cum, faggot?" 

 "Yes." 

 "You want to become a cum deposit, faggot?" 

 "I don't know what you mean?" 

 "Swallow load after load of semen between your girly cocksucking lips, faggot," Martin clarified. 

 "Yes, I'll be a perfect cocksucking cum deposit," I played along. 

 "Is that a promise, faggot?" 

 "Yes, I promise," I said, taking his cock back into my mouth. I was now eager and desperate to make him come. To be a good cocksucker, a good faggot, a good little girl. I changed my pace to quick back and forth bobs. 

 "That's it faggot, you will be a very good little cocksucker tonight, won't you?" 

 I moaned a yes without missing a beat or really completely hearing the question. My determination to make this faggot come in my mouth was making me a faggot in return. 

 "That feels really good, faggot," he moaned. His moan was music to my ears. His cock in my mouth, I suddenly felt powerful. I controlled his orgasm. I had the power and the thrill of making him happy had me horny as hell. "Don't slow down, faggot, you have me close." I went faster, wanting nothing more than to swallow his cum. "I'm coming faggot, don't you dare spill any." I continued bopping like a dirty whore and was rewarded with my first taste of salty cum. I kept sucking his cock, swallowing it all, like a good faggot. A minute later, Martin pulled his cock out of my mouth and without a word straddled back onto my cock and began riding. I sat there and watched his skinny man just bounce up and down on my cock like it was a pogo stick. "Come in my ass, faggot," he grunted. "I want to feel your hot cum dripping out my ass." A minute later he continued the nasty talk, between his own moans, "Fuck your cock feels good in my ass, faggot. Tell me what you are." 

 I grunted, my cum beginning to boil, "I'm a faggot. A cocksucking faggot. A dirty little girl whose body was made to be used. To be fucked. To be owned." I couldn't believe the words escaping my mouth in my about-to-come state. 

 "Come in me faggot. Become our faggot. Become our cock slave. Your mouth and ass made for our 

 pleasure. You want that don't you, faggot?" 

 "Yes, Master," I grunted, my cum exploding in his ass, "I am yours." He continued to ride my cock as I unloaded in his ass. Once done, he got off and gobbled my cock one last time. 

 A couple of minutes later, Martin was getting dressed and Flame handed me my gown. "That was the hottest thing I have ever watched. I am going to watch it over and over again." 

 That was when I remembered the video. I looked around and saw there were cameras in all four corners. 

 "And wow baby, you are way nastier then I even imagined." She leaned in and kissed me. It lasted a minute or two before she broke it and helped me get dressed again. 

 She decided the garter was a mistake and instead put on dark tan thigh highs. Once I was dressed again, she added a few pieces of jewellery, including a gold ankle bracelet. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Becoming a Drag Queen ****** bysilkstockingslover© Now that I was a pretty diva again, I realized I was famished, I said, "Flame, I am starving." 

 "I imagine so." she teased, her voice dripping with sexual innuendo. 

 I blushed like a naughty schoolgirl. 

 She grabbed my hand and said dramatically, "Well let's introduce you to the world." 

 It was then I realized I was going to be in public dressed as a drag queen. But I rationalized I was in a different city, a different country actually, so it was very unlikely anyone would know me. I followed along, wondering how much of a pet I was becoming. 

 She took me to a restaurant in Little Italy and we sat out on the patio while we waited for food. Not surprisingly, we got plenty of looks: from curious, to confused, to disgusted, to impressed. 

 I won't bore you with all the details of our lunch conversation, but I will say it was like a date. I told my life story, my interests, my failed marriage and my hopes for the future. She shared her story as well, including realizing she was different at a young age and how she left home at eighteen to find herself and had never been home since. Once done, we went back to her pad, a small but cozy place in Little Italy. 

 She led me to her bed and undressed me before she suggested, "Take a nap, Darling, tonight is going to be the best night of your life and you will need to be well rested." Although her tone hinted at something naughty, I felt my eyes suddenly get heavy, and I collapsed on the bed. My head was spinning with the events of the day so far and the events still to come. In a couple of minutes I was out. 

 I woke up to the sweet sensation of Flame's lips wrapped around my cock. 

 I don't know how long she had been playing with my cock, but it was fully erect inside her cocksucking mouth. I let out a moan and flirted, completely out of character, "What a great way to be woken up." 

 Now knowing I was awake, she changed techniques from slow and gentle to fast and aggressive. I had already come twice that today, so I assumed this would take a while. After a couple of more minutes, she quit and said, "It's time, Baby." 

 I looked at the clock, disappointed and suddenly riddled with anxiety, but saw it was only six. "Isn't it a bit early?" 

 "Oh, I meant it is time for you to get your pussy fucked," she said, her usual smile on her face. 

 I knew, or I assumed, this would happen and it was the one thing I wasn't sure I could do. My look of nervousness must have been obvious because her gentle soothing voice comforted, "Don't worry Baby, Flame knows what you want. You want Flame to fuck your little pussy, don't you, Paula?" 

 Her calm voice, talking to me as if I was a girl, relaxed me. Flame assisted in flipping me over onto all fours. She parted my ass cheeks with her soft hands and slid her tongue between them. She rimmed my ass with her tongue and teased my rosebud. The feeling was thoroughly enjoyable and got me so hot I wanted her to put a finger in. My ass was craving being penetrated. My moans increased and I surprised myself when I begged, "Flame, please fuck your little girl's pussy." 

 "My little girl," she teased, her finger penetrating me, her newly named slut. 

 "Yes, I'm yours Flame," I moaned as her finger went deeper in. 

 "Just for tonight?" she questioned. 

 I hesitated wondering how to answer this. The last day and a half had been the most amazing time of my life. Not just the amazing sex, but also our conversation at lunch as well. I was completely intoxicated by this drag queen. I didn't want to leave tomorrow. Her finger sat fully in my butt waiting my response. "I want more," I admitted. 

 "How much more?" she asked, giving me three quick sharp pumps, that burned so very good. 

 "I don't know," I confessed, "I just know that I want to be your pet." 

 "A pet is always obedient," she pointed out. 

 "I will always obey you, Mistress," I moaned, attempting to buck back on her finger. I added the word Mistress on purpose this time. I wanted her to know how much I wanted to please her. 

 "Mistress again. You are a submissive little pet aren't you?" she teased, slapping my ass semi-hard. "Sit still, my slut." 

 I obeyed. 

 "A good pet is always loyal," she added. 

 "I will do anything you ask, Mistress," I again announced, giving myself completely to this drag queen I was falling for. 

 "Anything?" she purred, her fingers leaving my ass, "That is a pretty big promise, Princess." 

 I felt the bed move and assumed she was getting ready to fuck me. I couldn't believe I was on all fours desperately waiting to feel a drag queen's cock to fuck my ass, my pussy. "Yes, anything, Mistress." I repeated. 

 I felt her hands on my ass, "I want you to come back here next month." 

 I felt her cock between my ass cheeks, "Yes, Mistress, I can make that work." 

 Her cock at my pussy entrance. "I want you to look for work here, my pet." 

 My pussy was opening for the first time for a cock. I thought about it. I had nothing keeping me back home, only restrictions and societal expectations that kept me from being who I really was, who I had always wanted to be. "I will try, Mistress." 

 "You will, Princess," she said, "that is very exciting." Her cock now was slowly attempting to break inside my virgin pussy, the last remaining taboo being broken. There was no going back, I was a faggot. Although there was a burning, searing pain as Flame went deeper into my tight cunt, the thrilling feeling of submission dulled the pain. I wanted to be fucked. I wanted to be treated like a faggot, like a dirty little slut. I wanted to be owned by Flame. It was so wrong, yet it seemed so right. 

 "How does my cock feel, Princess?" she asked. 

 "Goooood," I moaned, from the pleasure of submission and being called a Princess. My pussy stretched easier than I imagined possible and then she hit my prostate gland. 

 "Your pussy is so fucking tight, my pet." 

 The words out of my mouth shocked me, "Harder Mistress, please go deeper into my pussy." 

 She purred, "You are a nasty little Princess, aren't you?" 

 "Yes, Mistress, I'm your nasty slut Princess," I moaned, eager for more. She pushed in deeper, my pussy stretching to accommodate Mistress's big cock. I could feel every inch of her cock as she spread me open for the first time. Each thrust in me brought new pleasure, while each withdrawal had me eager for more and feeling empty inside, craving to be filled again. I couldn't believe how each thrust in my virgin hole sent a pleasure pulse directly to my cock. I had never felt such pleasure. I worried I might come without being touched. 

 "That's it Baby, you are such a pretty girl. You have such s beautiful pussy, Darling," she complimented, her hard cock buried in my pussy. "Bounce back on my cock, Princess." 

 I obeyed, eager to feel the thrill of being fucked. I started slow, but once comfortable, I began to bounce back onto Flame's stiff cock, trying to fill my pussy completely. 

 "Oh yeah, Princess, you are such s hot little fuck, so damn tight, so fucking eager. You love my cock, don't you, Princess?" 

 "Yes, I love it so much Mistress," I moaned, never having felt such pleasure and sexual liberation in my life. I was a faggot. I loved a being fucked in my pussy, my cunt, my ass, whatever naughty term one wanted to use. 

 We got into a constant rhythm, and each bounce back on her glorious pleasure stick sent a jolt directly to my cock. After a few minutes, where the only sounds where grunts, moans and the sound of my ass slapping back on her, Flame announced, "It's time to christen my pet with my cum. Where do you want it, Princess?" 

 Curious to feel what having my pussy sprayed with cum would feel like, I begged, "My cunt, Mistress, fill my tight cunt with your juice. Make me your bitch." 

 She held my hips, adjusted her angle, and began to fuck me like a jackhammer. The new angle brought new burning pain and new intense pleasure. I screamed, I whimpered, I moaned like a dirty whore. In this new position, her cock rubbed against my prostrate and brought a new pleasure I can't explain. The first time she hit my prostate, it was like a drug had been released in my body and I was on a sexual pleasure high. 

 A couple of minutes in this position and I heard her breathing get heavier and heavier until the inevitable explosion occurred. "I'm coming, Princess, I'm coming in your cunt." 

 The hard strokes continued and I soon was rewarded by the hot warm juice of my Mistress. The new sensation was so amazing. My cock had spasms and I felt my cum desperate to explode, but seemingly in orgasm denial. I wanted to come; I needed to come; but I couldn't get past the invisible barrier holding my cum inside. Flame reached around, grabbed my cock and with one quick pumped the barrier was released and I shamefully and thankfully ejaculated all over Flame's satin bed sheets. Even after all the amazing ejaculations I had experienced the past twenty-four hours, this was a new high. My cock kept having spasm after spasm, each one bringing a new jolt of orgasmic bliss. Slowly, Flame pulled her cock out of my no longer virgin cunt and I could feel cum leaking out of me. It was so naughty, no degrading, so humiliating and yet so fucking liberating. This was who I had always wanted to be, but never really knew it. 

 I collapsed forward, laying in my own cum, completely sexually spent. Flame fell beside me and cuddled me, holding me like a man holds a woman. Oddly, in the taboo hold, I felt as safe and secure as I ever had in my life. But all good things come to an end and Flame suggested, "Go have a shower, Baby and then we will get you ready for your stage debut." 

 A half hour later, I was showered and Flame then did her magic. She got me dressed first with new panties and stockings, because I had a tear in the earlier pair. Once dressed, she went to work on my new persona, my makeup. She spent half an hour; clearly she was a perfectionist. Once she was done, she put on my long blonde hair. She looked at me a long time. The silence killed me before she finally announced, "You are almost as hot as me." 

 I smiled, "You can't beat perfection, Mistress." 

 "So true," she replied with a wink. She glanced at the clock, and then in a frantic panic shrieked out, "We have less than two hours to practice your routine!" She grabbed my hand and led me back to the living room. She popped on the CD and said, "Show me what you got, Princess." 

 Nerves came a flooding back, but I attempted to impress Flame. I wobbled a bit, the heels still being a delicate balance between sultry sexy and breaking an ankle. The song played a dozen times, each time Flame adding a new move to the routine. Each time I got better and more confident. Finally, Flame announced, "I think you are ready, Baby." 

 "Thank goodness, my feet are already killing me," I said, collapsing on the couch and taking off my heels. 

 Flame joined me on the couch and took my stocking-covered feet in her hands and massaged them. Her gentle touch immediately made my feet feel better. Twenty minutes later, my cock shockingly erect again from the massage, Flame stood up. "Time to go, Baby." 

 "OK," I replied, my obvious insecurity shining through. 

 "You will be amazing, Princess," she said and kissed me gently on the lips. "I'd kiss you so passionately you'd want to be fucked again, but I don't want to mess up your lipstick." She grabbed my hand and we were off. A short wait for a taxi and we were there. 

 We got out of the cab and Flame reached for my hand. Anxiety brimming through me, I said, "I am not sure I can do this." 

 "Oh Baby, you can and you will," her tone showing just a tinge of authority. Before I could respond, she grabbed my hand and led me into the club. It was only half full, but I felt every pair of eyes in the place checking me out. 

 "Who is your new friend?" a chubby drag queen asked. 

 "Paula Pound-me," Flame replied. 

 "Oh really," the chubby woman said, a devious smile on her face. 

 A good-looking blonde male walked over and gave Flame a hug. Flame introduced me, "Gary, this is Paula Pound-me, she is a first time performer." 

 He looked at me with a sweet smile, "I love your name." 

 "Thanks," I said, as he took my hand and kissed it. 

 Flame asked, "Gary, have you?" 

 "No, but I think I just found the perfect place to deposit it," he said, staring at me. I looked away, self-conscious. 

 "I think she would like that very much," Flame offered. 

 "I'll be there in five, what room?" Gary asked. 

 "Eight," Flame replied. 

 "Eight is great," Gary joked and kissed my hand one more time before going to the bar. 

 Flame explained, "Gary has a rep. One, he has the best tasting cum I have ever tasted. Two, he only shoots his first load of the evening in the mouth of someone he has never been with before." 

 "Really?" I said, a bit stunned and realizing where this was going. 

 "And tonight, you are his newbie." 

 "Oh." 

 "Unless you don't want to?" Flame asked. 

 Not wanting to disappoint, I squelched my fears. "No, I want to," I said a bit too eagerly. As soon as I said it, I realized I indeed did. 

 Flame suggested, "Let's get you to your room." 

 Flame led me to my room. Once inside, she said, "Well, I am going to socialize. I will be back in a bit." 

 "You're leaving me?" I asked, suddenly petrified. 

 She smiled, "I'll be back. And Gary likes alone time with his newbies." 

 As if on call, there was a knock on the door. Flame smiled and said, "Have fun, Princess." She went to the door and opened it. Flame whispered something in Gary's ear which made him chuckle. 

 "Have fun you two," Flame called back, just as she closed the door. 

 Gary walked over to me and said, "So pretty girl, Flame tells me you are still quite new at this." 

 "Yes," I replied, looking down, avoiding eye contact. 

 "Well, they say practice makes perfect," he responded, and pulled down his pants. He had no underwear on and I was looking directly at the biggest cock I had ever seen. "Impressive isn't it?" 

 I stammered, "It-it-it is soooo big." 

 "I know, the girls, the faggots, the drag queens, all love it. It is the second biggest one here." 

 "There is a bigger one?" I asked, unbelieving. 

 "Yes. Big Rod has an eleven inch black hammer. Mine is a just over ten. Do you like?" 

 "Y-y-y-yes," I stammered, again. 

 "You want to suck it, don't you?" he asked, confidently. 

 "Yes," I replied, the stammer gone. 

 "How bad?" he teased, his hand on my shoulder pushing me to my knees. 

 "Desperately," I responded, now face to cock with his massive snake. 

 "It's all yours," he offered. 

 I opened my mouth, leaned forward and took the curved head of his cock in between my red cocksucking lips. 

 "That's nice, Paula, take your time. My cock is worth savouring." 

 I did as he suggested, luxuriously sucking on his head. Slowly, I took more of his cock in my mouth, bit by bit. Once I started sucking his delicious cock, I felt like this was my purpose in life, to suck cock. I loved the power of being on my knees and deciding when he could come. I craved his cum. I sucked slow, then fast, then slow again, attempting to get extra saliva in my mouth to enhance the sensation my cocksucking mouth was giving this beautiful stranger. I don't know how long I sucked, over twenty minutes, long enough for my jaw to be sore, before I noticed his legs straighten. I was rewarded a few seconds later with the sweetest tasting cum I had tasted in my short cocksucking life. So much cum sprayed my mouth, I couldn't swallow it all and some hit the floor. I kept sucking until he pushed my head away. "You are one of the most eager little fairies I have ever allowed the privilege of pleasing me." 

 Absurdly, I responded, "Thanks." 

 He pointed to the ground, "You missed some." 

 Craving more of his cum, I dropped to the floor and licked up his cum. 

 He chuckled, "You are a very good little faggot. I may let you get some of my cum again, someday." 

 Getting back up to see him put his package back in his pants, "I would love that very much." 

 He pulled me up and said, "The show will be starting soon. You may want to freshen up a bit." 

 Looking in the mirror, I agreed, "I think you are right." 

 "Some other time, Paula," he finished and left me alone in my room. 

 A few minutes later, me a bundle of nerves, Flame returned. "Was he as tasty as I promised?" 

 "God, yes," I replied, sounding a little too eager. 

 "Let's finish getting you ready, Baby. Are you horny?" 

 "Yes." 

 "I figured you would," she said smiling, "you are insatiable." 

 "Well...." 

 "Simon, get in here," she called out. 

 My door opened again and in came a guy as gay as they come. 

 Flame said, "Simon here is a bottom or fluffer here at the club." 

 I already knew what a bottom was, so I asked, "What is a fluffer?" 

 "In porn it is the girl who keeps the guy hard between scenes. At this club, it is the guy who sucks cock and swallows so that the entertainment doesn't get hard while on stage." 

 "Oh," was all that escaped my lips. 

 "So we need to get that last load out of you, my pet." 

 "OK." 

 "Do you want to fuck Simon's tight bottom or face-fuck his sweet lips. He likes it rough." 

 I looked at this timid-looking kid and wondered about him liking it rough. It seemed so impossible. He seemed so timid and shy, like someone who would be online playing dungeons and dragons. 

 I knew instantly I wanted both. I wanted his bottom and I wanted to face-fuck him. I had all this bottled up tension knowing I was about to go on stage and felt the best way to release it was a hardcore domination of such a faggot. After being used by Martin, Greg and to a lesser extent Flame, it was my turn to be in power. I ordered, lifting up my dress, "Let's see what that cute cocksucking mouth can do." 

 Simon still hadn't spoken, but he walked over, dropped to his knees and took my cock in his mouth. Once my cock was in his mouth, he changed. He bobbed back and forth, deep-throating my cock on each bob. Somehow each time his mouth came back up, he swirled his tongue, snake-like, around my head. It was fucking amazing. Such cocksucking usually would have had me coming in minutes, but having already shot my load three times, I was not even close. After probably ten minutes of consistent deep-throat cocksucking, I decided to test out his bottom. I pulled out of his perfect mouth and ordered, "Let's try your bottom, bottom." 

 He quickly got out of his jeans and underwear and I had him bend over on the end of the couch. I pulled his skinny ass cheeks apart and slowly slid in. Not worried about his pleasure or whether I hurt him a bit, I buried my cock in his bottom and began to pump in and out. I held his hips and thrust in hard each time, treating him like a personal fuck-toy. The sounds coming out of his mouth were whimpers so girly, I almost forgot he was a guy. I began to sweat and oddly, like the diva I was about to be, worried about my make-up. So I ordered my little bottom, "Bounce back on my cock, slut. Work for my cum." 

 If I thought I was going deep and fast when I was fucking him, that was nothing to how deep my cock went in him when he was fucking me. His whimpers were high- pitched squeals really, made each time he bounced back on my dick. Somehow on top of his fast-paced bouncing, he managed to squeeze his asshole on my cock. It was amazing and I knew my cum was coming soon. Wanting to face-fuck him still, I pulled out, turned him around and shoved my cock back in his mouth. I held his head and pumped his mouth like it was a pussy. Somehow he didn't gag, but enjoyed my assault on his face. It took less than two minutes and I exploded my cum down this bottom's amazing mouth. Once completely spent, I pulled out. 

 Simon pulled his pants back up and, still never saying a word, left. Flame, who had watched the whole fuck session, finally spoke, "I was worried you were never going to cum. You are on in ten or fifteen minutes." Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Becoming a Drag Queen ****** bysilkstockingslover© Anxiety returned again and I panicked, "Oh my God. How am I going to do this?" 

 "You are such a silly goose," she said, slapping my ass. "You are going to be amazing, although I need to fix your face." She pulled out the make-up and touched me up. 

 A knock on the door signalled I was next. I thought I might puke, but just calmed myself by reminding myself no one here knew me. 

 Flame did a once over for me and declared, "You are perfect, my Princess. Now go and live out one more fantasy of yours. Go be a diva." She kissed me on both cheeks and reached for my hand. She led me out and to the stage and promised, "I'll be watching from the floor, Baby." One last hug and she was gone. 

 The song ended of whoever was on stage before me and I heard a smattering of applause. I took a deep breath and waited to be introduced. A minute later I heard a female announce, "Up next, all the way from the land of snow, and performing for the first time ever, is the luscious, the vivacious, the sexy, Paula Pound-me." 

 My song started and after taking one more last deep breath I sauntered onto stage. The place was packed. I almost turned around and ran away, but I saw Flame dead center. I did my routine, awkwardly at first, but as the catcalls and whistling began, I gained confidence. And when the money started being waved at me, a thrilling chill went up my spine, like it always did when my sports team won. I winked at the first sexy guy to wave a bill at me, and I blew a kiss to the second. I began to get more confident and began to move like a stripper might. I bumped and grinded, I shook, I teased. The crowd was going wild all because of me. The feeling of such adulation was the ultimate thrill. The four minutes flew by and I was disappointed when my song came to an end. Once done, I blew a kiss to the crowd and sauntered back off. 

 I listened to the announcer, her voice shrill with excitement, "Wow, I think we have just watched the unveiling of a new star. Wasn't she amazing? Give it up one more time for Paula Pound-me." I listened from backstage as the crowd gave me a lengthy applause. I felt like I had won an Oscar. I got back to my room and Flame was already there. 

 "You were amazing, Princess!" she congratulated me with a big hug. 

 "Thanks, it felt so exhilarating," I admitted. 

 "I know...there is nothing purer than being on stage, it cleanses your soul. Plus the money is pretty good." 

 I reached into my boobies and pulled out my bills. I flipped through them quickly. 

 "How much?" 

 "One hundred and eighty-three," I answered. 

 "Fuck off," she said, "my first time I made only thirty-two." 

 "Inflation," I joked. 

 "Nice save, Baby. You were excellent, you deserve it," she said, giving me another hug. "Let's go meet all your new fans." 

 "Fans?" 

 "Of course, people will be all over you the second you are back in the bar. You are fresh meat," Flame explained. 

 "Really?" 

 "Let's go and find out," she said, "but just remember who you came with tonight. Although feel free to play." 

 "Play?" I questioned, apparently only able to answer in one syllable at a time. 

 "Oh some are going to want to suck you or fuck you," she announced, before adding, "or both." Before I could make another one syllable response, she took my hand and led me back into the throng of gays. I am not sure it was the same as if Johnny Depp had walked in, but I sure felt like a celebrity. People were telling me how great I was for a first timer, and how Gaynor would be proud. Many offered me drinks and I shot a few shots. I felt hands on my ass and when I felt a pair of hands on my shoulder, massaging me, I turned around. It was the same black man I had watched from the gloryhole yesterday. 

 He said, his tone dominant, "Come with me." 

 I looked at him tentatively. 

 "Now!" he added. 

 I stood up and followed him to the bathroom. Once inside, he led me to the exact same stall he fucked another guy in last night. As soon as the stall door was closed he ordered, "On your knees, bitch!" 

 I quickly dropped to the floor, turned on by his harsh treatment. 

 "Unbuckle my belt, slut." 

 I obeyed. 

 "Pull down my pants, faggot." 

 I obeyed. 

 "I am guessing you know what I am expecting next, fairy?" 

 Without another word, I took his big hard black cock in my mouth. I began sucking slow and deliberate, but was ordered, "You are not making fucking love to my cock, you are sucking it." I changed to an eager bopping up and down quickly. I did this for a few minutes, give or take, before he pulled me up and demanded, "Let's see that pussy of yours." 

 He lifted up my dress, pulled down my panties, and without any lube or tenderness plunged his cock deep in my cunt. Each thrust had me holding onto the toilet for balance as he drilled me raw. The pain was searing, but I was still loving it. Being treated like a slut was such a turn-on. A couple of minutes into my ass-reaming another black cock popped into the gloryhole. 

 "Hey faggot," the guy fucking my cunt ordered, "get sucking." He actually lifted me up like I was a feather and repositioned me so I could take the thick black cock in my mouth. The hard thrusts started again and I wasn't so much sucking the black cock as I was fucking it with my mouth from each thrust from behind. The two-ended fucking and sucking continued for a few minutes, my cock stiff as a missile yet again, until I heard the guy in my ass say, "I'm coming in your bottom, bottom." 

 The irony was obvious, but I just kept sucking and soon felt my ass being filled with cum. The feeling felt so amazing that I was disappointed when his cock left my just fucked pussy. Frustrated and horny as hell, I surprised both men when I half stood and half knelt on the toilet and positioned my cunt so I could fuck the cock in the wall. 

 "Holy fuck, you are on horny little faggot," the black man who just fucked my ass said, while he pulled up his pants. 

 I ignored his words and pushed back onto the black cock. A bit wider than the first two cocks that had pounded my ass, this one stretched my pussy apart and I whimpered like a virgin school girl. The guy watched me slowly fall back into the glory-hole cock before leaving. He left the stall door wide open and I wasn't surprised when someone else entered the stall. I continued to push back slowly, the sharp pain pretty intense, but the complete slutiness of the act a great turn-on for me. The man who entered was in his fifties and he pulled down his pants to reveal a much smaller cock than the ones I had played with so far. 

 

 He positioned himself so I could reach his cock with my cocksucking lips just as I felt my ass cheeks touch the wall. I groaned a mixture of pleasure, pain and the numbing of the damn cold wall. Now comfortable with the cock in my ass, I began to slowly move back and forth and took the new cock in my mouth with relative ease. The semi-erect cock quickly grew in my eager mouth and I, wanting to get him off quick and me as well, began to move back and forth as fast as I could. My second two-ended session was so amazing. In less than two minutes, the older man, without a warning, came in my mouth. I swallowed the slightly distasteful cum and pressed my ass to the wall and begged, "Fuck my pussy, hard, please." 

 "You like that bitch," the voice in the other stall grunted, as he began to fuck me now. 

 No longer caring who heard or saw, I whimpered, "Yes, I love it. Fuck my pussy with that beautiful black cock of yours." 

 Another guy entered my stall, one of the most handsome men I had ever met, and he fell to his knees and crawled under my dress, without a word. He found my cock and took it in his mouth. As the black cock continued to ravish my tight hot cunt, the blonde haired faggot bobbed on my cock. The double sensation was amazing. Even after all the amazing pleasure I had experienced this weekend, having my cock sucked while being fucked from behind was the ultimate sexual high. A couple more minutes of the double pleasure and I felt another load of cum explode in my pussy. The sweet feeling was too much and I too came, exploding into the unknown hot blonde's mouth. The cock in my ass slid out and to my surprise, the blonde under my dress moved himself to my ass and sucked the cum from my cunt. The feeling was sensational and I just leaned forward and allowed all the cum to be retrieved. His face was buried between my cheeks. Finally, once he had retrieved as much cum as he could from my well-fucked ass, he finished and stood up. 

 I stood up too, my legs numb from the awkward position. He smiled and said, "I'm Cher." 

 "Like the Diva?" 

 "Indeed," he said. "You were really hot up their tonight and I was determined to get to know you better." 

 "Well, that you did," I joked, fixing my dress. 

 "Flame said you were going home tomorrow. But if you ever want to do some online chats give me a call." He handed me a card and left the stall. 

 I took a deep breath and did the walk of shame. 

 Only a few men were in the washroom, but I assumed they all knew what had just occurred. One man was a slim black man and I wondered if he was the one who just fucked my pussy. It didn't matter. I wasn't ashamed. I was a faggot! A cock slut! A drag queen! A pet? A slave? And I loved it. 

 I found Flame who smiled at me and teased, "You were gone quite a while." 

 I blushed, "I met some new friends." 

 "I'm sure you did, Baby," Flame smirked. She reached into her purse and grabbed a collar. "You are welcome to play with whoever you want to, my pet. But you always leave with me. Is that clear?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," I responded, others able to hear our conversation. 

 "Good girl," she purred and put the collar around my neck. "By the way, Kelly was here but she had to go and get her pussy eaten by some dyke she met tonight. But I promised, when you returned, she would be invited for some play time. Is that ok, Darling?" 

 "Yes, Mistress, that sounds amazing," I replied, thinking maybe I could have my cake and literally eat it too. 

 Reaching back in her oversized purse, she pulled out a leash and hooked it onto my collar. "Time to go home, my pet," she announced. 

 I looked at her, confused briefly, but then understood her expectation. I was a pet in every sense of the word. I fell to the floor in this still crowded bar and got on all fours, like a good pet. 

 Flame stood up and led me out, the sheer humiliation of the situation burning in me, yet down below my cock was rising again. I felt hands slap my ass, I heard cat calls and a couple of offers to buy me for the night, but Flame kept leading me out and into the fresh chilly August San Francisco air. Once outside, she pet my hair and purred, "You are such a good pet." 

 A taxi arrived and I crawled into it. Flame followed and we returned to my hotel. That night, back at my hotel, she fucked my ass one more time. This time she made love to me. She had me lay on my back, lifted my knees back to my shoulders and fucked me long and slow. Her eyes never left mine while she made love to me. The angle was much different than getting taken from behind. The penetration seemed to go deeper and when Flame grabbed my ankles together and leaned forward I felt a new sensation. The pressure on the tendons and muscles in my legs seemed to enhance the pleasure on my prostate, leaving me so close to the edge of delirium. The position was so submissive and so totally out of my control, I just allowed my Mistress and lover to make love to me, to fill me completely with her cock in a way I couldn't imagine. I was her slave, her bottom. The love-making, the fucking, lasted over half an hour before she came in my well-fucked pussy. As soon as she did, she grabbed my cock and my perpetual state of delirium was broken. A few quick strokes from Flame's soft hands and my cum was shooting in the air. Flame slid out of my cunt and retrieved my cum from my legs, belly and cock. Once done, she wrapped her arms around me and I fell asleep in my lover's, my Mistresses', arms. 

 I reluctantly left the next morning with the promise I would return soon. 

 ***** 

 One month later... 

 Flame and I talked almost daily, and she came up with a brilliant idea. Almost every most popular site on the web is somehow porn-related. They have porn sites for almost everything, but we could not find a good quality porn site of drag queens, cross dressers or transgender. We patented a drag queen website, which we called "Drag Till You Drop'. I did all the design, while Flame and her friends did some photo shoots and filmed our first sex scene starring Flame (I was very disappointed to not be a part of the first scene and felt an odd uncontrollable jealousy of Flame bottoming someone other than me). 

 I quit my job, sold my house and had taken a job with a firm in San Francisco. The job came with a condo downtown and a pretty generous moving allowance. The visa was still in the works, but was just a final technicality before I would be allowed to work in America. I was flying down for a week of training tomorrow. I would arrive a couple days earlier, just in time for my second performance as Paula Pound-me. I hadn't been fucked in a month and I longed to be. 

 I looked forward to the time when I was no longer Paul Peterson and I was just Paula Poundme. 

 The end...maybe... 

 Author's Note: If you would like to read more of Paula's adventures drop me a line and offer a suggestion. This could be a one-off story or part of a bigger story... Report_Story 