#1 

 

 ****** Becoming a Slut Wife: Joanna ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© There once was a time in my life when I would have considered a man who liked watching other men fucking his wife a depraved degenerate asshole. How quickly things can change. 

 +++++++++++++++++ 

 It all started when my best friend and I were discussing the sad state of my marriage. The wife and I got along fine, but the passion was gone. We only occasionally had sex and when we did it was like both of us were doing it because we each felt that it was our duty to each other. Anyway, I was telling John my troubles and he suggested that what I needed to do was put some spark back in my marriage. I asked him how and he suggested 'role playing' and said that is what he did to put some spice back in his marriage. He explained role playing to me and when I asked him for ideas he suggested that I buy some men's magazines like Gallery or Penthouse Letters and read the letters that the readers sent in. He said the great thing about role-playing was that you could take your fantasies and act them out in your bedroom. It did not matter what they were, mild, wild, weird or way out and off the wall because they were going to take place in the privacy of your own home. 

 I had a long talk with my wife Joanna and she agreed that we needed to do something to get us out of our rut and she agreed to try role-playing. We bought a copy of Penthouse Letters and Joanna and I would spend hours reading the letters to each other. At first just reading the letters would get us hot and we would end up fucking like sex crazed rabbits. Our sex life went from once or twice a month to three or four times a week almost overnight. Then we started telling each other our fantasies and we incorporated them into our lovemaking. All was great for about a year and then Joanna began to push for taking our fantasies out of the house and into public. Her biggest fantasy involved exhibitionism and she wanted to actual do it and not pretend. To be honest the thought did appeal to me too. 

 +++++++++++++++++ 

 For the next six months we took major chances in public without getting caught. We fucked on the back seat of our car at the drive in; she gave me head in the Safeway parking lot at two in the afternoon and in the front seat as we drove down the Interstate (making sure that I slowed down every time I passed a semi so the driver could get a good look). We fucked in the ladies room of a restaurant, in the men's toilet at a local bar, behind the bushes in the park in broad daylight, on the hood of her father's car in his garage during a birthday party for Joanna's sister and (forgive me the sacrilege) on a pew in the back of a church. We took a vacation to Mexico and fucked on the beach at twilight and on our balcony at sunrise. Our sex life was great. 

 +++++++++++++++++ 

 In reading the letters the ones I paid scant attention to were the ones where the husband got off on seeing his wife suck and fuck other men. I personally believed that the letters were phony - made up by the editors - because no man could really like something like that. What I did not notice, however, was the effect that those letters had on Joanna. It was only in retrospect that I realized how hot and horny she became when reading them. She could tell that I had no interest in that particular subject so she never brought them up for use in our fantasy play. The day came when her interest was dropped on my head like a brick. 

 I had stopped at an adult bookstore to buy a dildo and some scented oils and I went back into the arcade booths to watch some films and maybe get an idea or three that we could use in our sex games. I noticed that several of the booths had holes gouged out of the walls and when I got home I told Joanna about them. She became very excited about going to the store and doing something in one of the booths that some one could watch through the holes in the wall. I was just a tad reluctant to go as up to that point we had been doing stuff on a dare hoping not to get caught. If we did what Joanna wanted we would be doing something knowing that we would be seen and I wasn't comfortable with that. Joanna worked at it and she finally wore me down. 

 +++++++++++++++++ 

 The next evening after we had both gotten home from work and had eaten dinner we went down to the adult bookstore. I got five dollars worth of quarters and we went back to the arcade where Joanna checked out every unoccupied booth until she found the one she wanted. It did not dawn on me until later that the booth she picked had holes in both walls. We entered the booth and locked the door behind us and I fed quarters into the machine while Joanna was pulling down my zipper and taking out my cock. For the next several minutes she sucked on my dick like a woman gone mad. I had her take of her panties and straddle me facing the opposite wall and as my cock entered her she began making the little sounds that she makes when she is being fucked. The sounds attracted whoever was in the next booth and we could see movement around the hole and knew that we were being watched. That excited the hell out of Joanna and I began to think I might have to stuff Joanna's panties in her mouth before her cries of pleasure brought management down on us and got us throw out of the store. 

 Coming as an absolute surprise to me a cock worked its way through the hole in the wall in front of us. Coming as an even bigger surprise Joanna leaned forward, took the cock in both hands and began jerking it off. I was so stunned that I just sat there as my wife slid up and down on my cock and jacked of the one coming out of the hole in front of her. The disturbing thing to me was that I made no protest. I just sat there and watched. Soon the cock in her hand began to spit out its white fluid onto her hands and then slowly, as if reluctant to leave (and I'll just bet that it was), the cock withdrew from the hole. We heard the door to the other cubicle open and close and then Joanna's mystery partner was gone. 

 Joanna leaned back against me and took her panties and wiped off her hands and then she whispered, "God but I feel so wicked. Am I a slut? Do you think I'm a slut for doing that?" 

 Frankly, I had no idea what I thought at that moment. At that point all I wanted to do was fuck my randy wife senseless. In only moments I shot what I thought must have been the largest load of my life into my wife's sucking cunt. Then I said that we had better get out of there and Joanna asked if we couldn't stay just a little bit longer. I gave in, but told her that I needed more quarters and I told her to lock the door behind me and that I would knock twice when I got back. 

 It might have been my imagination, but it seemed like every eye in the store was on me while I was getting more quarters. When I got back to the booth I knocked twice and waited, but Joanna didn't open the door. I knocked again and still got no response. Noticing that the next booth was empty I went in, locked the door and bent down to look through the hole in the wall. What I saw took my breath away. My wife was on her knees and sucking a cock that was sticking through the hole in the opposite wall. Her mouth was wrapped tight around it and she sucked on it for what seemed like hours before I finally saw white stuff leaking out of the corners of her mouth. She made every effort to keep the cock in her mouth and drain it of every drop, but it quickly went soft and withdrew through the hole. 

 I started to get up but I was not quick enough. There was a knock on the door and Joanna, no doubt thinking it was me, opened the door. The man who walked in already had his cock out and in his hand and Joanna took one quick glance at his face and then went to her knees in front of him. She sucked the strangers cock for several minutes and then he pulled her up, spun her around and bent her over so that she had to lean on the seat with her hands. She gave a sharp cry as he pushed his cock into her and then started moaning as the man fucked her from behind. It was too much for me. I took my cock out and shoved it through the hole in the wall. I felt Joanna's mouth fasten onto it and I lasted all of sixty seconds before I blew my load down her throat. I pulled my deflated dick back through the hole and bent down to watch the stranger fuck my wife. Joanna started to shudder and I knew that she was going to have a huge orgasm and in the middle of it I saw the stranger stiffen and I knew that he had just cum in my wife. 

 I was waiting outside the door when the stranger came out. He took no notice of me, just zipped up and walked away. I entered the booth to find Joanna wiping her face with her panties. She looked up at me with concern on her face. 

 "Don't hate me baby. I know I've been bad and you have every right to be disgusted with me, but believe me baby, I do love you so. Please don't hate me." 

 I was all set to explode with anger when I entered the booth, but the look on her face melted my anger and I took her in my arms and kissed her forehead. I felt the tenseness leave her body and she whispered, "I'll make it up to you baby. I don't know how, but I will make it up to you. Get me out of here baby, get me home and fuck me." 

 As we left the arcade there were a lot of wolf whistles, foot stomping and shouts of, "Way to go Babe" and "Hurry back sweetheart." Joanna turned and waved and as we walked to the car she looked at me with an expression that said plain as day, "Can we? Can we go back someday?" Report_Story 