#1 

 

 ****** Becoming A Slut Wife: Mother In Law ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© It is one of the facts of my life that for every good thing I do I also do something bad. I don't know why this is, but it seems to be a part of my karma - something to keep everything in balance. A case in point is what I did for Jimmy Olsen and what I did to my mother-in-law. 

 Jimmy was one of my prize students. He was All State as a quarterback and a short stop. He was National Honor Society academically and he was one of the most popular boys in school. He had the rugged good looks that had all the girls wanting to go steady with him and he was smart enough, at least in my estimation, to give all of them a chance. The last thing that Jimmy needed was to get emotionally involved at this early stage in his life. I'd seen more than one lad with a brilliant future ahead of him end up pumping gas after hooking up with some empty headed bimbo with big boobs. 

 We had been having some drug problems at our school and one-day word came down from on high that we were to pull a surprise locker inspection. The word spread through the school like wild fire. In theory, the teachers were supposed to be already in place watching the banks of lockers to see that students didn't get to the lockers and remove anything, but the assistant principle grabbed me on my way up the stairs and gave me a list of kids that he suspected of drug use and told me to be extra vigilant when searching their lockers. As a result of his stopping me I was a little late getting to my post on the third floor. I got to the top of the stairwell just in time to see Jimmy take something from his locker and put it in his pocket. He started to turn and go but I hollered at him to hold up. He turned and saw me and I saw his face change - he was scared! I walked up to him: 

 "What did you put in your pocket Jimmy." 

 He said "Nothing. I was just putting some books in my locker." 

 "Don't lie to me Jimmy. I saw you take something out of the locker and put it in your pocket. Give it to me." 

 He hesitated, but then he took his hand out of his pocket and handed me a glass n bottle with an eyedropper in it. As soon as I saw the eyedropper I knew what it was - date rape drug. The fact that it wasn't weed, crack cocaine or heroin wouldn't have mattered as far as the administration was concerned. Jimmy would be suspended and that would cost him his full ride scholarship at State so I put the bottle in my pocket and said: 

 "Get out of here and keep your mouth shut." 

 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 I'll never know why I didn't take that bottle and pour it down the drain. I walked around with it in my pocket until the end of the day and then I tossed it into my briefcase. It rolled around in the briefcase for a week or so before I took it out of the case and dropped it in the center desk drawer of my desk at home. It sat there almost three months until I suddenly understood why I had kept it. I had done a good deed in helping Jimmy out and now I needed a bad deed to balance things. Not that I actually thought like that, it was just the way my life seemed to go. 

 My mother-in-law hates me. This is not paranoia on my part, she does actually have an intense dislike for me. The woman did everything in her power to keep Debbie from marrying me. She even lied to Debbie and told her that she had been driving past the Motel 6 and she had seen me going into a room with a prostitute. Fortunately on the day in question (and the two days before and after) I happened to be nine hundred miles away at a seminar and I had all the receipts to prove it. I got along great with Debbie's dad, but you could feel the chill in the room when Debbie's mom and I were in a room together. Debbie's mom constantly makes snide remarks when I'm around and she criticizes every thing that I do. I do my best to grin and bear it just so I can stay on the good side of her father when what I really want to do is strangle the bitch with my bare hands. 

 For the past seven years I have been playing poker every Thursday night with a bunch of guys I went to college with. The games rotated between the seven of us and on this particular Thursday night it was my turn to be the host. I got home from school that night to find that we were blessed with the presence of my mother-in-law. Debbie gave me the bad news. 

 "Daddy had to take a two day business trip to Denver and you know how much she hates to be alone. I told her she could stay here with us, you don't mind do you?" 

 What was I going to say? "Yes I mind. Get the stupid bitch out of here?" 

 I said, "No dear, it is quite all right, but don't forget, the card game is here tonight and you know how she gets when she is around me. Try and keep her out of the way so the rest of the guys won't be exposed to her tongue." 

 Naturally Debbie wasn't able to keep her mother out of the way and the fact that there were six guys there that she didn't know did nothing to slow down the flow of her caustic comments. Debbie hadn't been feeling well for a couple of days and she went to bed early. We weren't halfway through the game before Bill said: 

 "Just what the hell is her fucking problem?" 

 I told him that she just didn't like me. Jack said, "What the bitch needs is a hard cock shoved up her ass." 

 "I wouldn't fuck her with your dick" I said. 

 "Oh I don't know about that," said Greg. "She's got a decent looking ass and that is a pretty good rack she's sporting." 

 Then Hal said that he thought Bea was kind of sexy, in an older woman way and Mike chimed in with "I'd fuck her." 

 Chuck laughed and said, "Think you could get her to pull a train for us?" 

 The words were no sooner out of Chuck's mouth and I knew what I was going to do. I smiled at the guys and said, "I think that I can get her to do just that." 

 I'd put up with Bea's shit for years and I was going to get back at her. I told the guys that I was sitting out the next hand and then I went to my den and got the bottle of date rape drug out of the desk drawer. I went back to the table and said; "If you guys want her to pull a train I can make it happen, but if I make it happen I get to videotape it, okay?" 

 The guys looked at each other and then said okay. 

 "It may take a half hour or so, but I promise you she will pull a train." 

 Bea was sitting in the living room watching TV and drinking a beer and as I played my cards I kept an eye on her. When she got up to go to the bathroom I got up and raced into the living room. I took Jimmy's bottle out of my pocket and put a couple of drops in her beer. If a couple of drops didn't do it I would put more in the next time she got up. I figured that it had to be drops or why the eyedropper? Maybe I should have questioned Jimmy about it, but it was too late now. I was playing the next hand when she came back and I watched her take a long pull on the beer when she sat down. 

 It was about fifteen minutes before I saw her head sag, but I waited another five minutes before I got up to check on her. Her eyes were open and they followed me as I walked up to her. I stuck my hand inside her blouse and squeezed a tit and she giggled, but made no move to stop me. I unzipped my pants and took out my cock and stuck it in her mouth and I felt her tongue move on it, but other that that she just looked up at me as I fucked her mouth. I felt myself getting ready to cum and I grabbed her head with both hands and held her as I let loose my load. I held her head until my dick went soft and then I undressed her. 

 I went back to the table and told the guys that she was ready for them. I told them what I had done to her beer and that she might not be too active for the first half hour or so, but then she would start to come out of it and start participating. I didn't know if that was true or not. All I wanted was to get some footage of my friends fucking Bea. 

 I was pleasantly surprised when after about fifteen minutes Bea began to respond. At first it was only her pushing up at the guy fucking her, but then her legs came up and wrapped around Mike. When it was Hal's turn she locked her legs around him and grabbed his ass cheeks with both hands. By the time Bill was in her for the second time she was begging for the guys to fuck her harder. Each of the guys fucked her twice before I started getting creative. I had Bill put his cock in her mouth while Hal fucked her, then I had the guys get her on her knees and I had Mike fuck her from behind while Chuck and Jack both tried to shove their cocks in her mouth at the same time. 

 While I was watching the action through the viewfinder I thought back to what Jack had said that got this ball rolling, "What the bitch needs is a hard cock shoved up her ass." The more I thought about it the more I liked the idea. I put the camera down and stripped and when Mike finished fucking her I moved in behind Bea and slid my cock into her cum filled snatch and got my first feel of sloppy seconds. I was surprised at how good it felt. For a moment I thought that I could learn to like it, but then I remembered what I intended to do. I pushed into her a couple of more times to get some lube on my cock and then I pulled out of her pussy and lined myself up with her asshole. I told Jack to take his cock out of her mouth and then I pushed. Bea's head jerked up and she gave a loud scream and then Jack grabbed her head and forced his cock down her throat to keep her quiet. Bea moaned and groaned and tried to get away from me, but I held onto her hips and fucked her ass as hard as I could. It took me almost five minutes to cum and by the time that I did Bea was pushing back at me. 

 The gangbang went on for another hour and a half and by the time it was over the drug had worn off, but Bea was still begging for more cock. The guys finally couldn't get it up any more and they straggled out of the house leaving Bea lying on the living room floor and moaning, "Fuck me, please somebody fuck me." 

 I stood over her and said, "Anybody? Even your detestable son-in-law?" 

 "Yes, oh yes, please fuck me honey, please fuck me." 

 "You're sure? You want your worthless, no account, poor excuse for a son-in-law to fuck you?" 

 She got up on her knees and reached for me. I stepped back and laughed at her and went up to bed. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 The next morning at the breakfast table Bea wouldn't meet my eyes. She had the same disdainful look on her face though and I thought to myself you think you dislike me now you old whore, but wait and see what I have in store for you the next time we are alone. That time came sooner than I thought. When I got home from school that night Debbie had gone shopping and Bea was in the living room watching TV. I went and got the tape I had made the night before and I walked into the living room and shoved into the VCR. Bea started to bitch at me for interrupting her program, but she shut up as soon as the picture came up on the TV screen. She was being fucked by Mike and had her head bobbing up and down on Hal's cock. 

 "I've never since I've known you done anything to give you a reason to feel about me the way that you do. I've put up with your rotten attitude all these years for Debbie's sake, but I have finally decided that if I have to put up with it I might as well deserve it. Here's the deal. Everyone you know is going to get a copy of this tape unless you do exactly what I tell you. What you are going to do is every time I tell you to do it you are going to lift your skirt, take off your panties and bend over and wait for me to fuck you. I don't care if it's at a wedding, a funeral, a birthday party, in your own home or at the supermarket. When I say "do it" you will lift up your skirt and give me access. Do you understand?" 

 "You wouldn't dare!" 

 "Oh yes I would Bea, you can bet on it. Now do it." 

 She looked at me and I could see that she wanted to tell me to fuck off, but then she leaned back in the chair, lifted her hips and took off her panties. Then she spread her legs and waited. 

 "On your knees Bea. I'm going to take you in the ass. She looked up at me and I thought I saw a hint of a smile and she turned over and got up on her knees. As I pushed into her she gave a little grunt and then she said, "Are you going to make me fuck your friends again too?" 

 "You old slut. You liked it!" 

 "We can talk about it later, but for now just fuck me." Report_Story 