#1 

 

 ****** Cheerleader's Mom: A Power Shift ****** bysilkstockingslover© Summary: Mom is caught on her daughter's bed and made a submissive. 

 Note 1: Thanks to < a href="https://www.literotica.com/stories/ memberpage.php?uid=2133551" target="_blank">hfernandez1983  for doing the visuals for this story and potential multi-part series. 

 Note 2: Thanks to Robert, goamz86, and Wayne for editing. 

 Cheerleader's Mom: A Power Shift 

 

 power-shift01.jpg] 

 Michelle walked to the laundry, bored and annoyed. 

 She was sick of her boring daily routine: coffee with neighbours, watching the View and the Talk, cleaning house, doing laundry, blah, blah, blah. 

 She had married fairly rich, so she didn't have to work, but not quite rich enough to get her own maid. 

 And at 39, she felt ancient. 

 "I am way too fucking young to have an 18-year-old daughter," Michelle sighed to herself as she took her daughter's cheerleading outfit out of the dryer. 

 Looking at the royal black, red and white outfit, the same colors she had worn twenty years ago, she reminisced about her glory days. When she was the head cheerleader, like her daughter was now, and she had all the power. 

 The boys fawned over her and the girls all wanted to be her. In many ways Michele had been reliving her high school days by living vicariously through her head cheerleader daughter Allie. In truth, her daughter was the spitting image of her when she was young: the same blonde hair (mine was fake though), the same hypnotic eyes, the same killer lips, the same seductive smile, the same long tanned legs and the same perfectly fit body. 

 God she missed her high school days. She was the queen and all the rest were her peasants. Now, she seemed to be a peasant for her domineering and bitchy daughter. She smiled as she reminisced forcing nerds to eat her out in the locker room, making her fellow cheerleaders massage her feet before a game, fucking the quarterback after the game and ruling the school. 

 Michelle looked longingly at the cheerleader outfit and suddenly had the urge to put it on. 

 She took off her conservative dress, leaving her beige pantyhose on (cheerleaders today didn't wear pantyhose or tights with their cheerleader outfits, but back in the 80s it was all part of the allure. Boys loved the pantyhose-clad legs and the dark beige really highlighted the cheerleaders' legs). 

 

 power-shift02.jpg] 

 She pulled the skimpy outfit over her head and onto her still very fit 39 year old body. She went to her daughter's room to check herself out in the full length mirror she had bought her daughter back when she turned sixteen. 

 She stumbled on the stairs and ripped her pantyhose. Cursing, she took off the pantyhose and tossed them aside before she reached her daughter's room. 

 Looking in the mirror, she couldn't help but flash back to her high school days as all her memories of her wasted youth reappeared. Memories of when she was the center of the universe and not her daughter; where every boy drooled over and jerked off dreaming of fucking her, while now her husband did her missionary once a week like clockwork. 

 She remembered fucking the all-star quarterback, Sam Sanderson, after they won the state championship, two days after she turned eighteen and then fucking him and others every chance she got the rest of her senior year. 

 She turned around and checked out her ass in the mirror. 

 She bent over and smiled at how she had kept her body in such great shape. 

 She turned back around and checked out her tits. They too had been kept in great shape, as had her stomach. Swimming, yoga, Zumba and a dozen paid infomercial products (she was a sucker for infomercials) had kept her 39-year- old figure almost as perfect as she was when she was 18. 

 Reminiscing about her popular cheerleading past, and thinking how much sluttier the outfits had gotten over the past 20 years (and they were slutty back then), the sexy mother closed her eyes, put her hand in her panties and began rubbing her pussy, replaying in her head when she was fucked by two college studs at a party. Soft moans escaped her lips as she made herself wet. 

 Suddenly deciding she needed to come, her pussy on fire from long terms of sexual Siberia, Michelle went to her daughter's drawer and grabbed her daughter's pink vibrator (she had found it there while putting laundry away one day), pulled her panties down to her knees, lay back on her daughter's bed and slid the toy into her bubbling volcano. 

 Closing her eyes, she replayed that wild kinky night: 

 -The two college guys plying her with alcohol and teasing her all night with soft touches that became more aggressive as the night progressed. 

 -The whispers that she was the hottest girl there and how both badly wanted to give her the night of her life. 

 -Kissing them both. 

 -Being led to a room by one, while the other's hand was on her ass the entire time, even as she sensed others following her and knowing what she was about to do... have a threesome. 

 -Dropping to her knees and fishing out two already hard cocks. Stroking one cock, while sucking the other and vice versa. 

 -Her entire psyche burning with hunger to please these two college studs as her pussy juice leaked into her panties. 

 -Having her pussy sucked while she sucked on a big juicy cock. 

 -Sucking on the one cock, while the other slammed into her pussy. 

 -Watching as they swapped positions and again fucked her from both ends. 

 -Being called a dirty slut, an eager cocksucker, a cock hungry whore and other nasty, derogatory names that somehow turned her on, something that would have made her rip her high school boyfriend's nuts in two. 

 -The inevitable attempts at convincing her to get double penetrated and her, quite drunk and horny at the time, reluctantly agreeing, willing to do anything to please these two college studs. 

 In her fantasy, as the vibrator buzzed inside her, she forgot about the excruciating pain she originally felt that killed her enjoyment of the threesome as she became just a vessel of pleasure for the two oblivious college guys (the only time she ever had anal sex) and focused on the thrill of being wild and kinky. 

 

 power-shift03.jpg] 

 Her orgasm was building quickly as she recalled being on her knees like a porn star with her mouth opened wide as both boys pumped their cocks to give her two full facials. 

 "Oh God," the horny MILF moaned, as she relived a forgotten youth, a time when she was the center of the universe. 

 Meanwhile, Allie and her friend Kim were coming home early, cheerleading practice cancelled because Coach Williamson wasn't at school today. Allie figured she would get a nice orgasm from her submissive fellow cheerleader before her date with Alex, quarterback of the football team, tonight. 

 As they walked up the stairs, Allie heard moans coming from her room. She asked Kim, "Do you hear that?" 

 "Yeah, I do," Kim nodded. 

 "Quiet," the cheerleading domme ordered, as she continued towards her room. 

 Kim obeyed, like she always did and followed behind. 

 Allie, who had already learned that many women are not what they appear to be, still wasn't ready for what she was about to witness. She peeked around the corner and gasped. Her mother was in HER cheerleading outfit, on HER bed, with HER vibrator, pleasuring herself! 

 

 power-shift04.jpg] 

 Immediately going into domme mode, she walked into her room with a furious frown on her face. 

 Michelle was so close to coming, the lava of lust slowly building, that she was oblivious to the reality that she had spectators. 

 The nearly erupting mother was brought back to reality when she heard her shocked and angry daughter's voice, "Mother! Oh my God, what are you doing?" 

 Startled and mortified at being caught in such a precarious position, she hastily pulled the toy out of her wet pussy and hid it behind her back. The mortified mother stammered, "A-A-Allie, I am s-s-sorry." 

 Allie demanded, even as a devious plan popped into her head, "Stop!" 

 Her Mother froze, realizing Allie was not alone. Allie's good friend and fellow cheerleader, Kim, was staring at her with a look of utter shock. 

 "You obviously need to come, Mommy," the daughter said, her tone condescending, having not referred to her mother as Mommy since she was a little girl. 

 "Allie," the humiliated Mother began, refusing to make eye contact, "please don't talk to me that way." 

 "What way should I speak to my slut Mommy?" Allie asked, walking towards her Mother, taking on the usual domme persona she did with her cheerleading pets, her three teacher submissives and her couple of MILF sluts. 

 The compromised Mother defended herself, embarrassment shifting to anger, even in the vulnerable position that didn't cover her leaking pussy, "I am not a slut, Allie, and how dare you speak to me like that!" 

 Allie reached the bed and grabbed the toy. "You are on my bed, in my cheerleading outfit, fucking your pussy with my toy...I think that makes you a slut." 

 Michelle began to sit up and her daughter quickly pushed her back down. 

 "Here," the pretty daughter said, handing her Mother back the toy, turning it on full speed. Finish what you started." 

 Looking over at Kim, the still horny, but embarrassed Mother stammered, not taking the toy, "I-I-I can't." She couldn't believe what was happening. 

 Allie chuckled. "What? Because Kim is here? Kim, go lick my Mother's clit." 

 "Yes, Mistress," the pretty cheerleader and submissive to Allie replied, immediately joining the stunned and disheveled Mother on the bed, pulling the skirt off the latest prey. 

 The mother, in a daze of confusion and horniness, watched in silence as the sweet 18-year-old friend of her daughter moved between her legs. She was just about to protest when she felt her clit get sucked into Kim's mouth. Instead of arguing and attempting to stop the compromising and humiliating situation, the next sound out of her mouth was an incomprehensible moan. "Nooooaaaaaahhhh." 

 

 power-shift05.jpg] 

 Her husband never licked her pussy and the feeling of a tongue down there, the first in twenty years, was instant mental mush. The mother wanted to protest, to resist, but the teen's tongue lapping at her pussy broke her moral mother persona completely. She was completely at the mercy of Kim's tongue 

 "Oh God," the mother moaned, as she watched the surreal scene of the redheaded best friend of her daughter between her legs. 

 Kim announced, "Your mom's cunt is leaking like a sieve, Mistress." 

 The word 'Mistress', which she had heard Kim say earlier, finally registered with the horny disheveled mother. Why was Kim calling Allie 'Mistress'? And the word 'cunt' usually would have made her erupt in anger, she hated the word, yet as she had hers licked, it somehow turned her on more. 

 Allie laughed as she took off her shirt and skirt. She demanded, as she handed her mother the vibrator a second time, "Fuck yourself Mommy! Don't make Kim do all the work." 

 The horny Mother should have stopped the young girl between her legs and should have stood up to her overpowering smug daughter, yet she wasn't thinking with her head, but with her vagina. Without thinking, she took the buzzing toy and slid it back into her wanton pussy. The double sensation of the vibrating toy and the young girl's mouth on her clit was easily the most intense pleasure she had ever felt. Her moans instantly increased as she closed her eyes and allowed the double pleasure to overwhelm her. 

 

 power-shift06.jpg] 

 Allie, now only in a bra, panties and thigh highs, watched her mother. Should she add her mom to her growing collection of submissives? Why not? She already bossed her around all the time anyway, making her a pussy pleasing live-in pet would have lots of benefits. She took off her bra and panties as she continued watching her mother get pleasured. 

 The horny Mother knew her orgasm was imminent when she was shocked back to reality when she felt the bed move. Reluctantly opening her eyes, she was greeted with her daughter's shaved pussy being lowered onto her face. Michelle began to speak and say this was wrong when her daughter's pussy landed on her lips. 

 She could barely hear her daughter's words. "Kim was supposed to be getting me off. But since she is busy pleasing you, I guess you can please me." Michelle could barely breathe, her daughter's thighs and pussy surrounding her. Defeated and realizing the only way to get her daughter off her was to get her off, she licked her first pussy in almost twenty years. One lick and she flashed back to college and her few lesbian trysts. The sweet taste of pussy juice was so much more appealing than the sticky semen of a man. Licking from this position was awkward, but she continued pleasing her daughter, while her daughter's friend continued to suck on her clit. 

 Suddenly, Kim took the vibrator from the distracted MILF and began to pump it in and out of her friend's mother while she continued the concentrated clit teasing. Confident the mother was close, she shoved the toy all the way inside the older woman's sopping wet cunt and held it all the way in her while she quickly tapped the clit with her tongue. 

 Michelle let out a muffled scream instantly as the toy filled her so deeply and she knew her orgasm was inevitable, even under these strange and inappropriate circumstances. Suddenly her daughter began moving her pussy back and forth, literally fucking herself on her mother's nose and tongue. Helpless in every sense of the word, she just closed her eyes and allowed her daughter to fuck her face and focused on her burning desire to orgasm herself. Her muffled moans increased and became constant until the tidal wave of thrill hit her like a tsunami and she screamed into her daughter's vagina. Her juices flooded her daughter's friend's face, Michelle always being a gusher. 

 Kim lapped eagerly, enjoying the sweet taste of the MILF, who tasted almost identical to her Mistress. Kim, being a devious girl herself, moved away from the MILF pussy, and closed the MILF's legs together, the vibrating toy still lodged deep in her cunt. 

 Allie approved of the act, "Good one, Kim, we are starting my Mother's training now." 

 "Delicious," Kim replied, knowing that this was just the beginning of a lot of fun, although she wondered how Allie planned to train her own Mother. It was incest. It was wrong. It was sick. It was fucking hot. 

 Allie getting close herself, began rubbing her pussy faster on her Mother's face. The naughtiness of having her Mother get her off was so sweet, a thought she had only considered fleetingly before today, that she knew she would come hard. A couple quick bounces on her Mom's face and she was coming. 

 "Yes, Mommy, lick all your daughter's cum," the dominant daughter demanded. 

 Michelle, so overwhelmed with lust, eagerly licked her daughter's juices as they covered her face, the vibrating toy in her pussy keeping her brimming with pleasure and her only desire was to come again. 

 Allie, her legs numb from straddling her Mother for so long, got off and looked at her writhing mother, clearly close to a second orgasm. "Do you need to come again, Mommy?" 

 Michelle was an emotional mess by this point, feeling the wetness and shame of her daughter's pussy juice on her face, humiliated by what had occurred, yet oddly sexually stimulated by it too. She moaned to her daughter, her desire for pleasure overriding her motherly moral obligations, "Yes." 

 "You are not allowed to come until I say, is that understood, Mommy?" Allie asked her mother, her hand slowly sliding up her mom's leg. 

 "Kkkkk," Michelle replied weakly, confused by the order, why she had agreed, and the excitement she felt with her daughter's hand moving up her leg. 

 "You are obviously a submissive woman, Mommy," Allie announced to her horny mother. The good news for you is I am a domme." 

 "A domme?" Michelle asked, confused by the labels. 

 Allie's hand reached her Mother's thigh. "A domme is a powerful woman, a Mistress per se, that dominates and controls submissive little wannabe pets like yourself." 

 Michelle wanted to argue against her daughter's assessment of her, to tell her to stop this incredibly inappropriate touching and talk, but her daughter's hand just inches away from her needy sin was a major distraction. "I-um...." 

 "Ssssshhh," Allie ordered softly. "Don't talk unless I request you to, Mommy pet." 

 Michelle wanted to respond, but instead obeyed her daughter's instructions, completely unable to understand her need to obey. 

 "Now Mommy Dearest," Allie began, her hand sliding between her Mom's squeezed legs. "I own you now." 

 "P-P-Pardon?" the bewildered Mother stammered, as she mindlessly opened her legs to allow her daughter access to her fevered, desperate pussy. 

 Keeping it simple, the devious daughter explained, smiling at her mom's involuntary actions, "You're my slut! You do as I say." 

 Michelle's eyes went wide both from the extreme revelation and her daughter's finger that had just reached her swollen clit. Instead of standing up to her daughter, her response was a loud moan. 

 "I'll take that as a yes, you agree to my conditions," Allie smiled, putting pressure on her Mom's clit. She could feel the vibrations of the toy at work in her Mother. 

 "W-W-What conditions?" the disheveled Mother struggled to reply, so distracted by the rising orgasm building inside her. 

 "Firstly, whenever we are alone, you are to refer to me as Mistress. Secondly, you are to obey every request I make and never question it. Thirdly, you will start to dress for convenience which means skirts, no panties and thigh high stockings, no silly impractical pantyhose. Fourthly, you are only to orgasm with permission. Is that clear, Mommy slut?" 

 Allie's finger slid inside her Mom's soaking wet pussy and easily found her Mom's g-spot. 

 The hornier-than-she-had-ever-been mother tried desperately to prevent her orgasm, but couldn't and her legs stiffened and she screamed as the orgasm spread through her like wildfire. "Oh God, noooooooo," she screamed. 

 "Bad Mommy," Allie scolded, her finger continuing to put pressure on her mother's g-spot. "You will be punished for coming without permission. 

 "Soooooorry," the still twitching Mother moaned, weak from her two intense orgasms. 

 "Oh you will be," her daughter warned. 

 Michelle didn't like her daughter's foreboding tone, but was too weak to even begin to stand up for herself as shame began to course through her at the reality of what had just happened. 

 Kim who had watched the whole incestuous act finally spoke. "Mistress, I need to get going home." 

 "You may go," Allie replied, before adding, "after my Mommy gets you off." 

 "What?" Michelle asked. 

 "Mommy-pet, get on the floor, kneel in front of Kim and beg to eat her cunt," Allie ordered. 

 "I can't do that," the mortified Mother replied to her domineering daughter. 

 "First, I wasn't asking your opinion, Mommy-pet," Allie replied, adding, "secondly, it's the least you can do since she already munched on your box, and thirdly, you already have one punishment coming, do you really want a second?" Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Cheerleader's Mom: A Power Shift ****** bysilkstockingslover© The defeated Mother sighed and pleaded with her daughter, feeling completely helpless to defy her, "Please don't make me do this." 

 "Do it!" the uncompassionate Allie replied. 

 Michelle didn't move immediately as she tried to find a way to deal with the predicament she had gotten herself into. She was jolted to reality when her daughter roared, "Now, slut!" 

 Startled, the pet Mother quickly got off her daughter's bed and fell to her knees. Tentatively the humiliated Mother crawled towards her daughter's friend. 

 Kim leaned back on the bed and looked down at the pretty, humiliated MILF. 

 "Take off my skirt, slut," Kim ordered, enjoying the rare moment where she was in charge. 

 Michelle gasped, shocked to hear such words out of the normally perfectly mannered young lady. Yet, she obeyed, pulling the skirt off her and tossing it aside, before realizing the teen wasn't wearing panties. 

 Michelle reflected briefly at the strange rules her daughter had outlined a few moments earlier and assumed that Kim had similar rules to follow. She stared at the teenage vagina in awe. Sure she had just pleasured her daughter, but from her awkward position, she had not gotten to get a good look at her daughter's vagina other than to know it was shaved. Kim's was so pink, already wet and puffy and with a patch of pubic hair. 

 A slap on her ass startled Michelle again as her daughter said, "Hurry up Mommy-pet, that cunt isn't going to pleasure itself." 

 Michelle again winced at the word 'cunt' but again obeyed, leaning into the hypnotic inviting trimmed pussy and extending her tongue when her daughter again disciplined her with a hard slap to her ass. "I told you to beg her." 

 Michelle could feel both pairs of her cheeks burning with utter shame as she obeyed, "Kim, may I lick your vagina?" 

 Allie corrected her Mother, as she slapped her ass again, "Little girls have vaginas, women have pussies and cunts. Try again." 

 Michelle tried again, not wanting to disappoint her daughter again, or get slapped across her ass again. "Kim, may I lick your wet pussy, your hot box, your sweet cunt?" Saying the naughty words somehow made her pussy tingle again, especially saying a word she never said. 

 Kim looked over to her Mistress and Allie nodded. Kim, really reveling in the rare occasion she wasn't the submissive slut, berated the MILF. "Be a good girl and eat my cunt, Mommy slut." 

 Michelle felt like she had been slapped in the face. Her daughter had always treated her with a lack of respect, but Kim had always been a perfectly polite teenager and hearing such nastiness was shocking... and undeniably made her pussy leak more. 

 Allie grabbed her phone and began filming her mother's sexual debauchery, just in case she had any issues with obedience once her mother regained her senses. 

 Tears began to form in the older woman's eyes from both the burning in the ass and the utter humiliation, as she leaned forward and began licking the 18-year- old's pussy. The young girl's scent was intoxicating and seemed to be trapped in her pubes. Her taste was equally intoxicating and Michelle began to enjoy and slowly savoured the taste. She slid her tongue between her daughter's friend's pussy lips, and they parted like the red sea. Juices began to seep out slowly, the crest of the big wave to come. 

 

 power-shift07.jpg] 

 After a couple of minutes, Michelle let go of all remaining inhibitions, quickly forgetting that she was a mother and a wife, and began to lick eagerly at the young girl's pussy, desperate to get her off and taste the full wave of her womanly fluids. 

 As Kim's orgasm got closer, she grabbed the mother's head and pulled her deeper between her legs. "Suck on my clit, Mrs. Weber." 

 Hearing her name instantly reminded her who she was and what she was doing, yet her insatiable hunger to get the teen off overrode any sort of common sense. Instead, the MILF obeyed and took the swollen clit in her mouth. In seconds, she was rewarded with the prize... a flooding of juices. 

 Kim screamed, "Oh my God, I'm comiiiiiiing, you fucking mommy pussy pleasing whore!" 

 The MILF lapped eagerly, as if she was lapping the champagne of perfection. 

 "She's a natural," Kim moaned, as she held the MILF's head deep in her flooding pussy. 

 "I think so," Allie nodded. "Although she will still need proper training." 

 Michelle heard the word training and a chill went up her spine even as she continued lapping Kim's cum and again began to worry about her daughter's intentions. 

 Kim said, as she let go of the mom's head, "I really need to get home." 

 "Maybe we should go after your mom too," Allie quipped, the idea of going after moms suddenly a rather appealing, intriguing and challenging possibility. 

 Kim laughed. Her mother was the most uptight woman she had ever met, as she looked down and stared at the pussy juice coated mother, "That I would pay to see." 

 Michelle was paralyzed with indecision. Mortified by her actions; terrified by the consequences that may lie ahead; bewildered with the entire last half an hour. Yet, she was satisfied sexually in ways she couldn't fathom or explain. 

 "Challenge accepted," Allie said. 

 "You really are the female Barney," Kim said, as she moved away from Mrs. Weber, wondering if having her own mommy-slut was a possibility. 

 "Slut up," Allie quipped, her favourite line. 

 Kim smiled, as she asked, "Can I come over and play with your pet another time?" 

 "She is yours whenever you want," Allie said. 

 The Mom gasped at the offer made so nonchalantly. 

 "Thank you, Mistress," Kim said, before patting the MILF's head and leaving. 

 "Mommy-slut," Allie said, "you better clean yourself up. Dad should be home soon." 

 Michelle's eyes went wide as reality punched her in the gut. She stood up and said, "Allie, this can't happen again." 

 Allie walked over to her mother, looked down at her and said, "Mom, everything has changed. I own your wicked tongue, your big tits, your wet cunt, which needs to be shaved by the way, and, eventually, your ass." 

 "Allie, please," the Mom began. 

 "Still hungry?" Allie quipped, ignoring the real intention of her mother's words, as she went to the bathroom. "You really are an insatiable cunt licking slut, Mommy." 

 Michelle stood up, got out of her daughter's cheerleader outfit and scurried to her bedroom, her head spinning with consequence. 

 The mom looked in the mirror and saw her messed up face. She indeed looked like a slut. What had happened to her? Why did she not stand up for herself? Why did she allow her daughter to control her? To commit incest? 

 These questions and many more would have to wait as she got into the shower to wash off and eradicate the evidence of her sinful deeds. Yet, like Lady Macbeth, no matter how much she washed her body she could not erase the sin. 

 Allie, meanwhile, walked in and said, "Mommy-slut, I left some thigh highs on the bed for you. All my sluts are expected to wear them." 

 "Allie, I'm not your Mommy-slut," Michelle said, as she shut off the shower, determined to deal with this now. 

 Allie laughed, "Mom, I know what you really are. So stop fighting it." 

 "And what is that?" Michelle asked, as she reached for a towel, but didn't find one. 

 "A submissive in denial looking for a Mistress," Allie answered with a smug smile on her face, holding the towel. 

 "Give me the towel, Allie," the Mom firmly demanded, ignoring the silly accusations. 

 "It's Mistress Allie, Mother," Allie firmly reminded her newest pet. 

 "Allie Candace Weber, that is enough," the Mom said, trying to regain control, using all three names a clear statement that she meant business. 

 Allie countered mockingly, "Mommy Slut Weber, that is enough." 

 The mom was furious, but again tried to reason, "Allie, please, this is getting out of hand. We can work something out." 

 Allie laughed. "It's a little late for retribution isn't it? You ate your daughter's cunt willingly and then her friend too." 

 "I did not," the mom protested. 

 "Really?" Allie questioned, "Were you handcuffed to the bed?" 

 "No," Michelle whispered, suddenly realizing the truth. She didn't really resist at all; she had given in to her lust. 

 "So stop the half-assed resistance and accept your new position," Allie said, "on your knees at the feet of your Mistress daughter." 

 Michelle said, "This is wrong." 

 Allie shrugged, as she tossed her mom the towel and went to the door, "But your tongue on my cunt felt so right." 

 "Allie please," the helpless Mom pleaded. 

 "Mother, enough. I'm not cinchy with my cunt, but you have to earn it," Allie quipped. "Now, wear the thigh highs or get ready for another punishment. You still have one coming." 

 "Wasn't pleasing Kim the punishment?" Michelle asked, being forced to serve an eighteen year old. 

 "That was a treat," Allie said, "and you sure looked like you enjoyed it." 

 "I didn't," the mom lied. 

 "The video on my phone says otherwise," Allie shrugged, before adding, "I'll send it you so you can see for yourself." 

 Her daughter had filmed her lesbian encounter with her friend. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! 

 "Now say it, Mother," Allie ordered, before adding, "or does Daddy get a copy of you pleasing Kim?" 

 "You wouldn't," Michelle replied, even though she knew her daughter wasn't bluffing. 

 "Now, Mother!" Allie demanded, her volume increasing. 

 "Mistress," the defeated Mom said. 

 "Good girl," Allie purred, her tone quickly softening. She then added, a million twisted ideas already forming in her head, "We start your training tomorrow." 

 Allie left before her mother could respond. 

 Michelle, guilt ridden and mortified by her actions, got out of the tub even more stressed. She could only imagine what her daughter may mean by 'training'. 

 Michelle dried off and went back to her bedroom. She saw black thigh highs on her bed. Feeling she had to obey until she could have a rational conversation with her, she sat on the edge of her bed and began to put on the surprisingly silky sheer nylons. 

 Once the thigh highs were on, something she had never worn before, she lay back on her bed her head was spinning, her stomach was in knots, and yet one thing really confused her: why was her pussy tingling? 

 

 power-shift08.jpg] 

 The End ... for now. 

 Coming next if enough readers are interested the mother's training begins in: 

 Cheerleader's Mom: Blackmailed Pet 

 DELETED CONCEPT PHOTO (Daisy Chains): 

 Writing this had been a blast and a lot of photos are requested and rendered. 

 With that in mind, a lot of photos have not been used. 

 Here are two pictures from a deleted concept of the first act. Originally, I was going to make the scene end in a three-way, but after much consideration I went with a popular philosophy of mine... the MISTRESS doesn't eat the pussy of the SUBMISSIVE. Thus, although I loved this photo it had to go. 

 NOTE: This was an early render before stockings were added.... Because let's be real... my username is silkstockingslover... and thus this story had to have nylons. 

 Anyways, here are a couple of the photos that weren't used: 

 

 power-shift09.jpg] 

 

 power-shift10.jpg] Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Cheerleader's Mom: Blackmailed Pet ****** bysilkstockingslover© Summary: Mom is blackmailed into submitting to her dominant daughter. 

 Note 1: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for doing the visuals for this story. 

 Note 2: Thanks to Robert, goamz86, Wayne and tenzin_p for editing. 

 Recap: 

 In Part One, A POWER SHIFT: 39-year-old mother Michelle decides to try on her daughter Allie's slutty cheerleading outfit. Once she has it on, she begins fucking herself with her daughter's vibrator on her daughter's bed. Caught by her domineering daughter and her friend Kim, she is forced to eat her daughter's pussy and also Kim's before being told she is now her daughter's pet. 

 In this part: the training begins. 

 Cheerleader's Mom: Creating a Slut 

 At supper that night, Michelle couldn't make eye contact with Allie at the table. 

 When Michelle's husband, Jeremy, asked how her day was, she could feel her cheeks burn. 

 The mother stammered, feeling Allie's eyes bore into her, "I-I-It was fine." 

 Allie asked, "Nothing out of the ordinary?" 

 "No," the mom replied, looking up at her and trying to show that she wasn't intimidated by her, even as she prayed she wasn't going to out her. 

 "You really need to get yourself a hobby, Mom," Allie said. 

 Jeremy asked, "Is there something you would like to do, honey?" 

 Allie answered, "Yeah, do you have any curiosities?" 

 Michelle noticed her daughter stress the word 'curiosities'. She replied, "Actually, I have become the head of this year's fundraising for prom." 

 "Really? That's great," Jeremy said. 

 "Yeah, we can spend some quality time together," Allie chirped in. 

 "I look forward to it," Michelle responded, and then realized that Allie would likely take her answer to mean something it didn't. 

 "Me too," Allie nodded, her tone dripping with implication for her mother, that her oblivious dad didn't catch. 

 An hour later, while Jeremy was watching the ball game on television, Allie walked over to her mother and squeezed her ass as she finished up the dishes. 

 "Please, don't," Michelle whispered. 

 "Tomorrow we begin your new hobby," Allie whispered, her finger slyly rubbing her mom's pussy over her panties. 

 "This has to stop," Michelle involuntarily moaned. 

 "Oh, my pet Mommy," Allie purred, as she tapped her finger on her mom's clit, "we are just getting started." 

 "Allie," the Mom whispered, but couldn't finish the sentence. 

 "Now go upstairs, get undressed and bring yourself off while you envision all I plan to do to you," Allie ordered, as she slid her finger under the panties and directly inside her mom. 

 "Oh, God, Allie, stop," Michelle moaned, overwhelmed, as her daughter fingered her while her husband was in the other room and yet not able to stop her daughter's violation. 

 After just a few fast finger pumps, Allie added, as she pulled out, "And from now on, no fucking panties." 

 Michelle was paralyzed, wet and dishevelled. 

 "Now go, and if you disobey I show Daddy the video of you munching Kim's cunt," Allie ordered, slapping her mother's ass and enjoying the power she had over her usually nagging mother. She added, "Of course, leave the thigh highs on." 

 Michelle walked away, feeling her daughter's eyes following her, her legs almost giving away underneath her as she scurried to her room. 

 Horny, confused, and scared to disobey, the mother got undressed, lay on her bed and began pleasuring herself, stunned at how wet she already was. As she closed her eyes, this afternoon flashed back in waves, both visually in her head and literally in her body. 

 It took seconds for her orgasm to begin to build; less than two minutes before the pleasure was at full intensity and about to erupt. 

 

 blackmailed-pet01.jpg] 

 The increasing pleasure eventually hit eruption and she let out a loud moan as she pictured perfectly Kim's pussy and the exotic taste and scent that went with it. 

 Once her orgasm finished its lengthy journey through her, she got dressed again and went to watch television with her husband... guilt again hitting her. 

 This had to stop!!! 

 ..... 

 The next morning, Michelle was in her robe, making breakfast for her husband and daughter like she always did when Allie walked up to her and whispered, "That is a second punishment." 

 "For what?" the Mom asked, although she should have taken on the mother role and took back control of her household. 

 "For not wearing thigh highs," the daughter answered, before asking, "are you wearing panties?" 

 "Yes," the Mom asked. 

 "That is three," Allie added, shaking her head at the reality her mother was a slow learner. 

 "Allie, enough," Michelle said, finally standing up for herself, just as her husband walked in. 

 "Later, Mommy pet," Allie whispered and walked away, already deciding she was taking the first class off from school tomorrow to begin her mother's training. 

 Michelle was rattled again, but tried to remain calm and normal through breakfast. Once Jeremy left, she went upstairs to her room to shower. She saw on her bed another pair of high thighs and a note. 

 Put these on, now. 

 Michelle picked them up and noticed they were slightly different than the pair yesterday, with a pattern on the back. She was about to go shower first, before considering obeying or disobeying her daughter's order when her daughter's voice startled her. 

 "Why are they not on yet?" Allie asked, angrily. 

 Michelle turned around and gasped. Her daughter was dressed as a complete skank and, worse yet, had something in her hand. "What are you wearing?" she asked, even as he eyes lowered to get a good look at her daughter's shaved pussy. 

 

 blackmailed-pet02.jpg] 

 "I ask the questions here," Allie clarified, whip in hand. "Now, get the thigh highs on!" 

 "Allie, we need to talk," the mom tried to rationalize. 

 "Mother," Allie sighed heavily, walking to her mother, knowing this was a critical moment in the domme-submissive relationship, "This is black and white. I own you. I am your mistress, and you're my pet, my submissive, my slut, my slave." 

 Michelle trembled in fear and frustration, her pussy getting inexplicably wet. "Allie, you are my daughter." 

 "And you're my mother," Allie shrugged, before adding sarcastically, "thanks for clearing up those family terms." 

 "This is incest," the Mom pointed out. 

 "They say 'incest is best' or 'keep it in the family' or 'the family that plays together, stays together," Allie listed. 

 "Allie, this stops now! I'm your mother and I make the decisions in this household," the mother strongly responded, knowing she had to make the statement now. 

 Allie scoffed. "Mom, you really are not too bright." 

 "Don't you dare talk to me like that," Michelle snapped, anger instantly bubbling at the condescending attitude of her daughter. Like most mothers and daughters, they often had such confrontations, but none that had been about something as taboo as this. Michelle understood this was a power struggle and although she had a moment of weakness yesterday, another one last night and yet another brief one this morning, she was done. 

 "I'll talk to you however I want to, Mother," Allie snapped back, walking to her, whip in hand. 

 "I'm serious," Michelle continued, even though she didn't feel as strong as she tried to be. 

 "And so am I, Mother," Allie responded, now directly in front of her mother, "so I guess we will see who is more serious." 

 Michelle said, trying for a rational approach, "Look Allie. This is wrong and it can't continue." 

 Allie again scoffed, her finger moving between her mother's tits, "As I said before Mother, this is just getting started. I have so many plans for you... so, so, many. 

 Michelle slapped her daughter's hand away, even though it felt incredibly good. This was her final stand and she couldn't break her resolve at all. 

 Allie roared, tossing her whip on the bed and pinching both her mother's already very erect nipples, "Don't you ever fucking dismiss me again. Is that fucking clear?" 

 "Y-y-yes,|" Michelle stammered, suddenly terrified of her daughter. She was also bewildered by the reality that the pain from having her nipples pinched and twisted somehow made her pussy leak. 

 "Do you really want Dad to know you're a rug muncher?" Allie asked. 

 "No, no, okay," the Mom cried, shocked by her daughter's roughness and suddenly feeling completely helpless. She loved her husband and didn't want him to know about her behaviour over the past twenty-four hours. 

 Allie let go of her mother's nipples and returned to calm, "Good, Mommy, now be a good pet and put on the nylons. I always expect you to be in nylons." 

 The Mom nodded, as she felt her cheeks burn red at the condescending treatment. Yet, she sat on the edge of the bed and put the nylons on. 

 As her mother finally obeyed, Allie explained, "If you listen like a good pet, you will be rewarded with the most delicious delicacy in the world... my delicious cunt. If you disobey, not only will you be refused this privilege that only a few lucky pets are allowed, but you will be punished." 

 The mother couldn't believe what she was hearing. Nor could she believe how her daughter's words were turning her on, only confusing her more. 

 Trying to hide her excitement, Michelle asked, "Punishment?" 

 "You'll see soon," Allie foreshadowed before walking back a few feet to begin the clear hierarchy of Mistress verses submissive. "Knees, Mommy-pet." 

 Michelle, beginning to feel completely drawn in by her daughter, remembering the sweet taste of her daughter's pussy and the promise of more, felt her body obey the command. 

 "What should you say when given a command?" Allie asked. 

 Michelle wasn't sure the answer at first, but recalling Kim's answer responded, the words sounding strange and yet oddly natural, "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good girl," Allie purred, already mastering the ability to be soft and hard as the moment dictated. 

 "Crawl to me, Mommy-pet," Allie ordered. 

 "Yes, Mistress," the mother instinctively replied, as she began crawling... the humiliation burning through her very being. 

 

 blackmailed-pet03.jpg] 

 "Good, Mommy-pet," Allie again complimented, excited at her mother's obedience. She always got a rush when a new pet broke... that moment when they accepted their new role. 

 Reaching her daughter's feet, Michelle looked up and saw her daughter's pussy. Instantly, her mouth was watering. 

 "Hungry?" Allie asked her newest pet, knowing her mother was staring at her cunt. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Michelle nodded, looking up at her daughter. 

 "And you want to munch on my snatch again?" Allie questioned, loving being crude. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Michelle nodded, even though she hated the crudeness of her daughter. 

 "So you want to lick your own daughter's cunt?" Allie questioned, wanting to shame her mother, wanting to take away every ounce of denial. 

 Michelle looked down. The reminder that what she was doing was so wrong... what she was doing was incest. 

 

 blackmailed-pet04.jpg] 

 "Say it, Mommy-pet," Allie ordered, moving her whip to her chin. 

 Michelle looked up, guilt hitting her again, "Allie," she whispered. 

 "Mom," Allie sighed. "We both know you want it. Stop your denial. Stop your motherly instinct. And just do what comes natural." 

 "What comes natural?" Michelle asked, confused. 

 "To obey, Mommy-pet," Allie answered. 

 "Allie, this isn't natural," the mother pointed out. 

 "Oh, it's actually the logical hierarchy," Allie began as she walked around her mother and went to the edge of her bed. "You see, you taught me everything you knew and now I will teach you everything I know." 

 Michelle didn't respond. She had no idea what to say, her head spinning. 

 "Crawl to me, Mommy-slut," Allie ordered. 

 Michelle turned around and again crawled to her daughter. 

 Michelle could feel the shame burning through her as she knelt on all fours in front of her own flesh and blood, staring again at her daughter's ripe shaved pussy and it doubled when her daughter crossed her legs, suddenly hiding her pussy. 

 Allie ordered, amused at the look of lust on her mother's face, "Kiss the top of my foot." 

 

 blackmailed-pet05.jpg] 

 The mother couldn't help but obey, as she leaned forward and kissed the top of her daughter's stocking-clad foot. 

 "Good, Mommy-pet," Allie purred, a chill going up her spine at watching her mother obey. 

 The act was humiliating and yet it turned the mother on. This feeling of just obeying was oddly comforting. No thinking... just do as you're told. It was so opposite of the usual expectations of being in charge of the house, the meals and the parenting. 

 "I think you are going to make the best lesbian sex slave ever," Allie purred, as she put her other foot on top of her mom's head... one additional act of power and humiliation. 

 

 blackmailed-pet06.jpg] 

 Michelle sucked each toe in her mouth, treating each one as its own tiny cock. 

 "Such a good girl, Mommy," Allie purred, "I may even reward you if you continue being so obedient." 

 The thought of being rewarded, being allowed to lick her pussy again, made her pussy leak. 

 "Do you want to eat your daughter's cunt?" Allie asked again, already knowing the answer. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Michelle agreed, without stopping sucking her daughter's toes through the sheer nylon. 

 "On your back, Mommy-pet," Allie ordered, reveling in this power over her usually annoying mother. 

 Michelle obeyed, hoping her daughter was going to straddle her face again like yesterday. 

 Allie smiled at the complete obedience of her mother. She stood up above her mother and put her foot in her mother's mouth. 

 "Suck my entire foot, Mommy," Allie ordered, "Let's see that big mouth get to work." 

 

 blackmailed-pet07.jpg] 

 Michelle lifted her head up and obeyed, even though the position was awkward and made her neck sore. She couldn't believe how the more her daughter humiliated her, the more turned on she got. 

 This should have repulsed the mother; she should have stood up for herself long ago; yet, she just kept obeying, praying that the end result would be her tasting her daughter again and hopefully getting off herself. 

 After a couple of minutes, Allie, realizing her mother was partly under the bed somehow, she ordered, "Move back a bit, Mommy-slave." 

 "Yes, Mistress," she obeyed, unsure why she was being requested to do this. 

 Allie watched amused as her mother wiggled backwards, eager to obey her. 

 "Open your legs," Allie obeyed. 

 Michelle obeyed. 

 "Put your hand above your head. 

 Michelle obeyed. 

 "Are you wet, Mommy?" Allie asked, even though she knew the answer as she could see her mother's pussy glistening. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Michelle admitted. 

 "Do you want to come?" Allie asked, as her foot moved to her mother's pussy. 

 

 blackmailed-pet08.jpg] 

 "God, yes," the submissive mother moaned on contact. 

 "From your daughter's foot?" Allie asked. 

 "Yes," she trembled. 

 "Grind your pussy on my heel, Mommy," Allie ordered. 

 "Okay," the horny mother obeyed, lifting up her ass to rub herself on her daughter's stocking-clad heel. It was the most humiliating moment yet, in a 24 hours that had many of them. 

 "Good girl," Allie said, as she watched her mother try to get herself off on her heel. 

 "Oh yes," Michelle moaned, feeling good, but not even close to enough to get herself off. It was simply too awkward. 

 "And you'll obey all your daughter's orders?" Allie questioned. 

 "Yes," the mother agreed, although at the moment she would have agreed she was the Queen of Aruba. 

 Allie then put her foot on her mom's cunt and began rubbing it. "What a slut you are, Mother. Allowing your eighteen year old daughter to get you off in such a sick way." 

 "I know," the mother admitted with a loud moan, the sudden pressure on her pussy sending instant pleasure to her entire body. 

 "God," Allie said, feeling the complete wetness of her mother's pussy, "your cunt is absolutely fucking drenched." 

 "Don't stop," Michelle moaned, trying to grind her cunt on her daughter's foot, although it was extremely hard to do. 

 "You want to come for your Mistress?" Allie asked. 

 "Yes, Mistress," the Mom moaned. 

 "I don't know," Allie said, "you have not always been completely obedient." 

 "I will, I promise," a desperate mother declared. 

 "You'll obey without hesitation?" Allie asked. 

 "Yes, Mistress," the mother nodded, cupping her breasts. 

 

 blackmailed-pet09.jpg] 

 Allie slid her toes to her mother's pussy lips and began rubbing. 

 "Oh, yes," the mother moaned, as the toes teased her. 

 "You're so wet I could probably shove my whole foot in that cunt of yours," Allie quipped, as she continued molesting her mother. 

 More shame coursed through her at the words she heard and yet the pleasure overrode any true feelings of guilt. The horny mother began moving her ass up as her orgasm continued to rise. 

 Sensing her mother was getting close, "Let's test that theory," Allie quipped, as she moved her foot away and ordered, "Come join me on the bed." 

 The mother was frustrated that her daughter had stopped, but quickly began to stand up to follow her daughter. 

 "Crawl, slut," Allie ordered her head. "You are a pet, pets don't walk during play time." 

 "Sorry," the mother oddly replied, freezing. 

 "Sorry, what?" the mistress questioned, as she got on the bed and lay down. 

 "Sorry, Mistress," the obedient pet repeated, returning to her knees and crawling to her own bed. 

 "Good, subby," Allie purred, as she opened her legs as if she was going to offer her mother a taste of her perfection. 

 The mother crawled on the bed and moved to between her daughter's legs, the inviting pussy drawing her in like a magnet. 

 "No, no, no, Mommy," Allie laughed, "you have not earned that privilege yet. "No, you got my stocking all wet with that cunt of yours. Now suck your cum off my foot." 

 More humiliation, more denial. The mother sighed slightly at the disappointment. 

 "Did you just sigh?" Allie asked, her tone instantly changing. 

 "Sorry, Mistress," the mom quickly apologized "it's just, I was hoping." She froze mid-sentence realizing her words were ridiculous. 

 "Hoping for what, Mommy?" Allie asked, her tone still firm. 

 "I-um-I," the Mom knew what she wanted, but didn't want to say it. 

 "Say it, slut," Allie roared, patience was not one of her strong virtues. 

 She blurted out, "I was hoping to lick your pussy." 

 "Ohhhhh," Allie nodded, before adding, "and you will. When you have earned it." 

 The Mom didn't say anything. Her hunger and her daughter's expectations rather absurd. 

 "Now clean my stocking," Allie demanded. 

 The mom, her eyes never leaving her daughter's pussy, took her daughter's ankle, lifted it up and took it in her mouth again. This time she could indeed smell her sex, taste her sex. It only added to the humiliation, although the mother had long ago crossed the line of that being significant. She couldn't explain it, but obeying her daughter, no matter how ludicrous and demeaning, seemed a must. It made her feel good, it made her want to obey. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Cheerleader's Mom: Blackmailed Pet ****** bysilkstockingslover© "Good, Mommy," Allie whispered, "clean up your mess." 

 And the mother did, surprised by the oddly satisfying taste of herself, something she had never tasted. She had fingered herself and gave a whiff out of curiosity, but she had never actually put her own finger in her mouth. 

 

 blackmailed-pet10.jpg] 

 "Are you enjoying yourself?" the amused daughter asked. 

 "Yes, Mistress," the mom mindlessly replied, focused on sucking on the toes, all the while continuing to stare at her daughter's inviting, glistening pussy. 

 Allie glanced at the clock, she needed to be at school in thirty minutes. She could miss period 1, she already had Mrs. Walker under her spell and between her legs. But Mr. Pierce was a different matter. 

 She wanted to get off, but she also knew that only denying her mother what she wanted could lead to true complete obedience. Allie ordered, giving her one more false hope, "On your back, mother." 

 "Yes, Mistress," the hopeful mother obeyed. If she wasn't going to be allowed to lick her daughter, maybe her daughter would lick her. 

 Allie got off the bed, a devious idea forming in her head, "Don't move, pet." 

 "Yes, Mistress." 

 Allie rushed to her room, grabbed a dildo and returned. As expected, her mother hadn't moved at all. She returned to the bed and slid the dildo into her mother's soaking wet pussy. 

 "Ohhhhhhhh," the horny mother moaned, the roller coaster ride of teasing and pleasing driving her wild with lust. 

 "You like that, Mommy?" Allie asked. 

 "Yes," she moaned, as the long denied orgasm again began to build. 

 "What do you love, slut?" Allie questioned. 

 "You fucking me." 

 "Be specific slut," Allie demanded, "Who are you?" 

 "My daughter fucking her mother's wet cunt," the mother declared, feeling dirty talking so nasty. 

 

 blackmailed-pet11.jpg] 

 "And you want your daughter to get you off?" Allie asked, as she pulled the toy out. 

 "Noooo," the mom whined as the toy left her. She then processed the question asked and corrected herself, "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Which is it, bimbo slave?" Allie questioned, adding to the insults. 

 "I want my beautiful Mistress daughter to fuck her slut Mother until she comes," the mother declared, trying to impress her daughter by talking so slutty. 

 "Move to the edge of the bed, pussy cum slut," Allie demanded, deciding she was really going to push her to the brink. 

 The mother quickly obeyed the demand, dying to have that dildo back in her. 

 

 blackmailed-pet12.jpg] 

 Allie, time of the essence, resumed fucking her mother. She warned though, "You can't come until I give you permission, is that clear?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," Michelle moaned, even though she had already failed that task once. 

 Allie furiously bumped the dildo in and of her moaning mother, trying to time the withdrawal at the perfect moment, something else she had perfected in her time of dominating other submissive sluts. 

 "Oh please, may I come?" the mother begged. 

 "Not yet," Allie replied, continuing to push the mother to the brink. 

 "Oh God, so close," the Mom declared. 

 Allie pulled the toy out again, and ordered, "Knees slut." 

 "What? Nooooooooo, please let me come," the puddle of lust mother pleaded. 

 "No," Allie replied, yanking her mother off the bed and onto the floor. "Your punishment for disobeying is to not be allowed to come." 

 "Please, I'll do anything," the desperate mother replied, looking up at her daughter with pleading eyes. 

 Instead, Allie shoved the dildo in her mother's mouth and ordered, "Clean up my dick." 

 

 blackmailed-pet13.jpg] 

 The mother had no choice but to obey, as her daughter roughly fucked her face with the dildo. The taste of her pussy combined with rubber not overly appealing. 

 Humiliation and frustration cascaded through the horny mother as her leaking pussy begged for attention. 

 Allie did this for a minute before ordering one last task... her trademark move. "Back on the bed, Mother." 

 "Yes, Mistress," Michelle responded, when the dildo left her mouth. Michelle crawled onto the bed and wasn't sure what positon to be in. She asked, "Knees or back, Mistress?" 

 Allie smiled at such a submissive question. "Back, Mommy-pet." 

 Michelle rolled onto her back and awaited whatever teasing took place next. 

 Allie got on the bed, positioned herself opposite of her mother, leaned her ass into her mother's wetness, and moved her stocking-clad feet to her mom's face. 

 

 blackmailed-pet14.jpg] 

 Allie couldn't explain it, but she had always enjoyed doing this to her pets. It actually made her own pussy get wet and felt like the final step of stocking submission. "Smell and lick my soles, Mommy-pet," Allie ordered. 

 Michelle couldn't believe how such a humiliating task could feel so good. The silk nylon felt so soft and smooth on her face. The smell of her daughter's feet was surprisingly like strawberries. As the mother licked, she realized her daughter must have put perfume on her feet... odd, yet captivating. The pressure on her pussy by her daughter's ass only enhanced the marathon tease as well. 

 "So Mommy," Allie asked, a couple of minutes later, "You understand your new position?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," Michelle replied. 

 "And what position is that?" Allie asked, always enjoying the response to this question, at this moment. 

 "To be your unconditional, submissive, Mommy pet," the Mom replied. 

 "Good answer," Allie replied, as she rolled off the bed. "Unfortunately, I need to get to school." 

 "You're already quite late," Michelle pointed out, somehow able to quickly shift into mother mode. 

 Allie shrugged, "It's okay. Mrs. Walker will mark me as present." 

 "Why?" the naive mother asked. 

 "Because she is one of my teacher pets," Allie replied, before instructing, "You are not allowed to come today at all, is that clear?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," the frustrated but obedient mother nodded. 

 "Good," Allie smiled and then added, all sing-song, "Have a good day." 

 "You too," Michelle replied. 

 Allie said, "Oh I always do. Plus, I'll have Kim or another pet get me off as soon as I get to school." 

 "You will?" the mother asked, disappointed her daughter hadn't allowed her to get her off. 

 "Well, yes, you got me pretty horny," Allie shrugged, "but until I know you are a hundred percent submissive, obedient, eager pussy slave you can't have my cunt." 

 Before Michelle could respond to the ridiculous statement, Allie walked out. 

 The bewildered, horny mother, lay back on her bed and contemplated all that had happened until she heard the front door close a few minutes later. She considered disobeying the order, her pussy figuratively on fire with lust. Yet, she somehow felt compelled to obey. She then decided to have a shower, praying that the cold shower theory worked on women too. She would learn it didn't. 

 Michelle spent the rest of the day in the same roller coaster state as during her earlier sexual submission to her daughter: guilt at committing incest; guilt at allowing her daughter to treat her so poorly; shame at the obvious reality she enjoyed it; anticipation at what her daughter had planned for her next; guilt at the reality she had anticipation in the first place; guilt that after years of being faithful to her husband, it was with her daughter that she became a cheater. 

 The mother knew she had to end this: both because it was morally wrong and illegal... plus she couldn't handle the intense teasing that she had experienced. 

 Of course, her daughter had much different plans. 

 ..... 

 That night, after dinner, her husband went to have a shower. 

 Michelle was again just beginning to put stuff away from dinner when Allie ordered, "We got to hurry." 

 "For what?" Michelle asked, turning around and seeing Allie without her skirt but with a strap-on cock pointing at her. 

 "A good fucking," Allie answered, snapping her fingers and pointing to the ground. She was quite curious if her mother would obey with her father upstairs... yet was confident she would, a true submissive can't resist obeying no matter how much they want to refuse. 

 "You can't be serious?" the Mom asked, even though the idea of getting fucked appealed to her greatly... orgasm denial had been driving her nuts. 

 "I'm always serious when it comes to disciplining my pets," Allie responded, shifting to domme mode, before adding, "now get on your knees and get my cock ready for that cunt of yours." 

 "Your father is upstairs," the mother and wife protested, even as her pussy tingled. 

 "And he will take a 20 minute crap before he showers," Allie responded, which was likely true, his ritual was standard. "Now, hurry up." 

 "Fine," the Mother replied, beginning to drop to her knees, figuring if she obeyed quickly maybe she could get off and also avoid getting caught. 

 "Get your skirt off, Mommy-slut," Allie ordered, always pushing her pets. 

 "What if he...." The concerned wife began, but was cut off. 

 "Now!" the domme demanded loudly, knowing exactly when to be firm and... a bit scary. 

 Not wanting Jeremy to hear her, or catch them, the mother quickly obeyed the order and dropped to her knees. 

 "Good Mommy," Allie purred, as her mom knelt before her and took the cock in her mouth. 

 Knowing time was of the essence, the Mommy-pet bobbed quickly. 

 

 blackmailed-pet15.jpg] 

 As the submissive bobbed, Allie put her hands on the back of her mom's head and shoved the entire cock in her mouth, making her gag briefly. 

 Jeremy occasionally got rough and face fucked Michelle, so she quickly adjusted her breathing and position. 

 "Such a good cocksucker, Mommy," Allie purred, before adding, "I bet the football players would love that mouth of yours." 

 The Mom's eyes were closed, but opened wide at those shocking words. Although she had technically cheated on Jeremy, she had convinced herself that by being with girls it wasn't really cheating and he would probably enjoy watching (although likely not with his daughter). 

 "That's right, Mommy," Allie continued, enjoying the look of sheer terror in her mother's eyes. "A cheerleading Mommy slut would likely love to have some football cock." 

 "Want to get fucked?" Allie asked, pulling the cock out of her mom's mouth, as she glanced at the clock on the wall. 

 "Let's go to your bedroom," the mother suggested, Jeremy not likely to go in their daughter's room. 

 "Stand up and bend over, Mommy-slut," Allie ordered, ignoring her mother's actually very good suggestion. But she knew that public sex, risky sex, always enhanced the orgasm and the ultimate submission. 

 "Please," Michelle began, as she stood up. 

 "Now!" Allie roared again, annoyed by her mom's lack of obedience. "This isn't a fucking debate. You do as you're told." Allie spun her mother around, bent her over and slammed her cock in her very horny mother in one hard thrust. 

 "Oooooh," Michelle moaned in surprise as her pussy was filled; her fevered, neglected pussy instantly being stimulated. 

 

 blackmailed-pet16.jpg] 

 "Holy shit, Mother, you're soaking wet," Allie quipped, "you either love submitting to me or you are already envisioning your football gangbang." 

 When her mother didn't respond, Allie added, "Or maybe both." 

 "Oh, God," the submissive moaned, not defending herself, instead enjoying the intense pleasure that her daughter was giving her. 

 "Doesn't Daddy fuck you like this?" Allie questioned. "He must know that you are a submissive little plaything." 

 'He does on occasion, but very rarely', Michelle thought to herself. 

 "Don't you dare come yet," Allied ordered, knowing her mother was on the brink of eruption. 

 Somehow the risk of getting caught only added to the pleasure, as Michelle could feel her orgasm building quickly. "Okaaaay," she moaned, knowing it would be difficult to hold back if Allie kept fucking her this hard. 

 "If you come, you will get a naughty punishment tomorrow, Mommy," Allie warned, as she continued the hard deep thrusts. 

 "Please let me come," the MILF begged, forgetting completely that her husband was upstairs or that this was my daughter fucking her. 

 The dominant daughter pushed her submissive mother against the counter-top, another aggressive act and asked, pushing her mother deeper into complete submission, "You really want to come from getting fucked by your daughter?" 

 

 blackmailed-pet17.jpg] 

 Michelle hated the question. She knew the answer should have been no. She knew she should stand up for herself. Yet, of course, like a true submissive, she didn't do any of those things. Instead, she gave up any last shreds of dignity she had left (although maybe she didn't have any left to give) and admitted, "Yes." 

 "Yes, what?" the domme questioned, stopping fucking her mother and leaving the dildo deep inside her. 

 "Yes, Mistress," the horny mom corrected. 

 "Yes, Mistress, what?" Allie questioned, bucking her hips hard into her pet once, continuing the training. 

 "Yes, Mistress, Mommy wants to come from getting fucked by her beautiful, cheerleading daughter," the desperate to please, desperate to come mother declared, suddenly wanting nothing more than to submit to her daughter completely. 

 "You really are a slut," Allie purred, as she leaned forward and resumed fucking her mother. 

 "Oh yes, I'm your slut, Mistress Allie," the completely taken mom declared, wanting her daughter to know how desperately she wanted to be her submissive. Her daughter had stirred feelings deep inside her; feelings that she had not felt before. The feeling was mixed with the pleasure she was giving her. The mom was completely at her daughter's whim. 

 "Don't you come," she warned, knowing her mother was close as her breathing increasing quickly. 

 "I can't hold back," the horny as hell mom warned, the pleasure too intense to control. 

 "If you come, you will be punished tomorrow," Allie warned, knowing she would keep fucking her mother until she came anyway... it was a part of the training. 

 But it was too late for the mother, as she bit her lip to old in a scream as her orgasm rushed through her. 

 "You fucking dumb slut," Allie scolded, even though she was smiling as she kept fucking her pet. "You just can't obey simple instructions, can you?" 

 "Sorry, Mistress," the orgasming mother weakly apologized. 

 "Or maybe you like getting punished," Allie declared. "Is that it, Mommy-slut? You like getting punished like a little slut?" 

 "Yes, Mistress," the mother admitted, although she was so delirious with euphoria she wasn't completely sure what she had just agreed to. 

 "Back on your knees, mother," Allie demanded, always loving making her pets clean up their own juices off of the toy that had just fucked them. 

 When the exhausted, still coming mother didn't move, Allie spun her around and pushed her roughly to the floor and slid the cum coated cock in her mother's mouth. "Clean it up, and you better hurry, I hear the shower running." 

 

 blackmailed-pet18.jpg] 

 Suddenly recalling where she was, and who was home, Michelle, bobbed hungrily on the cock, tasting her own juices, which were pleasantly tasty. 

 Allie let her mother suck the cock until the shower stopped. Pulling out, she said, "You have been a bad pet, Mother." 

 "I'm sorry, Mistress," Michelle apologized, wanting this to end quickly before her husband caught them. 

 "You will be punished tomorrow," Allie said, as she grabbed her skirt and walked away. 

 Michelle quickly grabbed her skirt, put it on and sighed. What was coming over her? What she did was risky as hell. Was she really willing to have her marriage end to appease her bitchy daughter? In the heat of the moment, the answer seemed to be, sadly, yes. 

 The mother knew then that she had to find a way to control her urges... because if she didn't, her entire life was about to crumble in front of her. 

 Meanwhile, Allie texted a friend, a fellow domme from another school, and asked: 

 Want to help train my mother? 

 THE END FOR NOW.... 

 COMING NEXT: Creating a Lez 

 DELETED CONCEPT PHOTO (Foot Kick and Toe Ass Tease): 

 Writing this had been a blast and a lot of photos are requested and rendered. 

 With that in mind, a lot of photos have not been used. 

 Here is a picture from a deleted idea that was shot down almost as quickly as it was thought up. Originally, during all the foot play, Allie was going to kick her mom in the ass when she disobeyed. Yet, although Allie is a bitch and a somewhat cold Mistress, I didn't want to portray her doing something so random and demeaning (I know... irony based on everything else she has done to her mother and will do in future chapters). 

 The second picture was one I liked, but felt that it was too early to have Michelle looking like she was enjoying anything anal. I'll save that for a future chapter Gaping that Ass. 

 Anyways, here is the photo that wasn't used: 

 

 blackmailed-pet19.jpg] 

 

 blackmailed-pet20.jpg] Report_Story 