#1 

 

 ****** Cocksucking College Sister ****** bysilkstockingslover© SUMMARY: A brother accidently gets blown by his sister and becomes obsessed. 

 Note 1: This is a story for the National Nude Day Competition. So please vote. 

 Note 2: A special thank you goes to Steve B and Estragon for editing this story. 

 * 

 COCKSUCKING COLLEGE SISTER 

 I have always believed in fate; in the theory that everything happens for a reason. Such a philosophy has brought me a fair amount of ridicule over the years from my buddies. That said, only a crazy amount of fate or destiny could have allowed the dominoes to fall the way they did. So if you are curious how my sister ended up my personal fuck-toy keep reading. 

 I am twenty-two years old and, if I do say so myself, very good looking. I am 6'2, black as night hair, green eyes and all muscle. I have just returned from a stint in the military and am in the best shape of my life. I should also note that I have never had a problem with the ladies. While I wouldn't say they flock to me, I can say I have never gone very long between oil changes, if you get my drift. 

 My sister, Lily, on the other hand, was my polar opposite. She was shy, unlike my outgoing personality. She was a genius, unlike me with my solid 'D' average. She had never dated while I lived at home, when I had a different girlfriend every couple of weeks. And she was the epitome of nerd, wearing her hair in pigtails, wearing out-of-fashion glasses and always carrying a book. She also always wore long skirts and dressed as if she had just been time-warped from 1955. To make matters even worse, she had been wearing braces for the past three years. 

 Anyway, when I returned from overseas, Lily had just begun college. It was just one week into the term and I imagined she would already be deep into Advanced Calculus for fun. 

 The night that changed everything started like so many other uneventful nights. I had a date with a chick I had met a week earlier. I figured we would eat, catch a flick and then fuck. Meatloaf sings two out of three ain't bad, but it sure is when the one I don't get is laid. 

 As fate would have it, I got a call from a high school buddy who was now a member of Alpha Delta something or other. He sounded drunk as he slurred on the phone, "Dude, get your ass to the Alpha house now." 

 "Why?" I asked having been there last weekend at a so-called party, where the guys outnumbered the girls ten to one. It was the ultimate sausagefest and quite frankly I had enough of that in the military. 

 "Dude, the initiation of Pi Sigma Pi is underway," he hollered. 

 "So?" I asked, not really interested. 

 "Fifty co-eds all in lingerie and competing in different sorority competitions," he screamed into the phone. 

 "Real lingerie?" I questioned, sick of a flimsy nightie being considered lingerie. Real lingerie was garters and stockings or at the very least thigh high stockings. 

 "Yes, you fucking picky dick. They are all wearing stockings or fishnets. Now get your fucking ass over here," he yelled into the phone before hanging up. I should explain I am a leg man and especially get turned on by a woman in stockings. Curiosity got the better of me and I high-tailed it over to the house. 

 Once inside, I was in fetish perversion heaven. Dave wasn't lying, there were co-eds in garters and stockings everywhere. At the moment, each potential sorority candidate was strutting her stuff on stage for a roomful of horny and inebriated frat boys. I was mesmerized by the girls on stage, particularly a cute redhead in all pink who seemed to really enjoy being the center of attention. As I stared and practically drooled at the parade of hot lingerie- clad co-eds who continued to showcase their assets, Dave found me. 

 "Dude, you made it. Fucking amazing, right?" Dave asked as he high-fived me. 

 "Fucking amazing," I echoed, entranced by all the stockings. 

 "Dude, make sure you enter the glory hole draw." 

 "What?" I asked, barely listening, my eyes glued to some fake blonde, fake titted girl in a too tight for her corset and black stockings. 

 "It's tradition. Every year there is a raffle. It costs 20 bucks to enter and if you are drawn you get to go back to our secret glory hole rooms and have one of the initiates gobble your cock." 

 "Really?" I asked, stunned by such a sexual initiation. 

 "Yeah, it is one of their biggest fundraisers of the year," Dave explained. 

 "I imagine so," I mused. I pulled out 20 bucks, "Where do I make my contribution?" 

 Dave pointed me over to a couple of girls dressed in actual clothing. I assumed they were already sorority members. They took my money and handed me a raffle ticket. The very cute brunette wished me good luck. Playing suave, I flirted, "I didn't need luck". She gave a flirty laugh and I knew I had her. I figured if I didn't win a glory hole slut, I wouldn't have much trouble getting her to polish my cane. I watched a few more girls strut their stuff as I had a couple of shots and a beer. Dave and I shot the shit like guys do. 'Yeah that was an amazing fucking game,' 'Fuck she's hot' or 'Yes, we should have a Madden 2011 all-nighter.' 

 Half an hour passed and Dave informed me that Saturday night was even crazier as that was when the sorority pledges all had to do something exhibitionist. He went on to explain that last year he watched a girl get dp'd, a few girls dykeing out and one girl who sucked twenty cocks including his. He quoted Barney from How I Met Your Mother, "It was....wait for it... fucking legendary." I agreed it sounded legendary and he better fucking be inviting me tomorrow night. Once that was all settled, a ridiculously hot blonde came on- stage, dressed in cowboy boots and jeans and announced, "We will now draw winners for tonight's special fundraiser. If you win, please go over to Rachel by the back room entrance there and claim your prize." She pointed to another hot blonde before continuing, "We have thirty-eight pledges this year. So we will have thirty-eight lucky winners." 

 The hot blonde would say a name and then a number. I didn't expect to win and was genuinely surprised when I heard my number called. Being somewhat drunk by this time, I wasn't really paying attention and didn't even hear the name of the girl I had won. I went over to Rachel and showed her my winning ticket. She allowed me in and another co-ed led me back to a special room. I waited in line for about fifteen minutes until yet another co-ed, gorgeous like the rest of them, led me through one of four doors in a small room. 

 It wasn't my first glory hole experience, but knowing some hot co-ed wannabe was on the other side had me revved to go. I wasted no time dropping my pants and sliding my nine-inch cock into the hole. I smiled when I heard a girl's voice, "Wow Lilly, today is your lucky day. You get a fucking huge cock to suck." I vaguely heard the name Lilly, but made no correlation at the time that the girl who was about to suck my dick had the same name as my sister. No remote inkling that I was about to commit incest. The co-ed used her tongue and licked around the head of my cock. She followed the slow tease by taking the head of my cock into her mouth and using an abundance of saliva like I had never felt before. It was like my cock was in a hot washing machine and the water was swirling around and around on my cock. It was an amazing sensation I had never felt in my life and I have had at least fifty women blow me, probably more. As the amazing blowjob continued, the experienced co-ed would deep throat me taking most of my large cock in her mouth. I moaned loudly as she finally, after at least five minutes of teasing, began to bob up and down on my rod. I wished desperately to be able to see her face, to watch this co-ed cocksucker devour me whole. Alas, I imagined it was the hot redhead I had seen earlier strutting her stuff. Just as I began to feel the bubbling in my balls, she took my cock out of her mouth, slid her tongue down my shaft and back up. This girl was a fucking tease. If the wall wasn't between us, I would have grabbed her head and face fucked her till I shot my load. Just as I was about to order her to get back to sucking my cock, she swallowed me whole. I began to move my hips, trying to fuck her mouth from the other side, knowing I was going to come soon. She seemed to catch on and began to bob on my cock in a furiously fast pace. It took less than thirty seconds of this hardcore sucking to shoot my load down the throat of this eager and experienced co-ed. Unlike most girls who have sucked my cock, she kept sucking, coaxing out every last drop of my cum. It was easily the best blowjob I have ever had. 

 About one minute later, when my orgasm had completely subsided, the unknown co- ed allowed my cock to slip out of her mouth. She gave one last pull with her hand and she was gone. Sadly, I pulled my pants up and returned to the party. 

 I re-connected with Dave and we had a couple more shots and a couple more beers. The night seemed to be coming to an end. Just as I figured I should call it a night, the cowboy boot wearing sorority chick came back on stage, "Well, boys, I hope you enjoyed your night. I expect all of you back here tomorrow for the grand finale when the sorority pledge sluts fulfill one last task. To whet your appetite, here are the girls one last time." 

 The pledges came on one at a time, did a little wave, blew kisses, and flashed their tits. The dorm dudes whooped and hollered as each girl bathed in the excessive attention. Just as I went to take one last swig of my beer, I saw a sight that shook the very being of my existence. In a millisecond, everything I knew shattered in front of my eyes. My sister, Lilly, was a pledge. My sweet, innocent, nerdy sister was a pledge. That meant, quite likely, that my geeky sister had just sucked my cock. Not only that, my geeky sister had given me easily the best blowjob of my life. I stared at my sister, in pigtails, and a plaid school skirt, beige thigh highs, my favourite colour, and a tight white t-shirt that barely kept in her surprisingly large breasts. Once she had disappeared back behind stage, I quickly went to the sorority chick I was flirting with earlier and asked, "Is there more than one Lilly pledging?" 

 She surveyed her sheet and teased, "And why would you like to know?" 

 I shrugged, playing it cool, "Oh, just curious." 

 She smiled, "Nope, only one." She put her hand on my crotch, "I'm a little curious too." 

 Trying to distract myself from the sin I had just committed. I grabbed her hand and suggested we get out of there. She agreed and, twenty minutes later, we were in her sorority room and she was begging to be fucked. I suggested she blow me first, she generously obliged. Unfortunately, she was nowhere near as good as my sister. After a couple of minutes of adequate sucking, I tossed her on the bed and thrust my huge hard dick into her. I sucked on her big breasts while I pounded her with no other focus but shooting my load. As I fucked the easy co-ed, my sister's image kept popping into my head. I continually attempted to replace the image with someone else, but I couldn't erase my adorably cute sister and the image of her sweet lips around my cock. The co-ed screamed for me to fuck her faster and I did. Having already come only an hour before, I lasted an impressively long time in the co-ed's sopping wet cunt. Realizing I wasn't going to cum this way, I ordered her onto all fours and used her wetness to lubricate her ass. She gave a surprised moan and called me a bad boy. I slapped her ass in agreement and began to penetrate her ass. She whimpered in a mixture of pleasure and pain, clearly she had been fucked in the ass before. My cock disappeared between her slightly chunky white cheeks rather easily and soon my cock was buried in her ass. Rather tired from fucking her, I ordered her to bounce back on my cock and fuck me. She called me a bad boy again and climbed back on my cock. Her moans increased and my mind again played tricks on me as I imagined it was my sister who was riding my pole. Giving into my perverse kink, I imagined the no-name co-ed I was currently fucking was my sister and within seconds my blood was flowing. Knowing I was incredibly close to coming, I grabbed her ass and fucked her, desperate to explode. Less than a minute later, I pulled out, surprised the naughty co-ed as I shoved my cock, which was just in her ass, into her mouth. She attempted to take my cock out of her mouth, but I held her head and fucked her face furiously. Her resistance faded and she used her tongue a bit as I used her lips to get me off. Loving to see a girl's face covered in my cum, I pulled out just as my first wad was released spraying her nose, forehead and chin. She closed her eyes as I coated her face. Once done, I put my cock back in her mouth and ordered her to clean my cock. Like a good little slut, she obeyed. As my cock shrivelled in her mouth, I finally pulled out and got dressed. I, like a gentleman, thanked her for a good time and headed home. 

 ********** 

 The next morning, I replayed last night in my head. My sister had sucked my cock. I should have been disgusted and mortified. Yet, my dick standing at full mast suggested otherwise. I wondered how long she had been sucking dick. Based on how she pleased me, she had been doing it for a while. I also wondered what she had planned for her exhibitionist activity today. 

 I called my Mom and asked for Lilly's cell number. I called my sister and asked if she wanted to go out for lunch. She, not knowing I was back from my overseas deployment, was giddy with excitement to see her big brother (pardon the obvious pun). We made arrangements and I hung up. I lay back on my bed, still rock hard, as I pondered how I was going to take advantage of this situation. How was I going to get my sister to be my fuck-toy? 

 ********** 

 She was already there when I got to the cafe, dressed like she usually did in a long skirt, big sweater and pony-tail, no evidence of the hot naughty side she so casually presented to a couple of hundred frat boys just last night. No way of knowing that underneath her bulky sweater was a pair of large delicious ready-to-fuck tits. She gave me a big sisterly hug. A chill went up my spine as I felt her large breasts crushed against my chest. We had lunch and I shared my stories of life as a soldier and she told me about her graduation, summer band camp and starting college. When all the catching up was done, I asked, "So where are you staying?" 

 "In the dorm right now," she answered, but adding, with giddy excitement, "I am pledging for Pi Sigma Pi." 

 "Really?" I responded, feigning surprise. "Good for you. Don't they have crazy initiations?" 

 Her face went beat red. She stammered, "Y-y-yes they are a little crazy." 

 "Like what?" 

 "Oh you know. We had to hit on a nerdy kid, we had to do a dine and dash, we have to be the peasants for the senior girls, blah-de-blah-blah-blah," she answered, avoiding the truth. 

 "Oh good," I said, giving a dramatic sigh of relief, "because a buddy of mine called me last night and said at his frat house the alpha delta something or other there was some crazy sorority pledge challenge where every pledge had to perform a glory hole task." 

 My sister went from red as an apple to white as a ghost in a heartbeat. She stammered, "Oh-m-m-my, that is crazy." 

 "Thank goodness that was not you, baby sister." Silence filled the air while I waited for my sister to speak. Finally I went for the kill. "I was worried for a second. I was at the frat house last night and won a glory hole blowjob. After I presented my cock to the co-ed slut, I heard a girl say something like 'Wow, Lilly, today is your lucky day.' So for a minute there I was worried it was you who gave me the most amazing blowjob I had ever received and trust me, I have received many." 

 "Oh my God," she gasped and repeated in a chant, "Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God." 

 "What Lilly?" I asked, as I reached over and comforted her gently. 

 She broke down in tears. I gently rubbed her back, like a good brother would do for an upset sibling. Just when I was about to speak, Lilly stood up and ran away. I wondered if I had fucked up. Would she still go to tonight's final initiation? I cursed to myself as I finished my coffee and contemplated my next move. 

 ********** 

 That night, I purposely got to the frat house fashionably late and surveyed the room. Although I wouldn't call it an all out orgy, there was a reasonable amount of exhibitionism everywhere. It made my A.D.D. brain malfunction as I attempted to take it all in. A cute blonde, as white as a girl can be, was blowing a large six foot something black guy; another blonde chick, too skinny for her own good, was jacking off two cocks; although I couldn't see the penetration behind the table, I assumed the short Asian girl moving up and down was fucking the guy she was straddling; and on the stage itself the hot redhead from last night had a brunette between her legs lapping her cunt. It was frat boy heaven. I wanted to watch all the naughty sex acts, to find my own sorority pledge to play with, but I was focused on finding Lilly. My goal, sick as it was, was to make my sister my fuck-toy. I was convinced she was submissive, based on all those years of trying to please my parents. Always attempting to please everyone, I bet obeying and pleasing had become ingrained in her subconscious. I was confident I was right and just had to figure out how to make it happen. Plus no matter how much I tried, I couldn't get that perfect blowjob out of my head. 

 I continued walking around, desperate to find Lilly. I went into the kitchen, where I was treated to a great performance by a petite strawberry blonde who was fucking her pussy with a rather large cucumber, while a carrot was lodged in her ass. As she fucked herself, she was blowing some rather fat frat boy. I watched the perverse scene for a couple of minutes before continuing on my quest. I grabbed a beer and continued my search. I went upstairs where I was witness to a five-girl lesbian daisy chain, a chick getting dp'd, and a slightly chubby emo looking brunette getting peed on. All this would seem surreal to an average guy, but I had been to Bangkok, so trust me this was tame. Just as I was about to turn around and go back downstairs, I saw a pretty blonde being fucked with a strap-on by the chick I fucked last night. I realized I had never learned her name. I waved and she smiled back as she got verbally abusive to the co-ed she was fucking. 

 I was beginning to worry that maybe I had actually stopped Lilly from coming tonight. I went out back and approached a large group in a big circle. As I got closer and broke through the circle, I saw they were all watching the same thing...my sister. My sister, blindfolded, wearing only thigh high beige stockings was on her knees sucking the cock of a large black guy, a linebacker type. As I perused the scene, I saw that on a chalkboard nearby was the number 12. Even though she had unknowingly sucked my cock last night, I was still stunned by the sight of my wholesome sister sucking a big black cock. I couldn't take my eyes off the sight of my sweet sister sucking cock. 

 I was brought out of my stunned stupor as a guy pointed, "Back of the line." 

 "What?" I asked. 

 "If you want that little nerdy co-ed slut to blow you, get to the back of the line." 

 To my left was a line of six or seven guys waiting for their turn with my sister. Without even thinking, I went to the back of the line. When my gaze returned to my sister, she was sucking a new cock and the chalkboard now read 13. Unlike her teasing and pleasing with me last night at the glory hole, tonight she was sucking with reckless passion, like she was manufacturing blowjobs. Guy 14 blew his wad in a couple of minutes and I moved closer to the front of the line. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Cocksucking College Sister ****** bysilkstockingslover© Over the next twenty minutes, she swallowed a couple more loads and wore a few more. My sister was soaked in cum. Her breasts had cum dripping off them. I was next. I was number 21. 

 After a tall black guy shot his load on my sister's tits, I walked over to my blindfolded sister. Just as I placed my cock at her sweet, shiny, cock-sucking lips, the girl who had been keeping track of my sister's impressive total announced, "Lilly, one of our new recruits, is about to break the Pi Sigma Pi record with her twenty-first cock." 

 The growing crowd went wild and began chanting, "Lilly, Lilly, Lilly." 

 The sorority chick asked me, my cock at my sister's lips, "And what is the name of our record-breaking stud, with a very impressive nine plus inch cock?" 

 As I answered, I pushed my cock into my sister's expert mouth, loud enough for my sister to hear, "Anthony." 

 My sister froze on my cock, realizing she was, for the second time in as many days, committing incest. 

 Wanting to see her face, I pulled off the blindfold. She let my dick fall out of her mouth and she glanced up into my eyes. She looked both embarrassed and mortified. 

 I smiled at her, winked, and ordered, "Suck my cock now, Lilly. Like a good girl." That last sentence was what my nothing-is-ever-good-enough dad always said to her. I could tell she wanted to cry. She looked around and saw a massive audience watching her about to break the record, unaware that the record-breaking cock was her big brother's. Her nervous gaze returned. After a slight pause, a moment of brief consideration, she opened her mouth, maybe to speak or maybe to suck, I have no idea, because I shoved my cock inside. That was all she seemed to need, someone to make the decision for her. She closed her eyes and began sucking my cock. 

 Wanting this to last as long as possible, I suggested, "Slow down Lilly. Put on a nice show for the crowd." She obeyed my order and began to treat my cock like she had last night. She focused on just my mushroom head for what seemed like an eternity, again using saliva in a way I can't even begin to justify in words. She followed this by impressively deep-throating my cock. I let out an uncontrollable moan from her amazing mouth. After a brief time of bopping on my cock, she took it out of her mouth and sucked my balls. Watching my sweet sister pleasuring my dick was the most amazingly erotic thing I had ever felt. Making the scene even naughtier for us, while over a hundred oblivious onlookers watched, I queried, "Like sucking my cock, Lilly?" 

 She opened her eyes and looked directly at me. I expected a negative response, a nervous look, or a weak reply, but instead got a seductive, "I could do this forever." 

 I was taken aback by her hot response, but being quick with the wit I retorted, "Well I guarantee you, Lilly, next time you will be begging to suck my cock." 

 She stroked my rock hard rod, her lips just millimetres from more pleasure, "Is that a fact?" 

 "A promise," I confidently guaranteed. 

 She gave me a mischievous smile, one that told me she was mine, and returned to worshipping her brother's cock. I needed to shoot my load soon and she clearly thought the same thing as she bopped on my cock quickly and with the same extra saliva thing that drove me wild. After a couple of minutes of this constant rhythm, I was close to spraying my seed down her throat. My sister, somehow recognizing how close I was, shocked me yet again. She put her left hand on my ass and, without warning, slipped a finger up my butt. 

 I gave a surprised yelp, the growing crowd laughed out loud, and I uncontrollably began shooting my cum in my sister's mouth. My sister was an expert. She kept milking my cock and swallowing every last drop of her brother's semen. The little slut wouldn't stop sucking me. The feeling went from great pleasure to a bizarre tickling feeling. I finally had to pull out of my sister, my dick not even beginning to shrivel. I could have easily gone one more round, but obviously now was not the time or place. 

 Instead, I planted the seeds for future fun. I bent down and whispered, "You understand baby sis that I plan to use you over and over again." 

 Before she could respond, I stood back up, pulled up my pants and walked away. I returned to the frat house, grabbed a beer and watched the entertainment around the room. There were sucking, fucking and licking all over the frat house. My cock still hard, I surveyed the frat house looking for one more conquest. 

 An hour later, while my cock was buried in the hot redhead's tight pussy, I thought about my slutty sister. I pondered my next move. As much as I loved having my sister suck my cock, I wanted more. I wanted to fuck my sister's pussy. I wanted to fuck my sister's, hopefully still virgin, ass. I wanted to make her my personal fuck-toy. I wanted it all. 

 As I filled the redhead's pussy with my cum, a plan popped into my head. A plan to make my sister completely subservient to me. I kept pumping into the redheaded co-ed, smiling as I envisioned my sister being the one on all fours. Very soon I would have my very own personal toy, my very own...cocksucking sister. 

 THE END Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Cocksucking College Sister: Again ****** bysilkstockingslover© Summary: A brother attempts to escalate his sexual relationship with his sister. 

 Note: Obviously it's better to read part one first, but here is a summary in case. In part one Anthony accidentally gets his cock sucked by his sister at a gloryhole and again a second time at a sorority party. 

 Note 2: And again, thanks to Estragon and Goamz86 for copy-editing. 

 * 

 Truthfully, I tried to pretend it didn't happen. I tried to pretend that the best blow job I had ever received hadn't come from my 18-year-old college- freshman sister. I tried to move on...but the reality was when I was with another girl all I thought about was Lilly. When I had late night fantasies it was my sister I was beating off to. 

 We avoided each other for just over a month, which was pretty easy as she lived at the dorms and I lived with buddies, but my parent's 25th wedding anniversary party would bring us together for the first time since that crazy weekend. By this time, my sister fantasies had become an obsession. 

 My sister had planned a whole weekend event for our parents. It included a family of four dinner on Friday evening, a huge full day party at my parents' house on Saturday, and a casual Sunday brunch before our family all went our separate ways. Ideas bounced in my head at the opportunity that lay ahead. Should I blackmail her? Seemed like an ok plan, yet I was a much more willing participant in the incest than she was. Should I be sweet and complimentary? I have learned from many of my past relationships (do one night stands count as relationships?), that a few words of flattery often opened up a girl's legs to a night of pleasure. Or should I do what had been my most sure fire way of getting laid more times than not....get her hammered? I played all three scenarios in my head and a few more high risk ones before settling on using a mixture of all three if need be. 

 She was the last one to arrive on Friday night, a good twenty minutes late, clearly trying to avoid any alone time with me. The look on her face when we first made eye contact showed just how nervous and anxiety-ridden she was about our secret coming out. I realized then that she felt she was to blame and knew that blackmail was a viable option if needed. 

 Every time she sucked her straw from her drink I imagined my cock being the straw. My psychological need to have my sister was as Freudian as possible and one need I planned to make happen. I was sure to make eye contact on numerous occasions, each time my eyes and smile attempting to speak for me. Her flushed face and quick eye contact breaks only enhanced my confidence that I could use her insecurity and guilt to my advantage. 

 Once dinner was done, I asked Lilly, my smile dripping with syrupy sweetness, "Can you give me a ride home, baby sister?" 

 She stammered, unable to hide her nervousness, but also unable to say no, "S-s- sure." 

 I followed behind, watching her tight ass sway in her jeans, disappointed she had not worn a skirt and pantyhose as every fantasy I had with her included nylons of some sort. We drove in silence for a couple of minutes before I opened the can of worms. "Lilly, we need to talk about what happened." 

 Tears instantly streamed down her face. "You can't tell Mom or Dad, they would make me live at home and I finally fit in somewhere." 

 I smiled, realizing she was more worried about being ratted out than by what she had done with me. "Lilly, I don't plan to tell on you, we are not kids any more. You have definitely become a woman." 

 Her face went red and she continued, "I can't believe you saw me." 

 I retorted, "I can't believe how good you were." 

 She went even redder if that was possible, but didn't respond. 

 I added, "Can I tell you something, baby sister?" 

 "I guess," she answered, nervously, staring at the road. 

 "You are an amazing cocksucker." 

 "Anthony!" she gasped. 

 "Seriously, baby sis. I have had quite a few girls gobble my cock, but I have never had someone do what you did." 

 "Can we not talk about this?" she asked, clearly uncomfortable with the conversation. 

 "Ok, Lilly, but answer me one question truthfully," I requested. 

 "Fine, what?" she agreed, clearly desperate to end this conversation. 

 "Did you enjoy sucking big brother's cock?" 

 "Anthony! How can you ask me that?" she asked, mortified. 

 "Because I think you did and..." I paused for dramatic effect before dropping the bomb, "I think you want to again." 

 Lilly's red face remained, as she stammered in fake denial, "I-I-I , it was wrong Anthony. You are my brother." 

 "That wasn't the question, baby sis. The question was did you enjoy it?" 

 "Yes," she admitted, frustrated, "but I never would have blown you if I knew it was you." 

 "Twice," I added. 

 "Fine, twice. It was wrong." 

 "Why?" I asked. 

 "Because it is incest," she replied, shocked that I didn't think it was a big deal. 

 "Lilly. You enjoy my cock in your mouth and I enjoyed your amazing mouth. There is nothing wrong with that." My hand wandered to her leg. 

 "Don't!" She weakly protested. 

 "Lilly. I love you. I love you as a sister, and you are all I think about now," I admitted, my hand moving ever-so-slowly up her leg. I asked, "Can you honestly say you didn't enjoy it?" 

 "I-um-I, but it's wrong," she babbled, unable to deny the truth. 

 I moved my hand away and quickly pulled out my stiff cock from its restrictive cave. 

 Lilly noticed and begged, "Anthony, please put that away." 

 "Sorry sis, but you got it all big and hard, I think it only fair you help make it go down." 

 "I can't," she weakly replied, her resistance already breaking down. She took quick glimpses at my cock while she drove. 

 Going for broke and betting on her submissive nature, I ordered, "Pull over in that back alley sis." 

 "Please, no," she protested. 

 "Do it, baby sis. I know and you know you want to." 

 She hesitated only a second before putting her foot on the brake and turning into a dark alley. Once stopped, she clarified, "Ok, Anthony, but only this one time." 

 Knowing I had her hooked and that this would definitely not be the last time, I lied, "Of course, baby sis." 

 Her eyes giving away her hunger, she leaned forward and took my cock in her mouth. Instantly, I was in heaven. The first two times she had sucked my cock, she had no idea it was me, well, not until it was too late the second time, but this time she was sucking her brother's cock of her own accord. I was worried she would do a rush job this time, but she worshipped my cock like no other girl I ever had. She swirled her tongue around my mushroom top, teasing and pleasing it. Slowly, she went deeper down, somehow creating a whirlpool of saliva. It was like being in a warm pussy. She kept a steady, but slow pace as she began bobbing up and down on my cock. I watched in the dark with satisfied glee, knowing that my sister was going to be my personal cocksucker all weekend long. I don't know how long she made love to my cock with her mouth but four songs played on the car radio and one was a Meatloaf song, so that is like two or three songs before she began to feverishly bob on my cock, each downward bob engulfing my whole nine-inch cock. Unable to resist such a dedicated effort, I shot a load of my cum down my sister's eager throat. Like the expert cocksucker she was, she didn't slow down at all as she swallowed every last drop of my cock. Eventually, she sat back up and without a word, put the car in drive and began driving. 

 I allowed my cock to stand at attention the entire drive home while we both sat in silence considering the implications of what just occurred. For her I assume she thought it was the final time, yet her odd glimpse at my still stiff cock told me she still craved her big brother's cock, and I could easily break her weak resistance whenever I wanted to. 

 A minute before arriving at our parents', Lilly asked, "Would you please put it away?" 

 "I thought you may want to have seconds," I teased. 

 Turning the corner to our parents' block, she said, her tone serious, "I'm serious Anthony, that was the last time." 

 I put my cock back in my pants and said, "If you say so, baby sis, but if you get the craving...." 

 She sighed as she pulled into our parents' driveway. She looked at me, attempting to be strong, but I saw past her facade. "No seriously Anthony. This can't continue." 

 I feigned agreement. "Ok, ok, you are right." 

 A sigh of relief escaped her perfect cocksucking lips. 

 "But I got to ask one last thing?" 

 Nervous trepidation quickly returned to her face. "How did you get so good at it?" 

 "I don't want to get into this," she replied, unbuckling her seat belt. 

 "Lilly, you can tell me here or in the house," I threatened. 

 Her glacier glare surprised me, but she revealed the answer. "Long story short, I was the only virgin in the pledge group and I insisted I stay that way." 

 I gasped, "An 18-year-old virgin, I didn't know such a thing existed." 

 Her glare froze me as she continued, "So, since there is a lot is sex, I mean a lot, during initiation, I was given the option of sorority cocksucker or quitting." 

 "I can't believe you agreed." 

 Tears began welling in her eyes as she explained. "I planned to quit, but I finally felt like I fit in, unlike in high school. Yet, once I started I became addicted." As she continued her tears quit and her face flushed with excitement. "I loved the power of knowing I was getting some stranger off and I began to crave it." 

 She stopped, realizing she had gone way further than she had to. 

 "Craved what?" I asked, knowing the answer. 

 "Never mind," she said, getting out of the car before I could react. I followed behind thinking how I was going to get her lips wrapped around my cock again and as I watched her beautiful ass I began wondering if I could get her to the next level. Was she still a virgin? It seemed so. A plethora of filthy thoughts ricocheted in my head all of them ending with me taking my sister's virginity. 

 ..... 

 A party at my parents' with over a hundred guests was not the most ideal time to attempt to get my sister to break her determined resistance to our incestuous relationship and get her to the point of no return. As expected, she did a pretty good job avoiding me, but she looked radiant in a red cocktail dress and black pantyhose that I worshipped. My obsession with finding out was added to my obsession with getting her mouth wrapped around my cock again and my growing compulsion to break her cherry. 

 Early in the afternoon she was in the kitchen cutting up cucumbers for veggie platters when I walked up behind her and whispered in her ear, "You look good enough to eat." 

 She spun around with a knife in her hand, her face flushed. "Anthony, not here." 

 Realizing she hadn't repeated yesterday's mantra that it wouldn't happen again, I smiled, but offered a dangling carrot, "Of course not, but the wine cellar has a lock on it." 

 Her eyes showing a hunger, she said in a whisper, "Ok, but when?" 

 "Text me when you are free," I offered. 

 She nodded shyly, and I said, "Lilly, I meant it. You look radiant." 

 Her cheeks continued to redden. "Thanks," she said shyly and returned to cutting cucumbers. 

 I left with a giddy feeling inside me, hoping I could use this to give her some pleasure in return. I figured she desperately needed an orgasm and if I gave her an earth-shattering one, which I was confident I could, maybe I could get her to the next level. 

 I checked my phone every couple of minutes, excited like I would be on Christmas morning when I was a kid. The anticipation was killing me. Over an hour later I got a one-word text: now. 

 Like a dog that quickly rushes to his Master when he is called, I scurried to my secret rendezvous with my sister. As soon as I was in the wine cellar, I locked the door and my sister was waiting anxiously. 

 I tried to act casual as I walked to her. She clearly was expecting me to unbuckle my pants and release my cock for her to pleasure, but instead I lifted her up onto the desk in the corner as she protested. "W-w-what are you doing?" 

 "Giving you a taste of heaven," I answered. 

 She was confused and suddenly in panic mode as she protested, "No, Anthony, we can't do that!" 

 I smiled and put my finger to her lips. "We are not doing that. I am just returning the favour, my pretty." 

 Her eyes were big as I moved to my knees and between her legs where I approached her enticing pantyhose. In a hurry, before she had time to process what I had in mind, I ripped the pantyhose at the crotch, pulled her pink panties to the side and made contact on her pussy lips with my tongue. Her trepidation continued, even as she let out a moan, "We shouldn't be doing thiiiiis." 

 I ignored her weak protest, confident the building pleasure in her pussy would override what her conscience argued. I sucked her clit into my mouth and smiled as she let out a scream that could not be construed any other way than extreme pleasure. I used a technique I had perfected while overseas, where I mixed long wide paintbrush tongue strokes on her now wet pussy lips, with quick attacks on her clit. The objective was to tease and please, allowing the orgasm to build continually to a powerful final crescendo of pleasure. I admit I have fucked a lot of girls where it was a wham, bam, thank you girl-I-don't-even-know-your- name, but when I cared about a girl, I made sure she enjoyed it as much as I did...and right now, all I cared about was making sure my sister had the most intense orgasm of her young life. 

 Not surprisingly, her protests had been silenced as the pleasure took over and the only sound in the room was moans that were increasing in length and volume as the crescendo got close to eruption. Knowing she was close, I went in for the kill. I swirled my tongue around her now swollen clit in a constant teasing motion, before moving my tongue on her clit and repeating the swirling pressure. 

 Her moans and mumbling gave away her desperation to come. "Oh God, Anthony, don't stop. Oh my, oh my, oh my, I didn't know it could, it could, aaaah, feel like this, oh, oh, oh, oh, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh." 

 She was a gusher and I was rewarded for my hard work with the sweetest tasting juice I had ever savoured. I continued lapping up her excessive juice as her orgasm continued to pulse through her. Less than a minute later, she begged, "Please stop Anthony, it is so sensitive down there." 

 I obliged and moved away from between her pantyhose-clad legs and stood to face her, my face glistening with her juice. Her face was red and you could tell she was still not completely recovered from her orgasm as she sheepishly whispered, "I have never had that done before." 

 "Never?" I replied, acting shocked even though I thought that might be the case. 

 She shook her head no. 

 I replied, "It was the least I could do." 

 She smiled and got off the desk and wobbled a bit both because of the heels she was wearing and the weakness in her jelly legs. She began to get on her knees when I said, "I would so love to have you go down on me, baby sis, but we don't have time before the speeches." 

 Looking at her watch, she freaked out a bit, "Oh, God, how long have we been down here?" 

 I shrugged, giving a corny line, "I don't know. Time stood still when I was pleasing you." 

 Her face went flush again and I leaned in and kissed her softly and gently, not like brother and sister, but like two lovers would do. 

 She kissed back and after a moment of sweet intimacy, I said with a smile, "Raincheck?" 

 A different side of my sister emerged for the first time as she grabbed my still very hard cock and replied, "Definitely." 

 I desperately wanted to have her sweet lips around my cock again right then, but I knew we didn't have time and by playing the sexual chivalry card I hoped set the tone for my future plans...her virginity. 

 End of Part 2... 

 Coming later in 2012...later that night! Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Cocksucking College Sister: Fucked ****** bysilkstockingslover© Summary: A brother finally fucks his shy, beautiful sister. 

 Note: Obviously it's better to read the earlier parts first (Cocksucking College Sister and Cocksucking College Sister: Again), but here is a very quick summary in case. In part one Anthony accidentally gets his cock sucked by his sister at a gloryhole and again a second time at a sorority party. In the sequel, they are at their parents' 25th wedding anniversary and Anthony returns the favour by going down on his sister in their parents' wine cellar. 

 Note 2: Thanks to Estragon for copy-editing and LaRascasse for plot suggestions. 

 COCKSUCKING COLLEGE SISTER: FUCKED 

 The next few hours were excruciating. I desperately wanted to attempt to deflower my sister, yet I had to wait. Celebrating my parents` 25th anniversary was fun. I especially enjoyed giving a speech called "Ten things you don't know about my parents!", but pretending to be civil to a bunch of relatives we usually only see at funerals and weddings was grating my nerves. Every once in a while, my sister and I would make eye contact and her face would flush. There was no doubt she was mine; the question was how to finish the play. 

 It was after supper when I finally had a brief moment of alone time with Lilly. 

 

 Surprising me, it was she who went on the offensive. "As soon as the dance gets underway, I will be going to the wine cellar." 

 Before I could respond, she was gone and I had to adjust my growing cock in my pants. From opposite ends, we watched our parents dance to their wedding song and then throughout the mother-son and father-daughter dances, we continued to give each other knowing, teasing glances. The sexual tension was bubbling to the surface, and I was worried if the guests watching us could see the raw desire we both had. My stiff cock, unable to be released, actually poked my Mom briefly and it was my turn to go bright red. 

 My Mom quipped, "Oh my Anthony, who are you checking out?" 

 I stammered, "I-I-I'm sorry Mom." 

 She chuckled softly. "It's OK, son, I`m glad you're young and virile. Plus, grandchildren would be nice." 

 Hearing my Mom talk so casually about sex, I briefly wondered about the odds of getting her in the horizontal mambo. My Mom was still a very beautiful woman, although she never completely lost the baby weight from her pregnancies, and the reason for my pantyhose fetish. I grew up seeing her wearing them every day and spent many hours staring at her stocking-clad feet. I spent just as many hours stroking my cock thinking of fucking my mother. Attempting to maybe, just maybe, plant a seed that probably wouldn't grow, I smiled, "Mom, I wasn't looking at anyone else, I was just enjoying the company of my beautiful mother." 

 My Mom's face flushed and she couldn't resist breaking out a shy smile, the kind I often have seen when I laid on the charm to some unsuspecting, or in truth sometimes expecting, prey I was hoping to score with. I waited for her to say something, but she broke eye contact and the moment was gone. I did make sure on a couple of more occasions throughout the dance to make my manhood's presence known. When the song was done, attempting to leave one more tiny sprinkle of subtlety, I hugged her tightly, letting my nine-inch cock rest against her. While in the brief embrace, I made sure to pulse my cock, so she felt the entire length of my cock...as I hoped curiosity would get the better of my mom. I kissed her on the cheek and whispered, "I love you, Mom." 

 She whimpered, clearly distracted by my touch and hard member, her eyes unreadable, "I-I-I love you too, son." 

 The brief embrace ended and only she and I knew of the sexual undertones that resonated between us while others looked on. 

 I returned her to Dad, gave him a sturdy hand shake and a quick man hug that included the traditional patting on the back. They were quickly pulled into a big circle dance and I scanned for my sister, who was nowhere to be found. My cock leading the way, I swerved my way through the swarm of guests and made it to our rendezvous, a hungry scavenger. 

 Disappointingly, Lilly was not there yet. My raging hard-on was highly frustrated. The whole day's build up was about to burst, especially after the hot encounter with my Mom. If I didn't shoot my load soon I would burst like the Hoover Dam. 

 I waited a few minutes before my pretty sister arrived, closing the door. The shy, nervous and insecure woman from earlier was gone and replaced with a lustful hunger, like a hunter searching for prey. She walked to me, fell to her knees, quickly unzipping my pants, unbuckling my belt and pulling out my fully erect cock. I couldn't believe her next words, "I have been craving this all day." 

 Before I could even attempt some sort of quick-witted comment she devoured my cock whole. I don't know how she did it, but while deep-throating me and bobbing back and forth with slut-like speed, she also created a whirlwind of saliva that made my cock feel like it was in a Jacuzzi. Clearly hungry for my cum she never once slowed down, never once stopped and in less than five minutes I was coating my sister's throat with my cum. Like the expert cocksucker she was, she never slowed down as my excessive load exploded in her mouth. She didn't stop until every last drop of my cum had been captured and savored, before she stood back up and admitted, "I can't get enough of that." 

 "I am always willing to share with you," I quipped back. 

 "But you are my brother," she sighed, frustrated it seemed by the fact that she craved her sibling's cum. 

 I shrugged, and admitted trying to soften her up for my long term goal, her virginity, but also to comfort her and me. "Lilly, many siblings experiment with each other. And wouldn't you rather experiment with someone you love than random strangers?" 

 "I suppose," she wavered, desperately wanting permission to continue to do what we had just started to do. 

 I looked into her eyes, saw into her soul, her anxiety, her desire, and said sincerely, saying to a woman and meaning it for the first time ever, "I love you, Lilly." 

 She smiled back, a heavy burden seemingly lifted from her shoulders, "I love you, too, Anthony." 

 I kissed her gently, like lovers do. At first it was tentative and slightly awkward, but as the incest taboo faded from our minds...carnal lust emerged. Our tongues danced in each other's mouths and the longer the kiss lasted the more passionate the kiss became. Finally, I broke it and said, "I want to make love to you, baby sis." 

 She was startled by my declaration and looked down, again shy and nervous. "I don't know, Anthony. What we are doing is pretty crazy, but actually having sex seems to cross a line." 

 I kissed her neck, and whispered, "If you think what I did to you earlier felt amazing, wait until I make love to you." 

 Her moans increased and I could tell I had her considering my taboo offer when someone tried to open the door. 

 Lilly went pale as a ghost and I, very good at improvising, suggested, "Don't panic. We will open the door and if whoever it is we just say we were having a private conversation and needed somewhere quiet. No one is going to remotely think that you and I, polar opposites and siblings, were doing anything remotely inappropriate." 

 "Good call," Lilly said, realizing my logic was right. 

 I opened the door and it was Mom, with a strange look on her face like she knew exactly what we were doing. She said, "I was wondering where you two were." 

 I covered, "Oh, just getting away from the chaos for a bit and helping Lilly with a problem she is having." 

 Mom looked to Lilly, again with a smile that wasn't Mom, "Maybe I can help. What is it, dear?" 

 I smiled at the hilarious offer Mom just unknowingly offered, while Lilly, who apparently had no poker face, went pale again. She stammered, "Oh, oh, oh, um, just boy trouble." 

 Mom laughed, "And you asked Anthony? That is like asking Stalin how to show compassion." 

 "Hey," I shot back, "did you just compare your only son to a ruthless dictator who killed millions of people?" 

 "Well, when you put it that way it sounds pretty cold. But you are hardly the sensitive type that someone like Lilly would date." 

 That assessment would have been true until the last twenty-four hours, yet something in me had changed and I could not explain it. But hiding the new me, I shrugged, "Yeah, you are probably right." 

 I left my two sexy family members alone, my head actually imagining a threesome where my sexy sister and my beautiful mother were entwined in a sweet, slow, simmering sixty-nine while I watched. I shook my head and tried to plan how I was going to get with my sister again. 

 I returned to the party, grabbed a drink and just sat back and relaxed. A few minutes later Lilly returned to the party, but went in the opposite direction. The next couple of hours were sheer torture as the only thought in my head was deflowering my sister. I didn't want to fuck her though, I wanted to make love to her; to show her how great sex could be. 

 It was almost midnight when my adorable sister grabbed my hand and pulled me onto the dance floor for a slow song. As we danced, my sister said, "I can't believe Mom almost caught us." 

 I replied, determined to keep her calm, "But she didn't, Lilly. And she has no clue of what we have done or what we are about to do." 

 "Oh, Anthony," she replied, her tone implying her conflicting emotions. "I always wanted my first to be special." 

 I smiled at her old-fashioned values and her sincerity, all the while noticing the irony considering she had blown so many random strangers. "Lilly, there is nothing more special than making love to someone you love and who loves you back. I wish I had a sweet DeLorean to go back in time and lose my virginity to someone I loved instead of Mrs. Parker." 

 "Mrs. Parker," Lilly gasped. "She is in her sixties." 

 I lost my virginity to our neighbor after mowing her lawn one afternoon. She was a still pretty, albeit chubby woman, in her late fifties, and I ended up mowing her personal lawn too. "She was 58 thank you very much and smelled like Bengay. I still have nightmares and I have been in Afghanistan." 

 She laughed, before anxiety returned. "I just don't know." 

 The song was ending and I decided to take a chance and be slightly aggressive, playing I hoped on my sister's submissive eagerness to please. I leaned into her ear, making sure my hot breath was bathing her ear. "Our parents' room has a lock on it. I expect you there in five minutes, Lilly." I bit her ear playfully and subtly, and smiled in my head when I heard a soft moan escape her lips. 

 Before she could respond, I left her on the dance floor and never turned back. 

 I went to the washroom, cleaned up a bit and headed to my parents' room. Once inside, I waited to see if my aggressive plan would pay off. As expected, Lilly obeyed my instructions and met me in our parents' room. She was nowhere near as confident as she was a couple of hours ago when she devoured me whole with such reckless abandon. 

 Taking charge, I went behind her and locked the door. Once locked, I put my arms around her from behind and gently kissed the back of her neck. She was stiff as a board at first, but she slowly weakened as my hot breath teased the back of her neck. She weakly protested, "Anthony, this is wrong." 

 I unzipped her dress slowly as I whispered, "Lilly, I know a part of you is scared, yet the fact that you are here meeting me tells me deep down in your subconscious you want me as much as I want you." She didn't respond when I slipped the dress off her shoulders and allowed it to fall haphazardly onto the floor. I could see her shiver, so I spun her around and pulled her into me and began kissing her gently. Her already weak resolve melted away as she returned my kiss. Our tongues danced inside each other's mouth as we forgot about our shared genes and became the sexual beings we were. Controlling the situation, I broke the kiss and went to her ear and splattered gentle kisses all over. Her breathing began to increase and I took her hand and led her to the king-sized bed. 

 She followed and when we reached the bed, she surprised me by pushing me onto it. The look of hunger in her eyes returned like it had in the wine cellar and I realized that once her switch was flipped on she was good to go. She climbed onto me and kissed me while unbuttoning my shirt. It was my turn to let out soft moans of sensation as he splattered my body with kisses. Once she had my shirt open she sucked on my nipple, bringing me a pleasure I had never felt before. Man, she had a way with her mouth and tongue. A couple of minutes of this concentrated teasing and I was ready to burst at the seams. 

 I flipped her over and returned the favor, spending an eternity teasing her hard nipples. Her moans increased exponentially and I heard the words I had been wanting to hear all day. "Anthony," she moaned, the tremble in her voice implying both excitement and nervousness, "please make love to me." 

 If any other girl had ever said such words I would have bolted instantly, as I was not one for such sentimentality, yet coming from my beautiful, shy, sweet sister, it was music to my ears. I looked into her eyes and asked, wanting to make sure it wasn't a moment of weakness, "Are you sure, Lilly?" 

 Her carnal desires taking over, she pleaded, "Now Anthony, fuck me now." 

 I moved between her legs and rubbed my cock up and down her slippery slit. Although she liked to tease while she had a cock in her mouth, she didn't like being teased herself. She begged, clearly frustrated by my teasing, "Put it in, please Anthony, I need you in me now." 

 No longer able to resist my sister's burning inferno, I leaned forward and my cock easily slipped between her wet pussy lips. Once deep inside, I savored the reality of what was happening. Lilly's pussy was so hot and tight, just like her mouth. But unlike when her mouth was wrapped around my cock, this time I was in control. 

 I stared at her face, her eyes closed but her trembling lips speaking volumes. I leaned forward and kissed her like we were two lovers, not two siblings. She opened her mouth and our tongues spun around each other as I slowly began to make love to her. I wanted this moment of intimacy to last forever. I wanted her to never regret her first time. A couple of minutes into the flow pace, she broke the kiss and moaned gently, "Faster Anthony, please, faster." 

 I obliged her request, pumping in and out of her faster, although not at full speed. Her moans increased exponentially and her faced bloomed a radiant red. Her eyes never opened as she seemed to allow her body to just relax and enjoy the crests of pleasure I was bringing her. Time stood still for both of us and I couldn't tell you how long I made love to her in the missionary position before I felt my leg cramping up. I pulled out of her and she opened her eyes for the first time since we began making love and whined, her desperation to come obvious, "Noooooooooo, Anthony, I am so close." 

 Without a word, I rolled her onto her side, spooned her to me and slid easily back inside her perfect pussy. From this tight enclosed position, my arm wrapped around and cupping her perky breasts, I shifted from making love to her, to full throttle fucking. I pistoned in and out of her, slamming into her ass cheeks with each full deep thrust. Her moans of ecstasy began to become screams of sexual release and in only a couple of minutes of this intense fucking she began bucking her ass to meet my thrusts and was making the sexiest whimpers, moans and screams I have ever heard until she finally bellowed, loud enough I was worried others would hear if they were in the house, "Fuuuuuuuuuuck, I'm coming, don't stop, baby, yeeeeeeeees!" 

 Being called baby, an intimate term of loving endearment, warmed me inside as I continued to fuck my sexy sister. Feeling her pussy twitch and tighten around my cock, followed by the explosion of her cum, was too much for me and I returned the favor shooting my cum inside her. 

 "Oh God, oh God, oh, oh, oh," she screamed, unable to complete a full sentence as her first orgasm from being fucked continued to pulse through her body. Her ass kept bouncing back onto my cock and it was then I learned my sister could have multiple orgasms. As the first orgasm had run its course through my sister, a second one was already building. Her body was a machine built for pleasure for her and me, as our lengthy love making session continued. Like Lilly's hungry appetite for a cock in her mouth, once she felt the pleasure of a cock in her pussy she was addicted. Our bodies were dripping with perspiration as she continued to fuck herself on my cock, desperately trying to recreate the orgasm she just had. 

 Noticing that she was close again and getting frustrated at not being able to bring the tidal wave of pleasure come crashing down again, I moved my hand down and began gently tapping on her clit. 

 Her moans increased instantly and after only a few taps, she demanded, her tone one bordering on psychotic, "Harder, Anthony, spank it harder." 

 I again obliged her request and it was the final push needed for my beautiful sister to scream, "Yeeeeeeeees, baby, more, more, fuuuuuuuuck!" 

 Her second orgasm in a matter of minutes quaked her very being and I allowed my cock to just lie deep in her as the second smaller, but clearly satisfying orgasm made its way through her. I gently kissed her back and allowed my free hand to gently caress her body. 

 Eventually, Lilly rolled over, my cock sadly leaving the oasis of pleasure, and looked into my eyes. Her hair was tangled, her cheeks red, her makeup messy and I thought it was the most beautiful look I had ever seen. I can't explain it, but she looked so beautiful and innocent, even after what we had just done, her perfectly satisfied after sex glow radiating like none I had ever seen before. 

 Usually, once I had done the deed, I wanted to get up and bolt. I wasn't a cuddler or a talker. Yet, it was I who spoke first. "Lilly, you are so beautiful, so perfect in every way." 

 Her glow remained, and she joked, something she didn't do very often, "You aren't too bad yourself, big brother." 

 Always one for quick-witted banter, I quipped, fluttering my eyes like I was the girl and she the man, "Oh, you know just the right words to say." 

 She playfully slapped me, before her playful expression shifted to concern. "I can't believe we just did that." 

 "Me either," I responded, actually still coming to grips with making my fantasy a reality. 

 "Now what?" she asked, her eyes desperately looking for comfort. 

 I leaned in and kissed her softly. "Lilly, this is our little secret. I hope it is not a one time thing, but that is up to you." 

 "But what we did is so wrong," she fretted, the reality of what we did settling in. 

 "Is it?" I asked, not sure I bought into the 'incest is wrong' philosophy anymore. 

 "Isn't it?" she countered. 

 "Based on society, yes, based on how much I care for you and how great what we just did felt, I have to respectfully disagree," I countered. 

 "It was amazing," she smiled. 

 "That it was, and I am not lying or trying to woo you when I say that being with you has been the greatest sexual experience of my life and I have a fair amount of experience." 

 "So I sleep around I am a slut, you do and you are a stud," she sighed. 

 "Unfair stereotypes but how society, sees it," I agreed, before adding, "just like incest I suppose." 

 Lilly looked at the clock and panicked, "Oh my God, how long have we been gone?" 

 "An hour or so," I estimated. 

 Lilly frantically got up and started getting dressed. 

 I suggested, "Make sure you fix your hair or people will think you disappeared for a quickie." Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Cocksucking College Sister: Fucked ****** bysilkstockingslover© She looked in the mirror and gasped, "Holy crap." She began to fix her hair while I stretched and slowly got dressed. 

 Once both of us looked respectable, I kissed her one last time and looked into her eyes and said sincerely, meaning every word, "Lilly, I love you and regardless of whether we do this again, which I hope we do, I will always respect you for the sweet, kind-hearted and sexy woman you are." 

 Lilly smiled and replied, "I love you too." 

 "And I hope this is just the beginning, Lilly," I added, my voice soft and tender. 

 We returned to the party, which hadn't began to slow down even though it was after one and I sat at a table with two open but completely full bottles of wine. I poured myself a glass and relaxed. 

 A few minutes and a full glass later, Mom joined me at a table and startled me when her hand fell onto my knee. 

 I looked at her and she smiled, and I noticed for the first time how Mom and Lilly had the same sweet smile. She asked, "Enjoying the party?" 

 "Very much so," I answered, although she would never guess why. 

 "Good," she said, "you seemed to disappear for a while." 

 I shrugged, "Oh, I was around." 

 Out of the blue, she asked the oddest question. "Remember a couple summers ago when someone tried to break into the house?" 

 "Yeah," I said, surprised by the question, but remembering more how freaked out it made my mother. "It freaked you out big time." 

 "Yes it did. It freaked me out so much we got a whole new security system," she added. 

 "And the German Shepherd," I added, not yet catching on to where my mother was going with this. 

 "Yes, and Sisco," she smiled, before adding, "Well, after that I made your Father also put video cameras everywhere," she revealed. She waited for me to connect the dots and my mouth dropped open. Her smile got bigger and her hand seemed to move just slightly up my leg as she added, "We even have one in the wine cellar and our bedroom." 

 My eyes went big; Mom must have seen what her son and daughter had done. 

 I was speechless. Mom's smile was not one of disappointment or disgust, but if I was reading it right, it was one of lust, the exact same look Lilly had not once, not twice, but three times today. Silence lingered as she allowed me to process this bombshell and I tried to find a way to explain what Lilly and I had done. 

 Was Mom hitting on me? Her hand on my leg and the thought that she might be had my cock already on the rise again. 

 Finally, I went to speak, but Mom's finger went to my lips as her other hand reached my cock. "Let's dance," she ordered, giving my cock a solid squeeze and pulling me up from my chair. 

 A slow song played, Air Supply's 'Making Love Out of Nothing At All', and she pulled herself into me and asked the question every son dreams his mother will ask him at one point in their lives, "So Anthony, do you want to fuck Mommy?" 

 The end Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Cocksucking College Sister: Mom-Dad ****** bysilkstockingslover© Note 1: This is the forth part of my cocksucking college sister series. Here is a brief summary of each previous part. 

 Part 1: Cocksucking College Sister In part one Anthony accidentally gets his cock sucked by his sister at a gloryhole and again a second time at a sorority party. 

 Part 2: Cocksucking College Sister: Again In the sequel, they are at their parents' 25th wedding anniversary and Anthony returns the favour by going down on his sister in their parents' wine cellar. 

 Part 3: Cocksucking College Sister: Fucked In the third part, it is later that evening at their parents' anniversary when the two siblings finally cross the final taboo and have sex with each other as Anthony takes his sister's virginity. 

 Note 2: A special thanks to MAB7991 for his editing expertise. 

 Quick reminder of the ending of part 3: 

 While dancing with his mother, Anthony is shocked to learn she knows about him and his sister; he is doubly shocked with the words: "So Anthony, do you want to fuck Mommy?" 

 Cocksucking College Sister: Mom &amp; Dad 

 Mom let her shocking question linger in the air for the remainder of the song. 

 My head spun with the double revelation that: 1. Mom knew about Lilly and I having sex and was not outraged by it. 2. Mom had just asked if I would like to fuck her. 

 My cock was instantly at launch and ready for takeoff mode at the thought of fucking mom. She had been a constant stroke fantasy throughout high school by myself and all my buddies who called her a MILF. Unlike my shy sister who had always dressed rather conservatively, hiding her nice body, mom had always dressed provocatively but classy (if that is a combination that makes sense). She had always been a dress or skirt type of woman and my obsession with nylon legs definitely began with her. I remember sneaking into her room as a teenager and using her pantyhose to masturbate myself, envisioning losing my virginity to her. My head was spinning at the possibility of making my longest running sexual fantasy a reality. 

 Just as the song was nearing completion, I felt Mom's hand on my cock as she whispered in my ear, "Are you hard because of me?" 

 My cock flinched in her hand as all I could do was whimper. 

 "I'll take that as a yes, Anthony," she purred. 

 "Oh God Mom," I barely got out. 

 "I have to cut the cake and dance with your father but I should be able to disappear for a few minutes in about half an hour," Mom explained, looking completely insatiable. 

 "Are you serious?" I asked, even though her hand firmly on my cock there on the dance floor was a pretty good indication she was. 

 "I plan to show you just how serious I am as soon as I can disappear from my wifely duties Anthony. I have never been hornier than I was watching you fuck your sister," Mom answered, giving my cock one last squeeze. 

 "Meet me in the wine cellar at 12:15 is that understood?" she asked, like she would when she was laying down the law when I lived at home. 

 "Yes, Mom," I agreed, still unable to fathom the reality I was currently living. 

 "Good," Mom smiled as the song ended. Pulling me in for a hug, her breasts firmly pressed into me, she whispered, "Now don't you be late son." 

 Before I could respond she was gone, and the massive tent in my pants was no longer obscured by mom. I quickly moved to a table and sat down giving my cock time to settle down and my brain time to process what had just transpired. 

 I was alone only a minute when Lilly joined me. 

 "You ok, big brother you look completely frazzled," she asked, stressing the word big flirtatiously. 

 "Dazed and confused," I joked. 

 "What's going on?" Lilly asked suddenly worried. "Did mom find out?" 

 "Yes, but that is not the weird part," I answered. 

 Instantly near hyperventilating, her face went snow white, as she repeated, "Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God." 

 "That's what she said," I joked. 

 "This is not funny, Anthony," she said, in extreme panic mode. 

 "We have nothing to worry about," I said, putting my hand on her leg. 

 "Don't you dare start with me. You are to blame for this," she snapped, slapping my hand away. 

 "You didn't seem too concerned while I was you were coming on my face or when you begged me to fuck you," I smirked, having fun with my high-strung sister. Although if I didn't know what I knew, I am sure I would be freaking out just like she was. 

 "Stop it Anthony, this is serious," she said, tears beginning to flow. 

 "Ok, ok, I'm sorry, but let me explain," I said, realizing I had to tell her the truth. "But you can't freak out." 

 "It's a little too late for that," Lilly said, surveying the area for mom. 

 "Mom is ok with it," I said. 

 "What?" Lilly asked flabbergasted by my seemingly absurd statement. 

 "Actually she is more than ok with it," I added. 

 "What the hell are you talking about?" she asked frustrated by my vagueness. 

 "Mom..." I began, but was interrupted. 

 "Mom what?" came a voice from behind us. 

 Lilly who had just begun to regain some color in her face again went ghost white. 

 "I was just beginning to tell Lilly about our discussion Mom," I answered. 

 "I don't recall our conversation being a tell all," Mom replied, putting her hands on Lilly's shoulders. 

 Lilly froze in place like a statute completely overwhelmed by the situation. Finally, Lilly spoke, "I'm so sorry Mom." 

 "Sorry about what?" dad's voice asked out of the blue. 

 It was my turn to replicate Lilly's white face. 

 Mom tried to cover for her children whose faces had guilt written all over them saying, "Oh Jack, she was just telling me she wasn't feeling well and may have to call it a night." 

 

 "Oh, that's ok honey," Dad said, "all that is left is cutting cake and watching relatives get drunk." 

 Mom laughed, her response dripping with innuendo, "Yes, all the interesting things to see have already happened." 

 I noticed mom give Lilly's shoulders a knowing squeeze which had Lilly's mouth drop open in shock. 

 Dad grabbed Mom's arm and led her to the dance floor as mom looked back at both her children with a look that implied do as you are told. 

 "Oh my god," Lilly began freaking out. 

 "Calm down we are not in trouble," I said. 

 "How can you say that? Mom knows we had sex doesn't she?" Lilly whispered in case anyone walked by 

 "Yes, but," I smiled. 

 "But what?" she asked, her anxiety building quickly. 

 "She wants to meet me in the wine cellar," I revealed. 

 "No way," Lilly said, the words she just heard me say not remotely possible in her mind. They wouldn't be in mine either if I hadn't just had the conversation I had with Mom just minutes ago. 

 "Yes," I nodded and briefly retold as best I could remember the surreal conversation I had with mom on the dance floor. 

 "I can't believe it," Lilly said looking towards the dance floor to our parents dancing and laughing. 

 "It's the truth," I said. 

 Silence lingered as Lilly processed the stunning reality. When she did speak she continued the avalanche of bizarre conversations. Her tone was insecure. "So are you already planning to replace me with mom?" 

 "What?" I gasped looking directly into her eyes. 

 "Are you going to do it?" she asked, suddenly seeming possessive of me. 

 "I don't know," I answered, which was the truth. The thought of fucking mom was exhilarating, yet the thought of making Lilly sad, especially after how intimate we had become, tore me up inside. 

 Lilly turned away and back to the dance floor and a couple of seconds later she gasped. 

 I turned to look and mom was pointing at her and then me, seemingly implying we were both to meet her in the wine cellar. 

 To clarify, I pointed to me, then Lilly and then to the vicinity of the house where the cellar was. 

 Mom gave a slight nod in the affirmative. 

 "Well, apparently mom wants a threesome or she just wants to talk to us," I said, hoping for the threesome. 

 "You are not serious?" Lilly asked. 

 "Half an hour ago no, but now I really have no clue," I admitted, realizing for once that I may be in over my head. 

 "What are we going to do?" she asked, clearly getting really stressed out. 

 "Meet her," I said, although clueless to how to play the actual meeting when it took place. 

 "I can't," Lilly said shaking, "I can't look her in the eye knowing she knows what we did." 

 "Lilly, she just asked if I want to fuck her. She is not mad at us," I replied, trying to comfort her. 

 "I just can't believe mom would say that," she said, in disbelief. 

 "Did you think you would let me take your virginity?" I asked, trying to put it in perspective. 

 "That is different," she said. 

 "How?" I asked. 

 Standing up, she said without any logic to back it, "It just is." She stomped away leaving me alone my head spinning and my cock pulsing. 

 I finished a drink at the table that wasn't mine before heading to the free bar and getting a double whiskey. I shot that down rather quickly before getting another. I surveyed the party and saw mom was cutting the cake with dad's arms around her. They both seemed so happy. I knew instantly I couldn't have sex with my mom. I loved my dad and would never do anything that would ever hurt him. My cock shrank as the excitement I first felt at the thought of fucking mom shifted to anger at the thought that she would betray dad. 

 Once they were done cutting the cake, I watched mom feed dad before heading to the secret rendezvous with mom and Lilly, hoping Lilly would be there. 

 I quickly texted her for confirmation she was coming, hoping if temptation got too hard to resist, me being a guy who often thinks with his other head, rather than the one between his ears, that she would be there to protect me from myself. 

 

 Lilly didn't respond to my text, but she was already at the wine cellar when I arrived, pacing back and forth. 

 "You are here, thank god," I greeted. 

 "I am really freaking out," she said, continuing to pace. 

 Trying to relax her I joked, "I can see that. You are making quite the pathway." 

 "Shut up, Anthony, this is serious," she snapped. 

 "I need your help," I said. 

 "Isn't that what got us in this predicament in the first place," she replied, which was kind of funny but her tone implied she was not going for humor. 

 "Don't let me do anything with mom," I said. 

 "Do what with mom?" the voice asked from behind, the voice of my father. 

 If I thought Lilly went pale when she learned of Mom's knowledge of sexual impropriety that was nothing compared to the ghostly sick near death white she went when she saw dad. 

 I am sure I was a similar white as I turned around and saw dad behind me. "Um nothing," I lied, not even remotely able to come up with a reasonable lie at the moment. 

 He laughed, "Shit, you are as terrible a liar as your mother." 

 Neither Lilly nor I had anything to say as we tried to interpret dad's odd facial expression...as if he knew something. 

 After a long nerve-wracking silence, dad continued the domino of shocking revelations as he said, "So your mother says you two are having sex." 

 My mouth dropped open and Lilly's tears began instantly, yet again neither of us said anything. 

 Dad laughed, "I guess it's like father like son." 

 "W-w-what," I barely got out getting even more confused. 

 Lilly through sniffles and tears said, "I am so sorry, daddy." 

 Looking at Lilly he said, "Come here, my sugar boo." 

 Lilly went to dad's arms and broke down completely. 

 Compassionately, he said, "It's ok, Aunt Sarah and I have been intimate since we were about your age." 

 It was yet another stunning revelation in a day full if them. It was like bring a detective in a James Patterson novel, every time you think you had solved the crime another plot twist occurs. I looked at Lilly who was looking at me, both of us with bewildered looks on our faces. 

 

 "Let me explain everything," he said, in his usual calm soothing way. "Your Aunt Sarah, Uncle Walter, your mom and I have been having sex with each other since college." 

 

 I couldn't believe that mom and her sister were having sex, never mind Aunt Sarah's political aid husband who always seemed like such a stiff. 

 

 Lilly pulled back from dad and looked at him, while I gasped, "No way." Aunt Sarah was slightly chubby but with the biggest tits I had ever attempted to see (she loved wearing cleavage enhancing blouses or dresses that were like magnets to any man's eyes). 

 "Really?" Lilly asked, her tone unbelieving yet curious. 

 "Wanna hear another secret?" Dad asked. 

 "I am not sure I can handle many more surprises, daddy," Lilly said, although it was obvious her attitude had quickly shifted from embarrassed to curious. 

 "Your mother and I had planned to tell you guys next month at the cottage of our incest past in hope..." he said, allowing the sentence to remain unfinished for us to finish. 

 Silence lingered between us until I finally asked, the words sounding rather blunt, "Dad are you implying you want to fuck Lilly?" 

 "Well that is a crude way to say it, but yes I had hoped all four of us would become intimate," Dad confirmed. 

 Lilly stared at dad trying to process the reality that our father wanted to have sex with her. 

 Suddenly the door closed and mom joined us. "So has your father explained the situation yet?" 

 I replied, "The picture is still a bit murky." 

 Mom walked over to me and unlike dad who was clearly finding the situation awkward, mom kissed me in a way a mother doesn't ever kiss their son. 

 It was short, but intense before mom said, "Look you two, you discovered the beauty of incestuous sex and now that it is out in the open I think we should show each other just how much we truly love each other." 

 "I'm in," I said, needing no more convincing. 

 "What about you sweetheart?" Mom asked, going to her daughter. 

 "It-it-it is a lot to take in," Lilly said, as mom leaned in and kissed her. 

 I watched in perverted voyeuristic awe as my mom and sister kissed. At first Lilly was stiff, like she was with me the first time, yet the longer the kiss continued I could see Lilly's weak resistance melting away. The kiss became more primal the longer it lasted. 

 I glanced at dad who was equally enjoying the lesbian mother-daughter passion. 

 I instantly assumed that mom and Aunt Sarah were lovers and the thought of mom in between Sarah's legs flashed in my head. 

 "Jack, Anthony, come and help me," Mom instructed. 

 Lilly looked overwhelmed, but her red cheeks also gave away her sexual arousal. 

 We both tentatively joined Mom as we as a family made love to Lilly. 

 Dad unzipped Lilly's dress, while Mom helped taking it off a clearly bewildered Lilly, who looked over to me with a look that could only be described as disbelieving. 

 I joined the undressing of my sister as I smiled at her as I reached behind and unclasped her bra. 

 "Pantyhose ripped at the crotch my dear, how deliciously naughty," Mom purred, as she lifted up her dress to reveal she was wearing a garter and stockings, my cock again flinching. 

 "Anthony did that," Lilly spoke for the first time in a while. 

 "And you like to please your brother don't you, honey?" Mom smiled. 

 Lilly blushed again, now naked except her torn pantyhose, "I suppose," she whispered. 

 "Because you are submissive by dear, aren't you?" Mom assessed accurately, taking her daughter's left nipple in her mouth. 

 Lilly whimpered weakly, "I guess." 

 "You like to please don't you?" Mom asked, moving to Lilly's right nipple. 

 "Yeeees," Lilly moaned as her mother nibbled on her nipple. Meanwhile dad was kissing his daughter's neck from behind. 

 "And you have always been a daddy's girl, haven't you, Lilly?" Mom asked, lowering herself to her knees. 

 Lilly looked down at Mom, clearly still stunned yet obviously horny as hell. "I suppose." 

 "Do you want mommy to lick your pussy and get it ready for daddy, sweetheart?" Mom asked, her voice the same as if she was asking Lilly if she wanted cream in her coffee. 

 "I-I-I don't know," Lilly stammered, looking at me for help. 

 I nodded. 

 Mom continued her sexual teasing her daughter. "Lilly we would never make you do anything you don't want to do. Do you understand?" 

 "Yes," Lilly nodded. 

 "Do you want mommy to lick your sweet little pussy?" Mom asked, moving so close it looked from my advantage point that she had to be lip to lip. "Hmmmm, you smell good enough to devour whole." 

 Lilly trembled as she looked at me overwhelmed by the situation and her own growing desire to be pleasured. Her voice cracked as she weakly said, "Yes, Mommy." 

 Mom leaned forward and licked her daughter's pussy and my cock flinched with eager anticipation of when it would be my turn for Mom's ministrations to my now rock hard member. 

 Lilly let out a long moan as Mom's tongue touched her pussy and after a few seconds of lesbian incest intimacy, Mom said, "Boys don't just stand there, lets pleasure her whole body." 

 

 Dad continued staying behind Lilly kissing her back and squeezing her ass cheeks. 

 Lilly's eyes went wide as I moved in and kissed her. Our tongues moved tentatively in each other mouths as Lilly was so distracted by our parents' double onslaught on her senses. 

 Lilly eventually broke the kiss as her breathing began to get erratic. Looking down, mom lapping away and dad groping freely as he whispered, "Does my little girl want daddy to fuck her?" 

 Lilly's sounds were a type of sexual pleasure I had only heard in porn movies. 

 Both my parents were pleasuring their daughter begged, a hunger in her eyes, "Daddy, please fuck me." 

 Hearing such words from my sister had my cock begging to get some attention as dad stood up, pulled down his pants hastily, his cock a literal twin to mine, and taking control, ordered, "Move to the table for support, sweetheart." 

 Lilly didn't need to be told twice as mom moved out from underneath her daughter, her face shiny with pussy juice, and Lilly returned to the table where I earlier this evening (hard to believe that had been just a few hours ago) had taken her virginity. 

 Dad had the same look of insatiable hunger I had, as he positioned himself behind his daughter, whose left hand was rapidly rubbing her clit. 

 "Hurry Daddy," Lilly begged, adding even more taboo naughtiness as she had obviously accepted the kinky reality of our incestuous act, "Fuck your baby girl, daddy." 

 Dad clearly didn't need any further convincing as he easily slid his stiff cock inside his daughter. 

 "Ooooooooh, yeeees, daaaaaddy," Lilly moaned loudly as she was filled completely in one hard thrust. 

 "Your pussy is so tight baby," Dad groaned a look of euphoria on his face. 

 Mom moved to me, still on the floor, and asked as her hand went directly to my stiff erection, "Is my big boy needing some attention to?" 

 I mumbled, "God yes." 

 I watched as mom unbuckled my belt, tugged down my pants and underwear and took my hard rod in her hands. She purred, "Hmmmm, is this all for me?" 

 Trying to be suave under the circumstances, I replied, "All for you, Mom." 

 "Mmmmm, delicious," she smiled before opening her mouth and taking my cock in it. 

 Instantly I wondered if cocksucking was a DNA trait as mother and daughter had a similar style of pleasing a man with their whole mouth including their tongue. Many girls think giving head is just a back and forth bob, which usually gets the job done, but a true cocksucker uses her lips, mouth, hands and saliva to create an onslaught of sensations that has the man's knees bucking. Mom's was that kind of blow job and so much more. 

 I looked at my sister who was ferociously rubbing her clit as dad slammed into her from behind. Unlike my one time making love to her, dad was fucking her. Lilly's body was bouncing like a rag doll with each firm deep thrust dad made into her. Lilly meanwhile was clearly in sexual ecstasy as she moaned and begged for more. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Cocksucking College Sister: Mom-Dad ****** bysilkstockingslover© "Harder daddy, fuck your slutty daughter harder," she begged, which only turned me on more. 

 I returned my gaze to my mother who was worshipping my cock like it was the holy grail of cocks. Deciding to be aggressive myself, confident in my assessment that she was submissive, I ordered, "Let's see you bend over beside Lilly, my mommy slut." 

 Mom looked up, her mouth full of cock as if asking me with her eyes if I had just called her a slut. 

 Reading her mind, I confirmed my authority over her, as I continued, "I plan to make you my full time mommy slut, Julie." 

 I had never used her first name before or called her a slut, but my hunch was right (like I knew I had to be slow and sweet with Lilly, I knew I had to be firm and aggressive with mom). 

 Mom took my cock out of her mouth and she asked, her hand firmly on my cock, "Are you trying to Dom your mother?" 

 Her tone surprisingly stern as if I was in trouble had me considering had I misjudged the situation and mother's submissiveness. 

 I pondered backing down but having started the power play I figured I may as well finish it. 

 Staying firm, I threatened, "If you want your son's big cock in that sweet cunt of yours you will get over there and bend over like a good mommy-slut or I will go find Aunt Sarah. I bet she would be a good little fuck-toy." 

 Time stood still as mom stared at me from her submissive position on her knees while I stared down at her firmly. 

 "Shit you got mommy all fucking wet," she finally said, standing up and going to join her daughter who was still getting pounded hard from dad. 

 Mom bent over, lifted up her dress, surprising me by being commando and leaned in and kissed her daughter. 

 I moved towards my mom's perfect ass, so perfect in every curve, and put my hands on her hips. 

 "Beg your son to fuck you mommy-slut," I demanded, my cock between her legs teasing her pussy. 

 Breaking the lesbian incest kiss, she begged, "Please shove that big snake in mommy, make mommy your fuck-toy." 

 I couldn't believe the words I was hearing, but was not one to disobey my mother and I pushed forward filling my mom's cunt with my cock. 

 "Oh yes, Anthony," Mom moaned as my body slammed into hers. 

 "You like my cock in your cunt," I asked, not moving as I allowed myself to enjoy the forbidden warmth of mom's volcano of pleasure. 

 "I fucking love it, baby," Mom resounded. 

 Lilly meanwhile was in an orgasmic frenzy as she screamed, "Oh my, oh my, oh my God daddyyyyyyyyyy, you made your daughter coooome." 

 Dad smiled at me as he continued to thrust into his daughter even as she orgasmed. 

 "You look so beautiful baby," Mom purred as she watched her baby girl come from her dad's cock. 

 "You too, Mommmmmmy," she whimpered as her orgasm continued to quiver through her. 

 I continued slowly fucking mom, enjoying her warmth as I watched my sister's beautiful lips as her post orgasm whimpers continued to escape. 

 Dad grunted and demanded, "On your knees, slut. Get ready to take daddy's come." 

 I winced knowing that Lilly didn't like the derogatory terms, but was surprised when she quickly turned around, fell to her knees and devoured dad's cock. She hungrily bobbed up and down like the amazing cocksucker she was. 

 "Shit baby, you are just like your mother," Dad moaned. 

 Watching her daughter give her husband a blow job seemed to turn Mom on as she demanded, "Harder son, fuck Mommy harder." 

 Obliging her request, I began to replicate the sex scene I had just watched unfold. I began to slam into Mom my body crashing against her with each deep forward thrust. 

 Mom got incredibly animated as I fucked her. "Ooooooh yes, son. Fuck Mommy's cunt," and "Yes, baby, pound me baby," and "Oh God, I love being your Mommy- sluuuut." 

 Meanwhile dad grunted, "I'm coming, baby girl." 

 Lilly didn't slow down as she impressed dad by easily swallowing every last drop. 

 "Fuck baby, soooooo good," Dad groaned his facial expression one of pure satisfaction. 

 "Harder, Anthony, fuck your mommy-slut, fill my cunt with your cum," Mommy moaned, as she somehow tightened her cunt muscles around my cock bringing a new sensation I had never felt before like she was milking me for all I was worth. 

 The mixture of watching dad and Lilly and the crazy tight cunt of mom was too much and I grunted, "Here comes my cum mommmmmmmmmy!" 

 I unloaded my cum in my mother's cunt as she demanded, "Keep fucking me baby, I'm close too." 

 I didn't slow down as mom milked every last ounce of my cum from her pussy death grip. 

 "Oh yes baby, yes, so cloooooose, yes, yes, shiiiiit," Mom screamed as her orgasm hit her. A smile crossed my face knowing I had made my mother come as I slowed down exhausted. 

 To my surprise, I felt hands pull me back out of mom and was surprised to learn it was Lilly who said, "Move it big brother." 

 Lilly fell to her knees and buried her face into mom's leaking pussy...a mixture of mom's and my cum. 

 The sight was so nasty hot my shrinking cock flinched. 

 Mom moaned, "That's it my little cunt licker, clean mommy's cunt." 

 Dad laughed, "I think we may have created a monster." 

 I chuckled, "A beautiful fucking monster." 

 THE END 

 NOTES 

 Aunt Sarah and Kevin Sister Lilly Narrator Mike Dad --jack 

 Mom -julie Report_Story 