#1 

 

 ****** Daddy's Such A Fucking Pervert ****** byNonStopFunGuy© What kind of Daddy fucks a horny and hot 18 year old, high school senior right in front of his own daughter -- and then doesn't stop, and gets his daughter to take her daddy's cock in her cunt and licking his semen out of her friend's pussy? 

 I guess I'm that kind of Daddy. My name's Danny, I'm 55, and I'm a fucking pervert. I don't mind admitting it, it's true. I ruined my first marriage -- to Chastity's mom -- because I was cheating on her constantly. Even Tiger Woods would have been proud of me, in fact. At the time, I ran a training center for under-privileged kids, and I have to say, some of their moms -- mostly Latinas and poor white women -- were usually attracted to supportive, authority-type figures (you know, who actually had jobs), as were a couple of appreciative girls when they turned 18 and got into college or got good jobs because of my center. Eventually, I even had a back room set up for sex, and I regularly used it. There'd be some days I had two or three women in it at different times, and more than a couple times where I'd have two females in it with me at the same time. One mom, a very pretty and skinny illegal immigrant who barely spoke English, even let me fuck her AND her just-turned-18 daughter back there - - that was some hot, nasty fun. 

 But banging my hot brunette daughter Chastity, along with a smoking-hot blonde friend of hers? I really sunk to some level of perversion there; but I don't feel guilty about it at all. It was the hottest fucking sex I could possibly imagine! 

 (If you want to skip right to the sex, scroll down or flip the pages to the section with a big banner -- you can't miss it -- and you can just hear all the hot details. If you want to know how it came to happen, you know, what led me to get to fuck Chastity and Blondie, then keep reading.) 

 I'm not the hottest guy ever, but I know women like my style and what I have to offer. I keep myself thin and fit, I jog regularly, even do 10K runs. I don't care for the marathons, what's the point in that, those are brutal. I've aged well, with hair that's thick enough to comb, and still dark enough that isn't not all silver. I am not "ripped" but I don't have any flab on my body, and I use free weights at home to keep my arms in good shape. I've measured my dick, and it's just a shade over 7 inches long -- I know some guys have thicker pricks, but a long cock that lasts a long time during sex keeps the women pretty well entertained. That's what I'm about, entertainment. 

 "Entertaining" women besides my first wife is how I met my second wife, Rebecca. Her younger kid, daughter, was enrolled at the center. Rebecca, unmarried, was basically just slutty, the kind of white trash that most men publicly disdain but privately fantasize about. After fucking her at the center, I decided to leave my first wife -- well, okay, she might have sort of kicked me out of the house. That was okay, I had tons more free time to fuck women. When the center told me to get another employer, I began working as a manger at a computer store. The money sucks, but I love having set shifts that mean I know my schedule, and I don't have to take work home. 

 So I've got the lifestyle of a total sex addict. Rebecca and I got into swinging, where we meet other couples and trade partners. We used to do that pretty regularly, maybe a few times a year now. Rebecca doesn't like me to "cheat" on my own, but she doesn't really ask me where I'm going when I say I have to "run errands" or that I "have an appointment." I think she fucks around on me, which is probably okay, because I can't stop fucking around behind her back either. 

 And one of the guys helping facilitate my infidelity is Rebecca's older kid, her own son (and now my step-son) Jayson. He's 23, got his own place not all that far from my apartment. He was a ballplayer at the local university, and while not exactly a professional athlete, he has the body for it: thick neck, muscular shoulders, really imposing physique. He was a "tight end" in college, although that's not quite the term I'd use to describe him. However, girls think he's really handsome -- he's got those all-American cute looks, blue eyes, short blonde hair trimmed closely, and a friendly smile. 

 We're quite the pair, the over-sexed, 55-year-old stepfather and his horny, 23- year-old stepson. I've banged girls at his apartment, even shared a married woman with him for a threesome. (Damn, that bitch Melanie was one hot slut! I love petite, white brunettes.) So he totally knows I fuck around behind his mom's back, but he doesn't care, because I send pussy his way too. One was a mom I knew back from my days at the center, a Latina who's body still rocked at age 38; and another was a girl I'd originally met at the center, who said I was too old for her, but who desperately wanted me to fix her up with Jayson. I won't talk more about her, but man, Jayson was one lucky guy to get to do her. 

 Hope you're paying attention. I'm getting to the good part, but, this is all how it happened. 

 Now, I have to introduce the other player of this sordid tale -- my daughter Chastity. She's mine, not Rebecca's. Since my divorce six years ago, Chastity's been living with my first wife, they moved out to the Poconos to be near Chastity's mom's extended family. I had gotten to see Chastity just a few times a year, but we kept in touch -- email and twitter is pretty fucking good for that. So in some ways, she's my loving daughter, and in other ways, a bit of a stranger. 

 But, man, as a pervert, I can say: Chastity developed into one fucking, hot piece of meat. She's a swimmer and diver at her high school, I mean, not a real good one, but she is fit as fuck. No flab on her 5-foot-3 body, plus her smallish titties really stick out nicely on her perfectly-flat chest and tummy. She's got black hair halfway down her back, big brown eyes, and usually has a great tan because she's always swimming outside whenever it's not snowing or raining. She loves make-up and wearing tight, revealing outfits, I'm sure to her bitchy mom's dismay. She gets around a bit, I've read her twitter account to know that not only has she been friendly with boys, but probably (reading between the lines) with maybe some of her horny girl friends too. But that's a pervert talking, I mean, maybe that was all my imagination, right? When a girl tweets her, "You're gorgeous and hot, are you an angel," and then Chastity tweets back, "I'm the devil, and you're gonna love me for it" -- I mean, I'm right to read something into those tweets, right? Or another day, she tweets, "I'm stuck at home alone 9 hours, how boring," and then half an hour later tweets that one of her BFFs will actually "spend the 9 hours with me, better clear out the next day too to recuperate" -- like, I'm right to guess what she was doing for those nine hours with her friend, yeah? Oh, her girl friend's tweeter handle was "iluvtitsweat" -- tell me that's not a girl who fucks other girls. 

 Not that I ever imagined anything would come of Chastity being a horny 18 year old, high school senior. I wasn't really into the family-sex thing, I mean, I can't say I ever even jerked off thinking about her. Seemed sort of unhealthy and improper, in fact, to even conceive of looking at her as a sexual object. I could simply appreciate, as a proud papa, that men and girls found Chastity to be fucking gorgeous. And if a girl not my daughter looked exactly like her, I'd definitely bang her relentlessly. But her being my daughter, well, that wasn't even a consideration. 

 So then something happened, and that led to me being a filthy, disgusting pervert. 

 What happened was, I set her up on a one-night sex date with my handsome stepson Jayson. Which really isn't all that weird, I mean, they hadn't even ever met before, with Chastity and her mom living a pretty long drive away, six or seven hours. One day about five or six months ago, I was Skyping with Chastity, just talking, when I mentioned Jayson for some reason I don't remember. I showed her a picture of him, because she was like, yeah I don't even know what he looks like. When she saw the photo -- him in a Speedo suit - - I saw her eyes light up, and she went something like, "Ooh!" You know, she looked impressed. She playfully asked if he had a girlfriend, and I said, yeah but that doesn't stop him from fucking around. Chastity gave me a disapproving scowl, even sticking her tongue out at me, because it was still a sore spot her parents split due to the fact that her horny father couldn't stop sticking his penis in other women's cunts. So I reminded her that Jayson wasn't married, and then I sort of said something I shouldn't have. Thinking about her twitter accounts and stuff, I said to my daughter, "Not like you're monogamous are ya?" She freaked and blushed, but you know, she didn't deny me, instead she nodded, "Good one, Daddy." 

 So I was like, you want to meet Jayson, he'd LOVE you? And Chastity played coy, no no, that'd be silly. But I said, send me a couple pictures of yourself you'd like me to show him -- and if he likes what he sees, how about I fly you down here to meet him? Now, Chastity pretended like that was a horrible idea. Bad Daddy! How could you suggest that! She didn't need my help getting dates! He was so much older than her (23 to 18)! No wonder Mom divorced me! What a male pig I was -- a "horn dog," was the word she used! 

 But, you know, the next night, she send me an email. "Send him these," she wrote. She attached three pictures. One, she was at a party, in a white blouse showing a black bra under it, blowing a kiss to the camera. Two, she was in a bikini side by side with a hot blonde girl friend, also in bikini, at the beach. Three, in her homecoming dress -- a tight, red, strapless thing. I mean, fuck, Chastity was hot, right, she looked so fuckable in those pictures. 

 Obviously, you already can guess Jayson's prediction. I flipped him the email and pictures, writing, "Remember I have an 18 yr old daughter, she wants to know if you think she's hot, and if so, she wants to meet you because your picture made her go OOOOOO." Jayson's response was basically, "you're serious?" And I said hey, it's part of our deal -- he gets me laid, I get him laid. And I like the idea of making my daughter happy. Plus, it seemed particularly nasty to have my daughter of my first wife fuck the son of my second wife -- it wasn't taboo or anything, I mean they'd never even met before, but it was perverted nonetheless. 

 We made up some bullshit excuse for Chastity's mom, you know, she wants to fly out here and meet some old girl friends from junior high before everyone goes off to college, yada yada yada. All bullshit, although maybe, Chastity did contact some of them. Jayson hardly needed to make up an excuse for his girlfriend. "Hey, my stepdad's bringing his kid around for the weekend, I gotta do family shit with them." That was perfectly true. He kind of left out, my "kid" was a petite, sexy, slutty 18 year old brunette, and by "family shit" he meant, "stick my penis into the girl's vagina over and over." But his girlfriend didn't ask, and she wasn't lied to, so what's she got to complain about. 

 Chastity came out on a Friday night, and she flew back home Sunday afternoon. And you know, the first day with Chastity -- just me and her, plus my wife Rebecca and her younger daughter Rachel (16 years old) -- was actually really nice. Family stuff, dinner at a restaurant, staying up late talking, sleeping in and talking more. Now, Rachel is pretty weird, and I won't even go into anything about her in this story. Nothing to say, and let's just say, there won't ever be anything to say about her on Literotica. Period, not now, not ever. Anyway, Chastity was just cute and sweet. Felt like old times; each time we get together, it's light and breezy, never serious, just fun, even if we don't go out and do anything. I just loved being around her. 

 Only, this was the first time I'd seen her at 18 years old, and she was all female. Hard to keep my eyes off of her butt, which is just fucking exquisite. And it made me horny knowing, she came out to see me, mainly to hook up with Jayson. 

 Although, if you'd have asked her, she wouldn't admit it. MAYBE she'd meet Jayson, MAYBE she'd hang out with him while I had something else to do. Totally non-committal. I think she was embarrassed her old man flew her into town to get laid by my step-son, as hot as he was. 

 So it was early afternoon on that Saturday, when I drove her out to Jayson's place. My second wife thought we were just going to spend a "daddy-daughter" day at the mall, or some shit like that. That's not quite what happened. Chastity's next 24 hours were way more interesting than that. 

 At first, it was the three of us lounging around on Jayson's cheap furniture, talking and stuff. Probably about an hour. It wasn't sexual or nothing, it didn't even feel like a hook-up of any kind. I was the father, and it was like, son of my second wife, meet daughter of my first wife. Ok, now talk about boring shit -- school, friends, music, whatever kids talk about. But I could see Jayson checking out her body, even in her boring t-shirt and tight jeans (although, on her body, no clothing is really boring). Jayson kept shooting me looks like, hey I like her, and maybe, you know, when's she going to get naked? 

 So after a long time and it looked like nothing was going to happen between the two of them, at least based on the natural progression of the conversation, I took control. I left. I mean, I was like, hey I gotta do shit -- call me if you need me. Didn't even make plans to come back and get her, or go to dinner, or anything. I just left the place. I went home, told my wife Chastity had hooked up with girl friends from junior high school who were now seniors in high school like her, and they were all at the mall then going to someone's house. She was going to call me if she needed me. Rebecca even felt bad I'd lost my daughter to other girls. And, in her inimical fashion, Rachel just muttered under her breath but loud enough for everyone to hear, "I can't understand why she'd do that." 

 Dang, I was horny, thinking about what Chastity and Jayson were doing, you know? 

 So, this all having happened months ago, I can tell you what they were doing. 

 Sex; sex; sex; some fucking in there; and, oh yeah, seriously, another cock too. Chastity had her first double-penetration sex with two males. 

 Wanna hear details? 

 Seems about ten minutes after I left, they started making out, clothing came off, and the banged on the sofa and in his bedroom. She'd never fucked a guy more than two years older than her, but I think the key was, she'd never fucked a guy with a dick as big as Jayson's cock. I've seen his cock in action - - probably almost 8 inches of swollen, fat meat, he undoubtedly stretched her tight hole wider than it ever had been, and reached deeper into her cunt than anything that had ever been shoved in there. And I'm sure he got her to climax better and harder than any teen boy had ever accomplished. 

 After fucking, they went out to play pool and get some food for dinner. I know what he was doing -- showing off the hot 18 year old brunette to some of his buddies. After dinner they went back to his place, and just fucked some more. That's when I got a call from her, updating me that things were going great with Jayson. I didn't need to ask, but was told anyway, that she'd be spending the night with him. Teenage girls living with their moms while in high school don't normally get a chance to actually SLEEP OVER at a male's house; it was a rare treat for Chastity. 

 But, this would be the sweetest treat she'd ever had. 

 Jayson has a former teammate, who's 25, Raymond. Black guy, but light-skinned. Very, very nice fellow -- wears glasses, goes to business school, owns his own small business distributing parts for old or rare cars. He played running back, so he wasn't particularly tall, nor thick; he's just solid, muscular, built. Jayson and Raymond had shared girls before. And the night Chastity stayed over at Jayson's place, they shared another -- my own fucking daughter! Jayson wasn't ashamed to tell me about it, at a later date. After screwing around with Chastity until around 10 pm, Raymond called Jayson to see what was up for the night. Jayson invited his buddy over, not for sex really, but to hang out a bit. I don't know how long it took to happen, but at some point, Chastity let the two hung males put her on her knees between them, sucking their dicks back and forth, and then soon after that she was on a bed taking Raymond's black cock into her cunt. Not her first black guy, however, at least according to what she said to the two of them. But the first time she was naked with two males; and certainly the first time she had a cock up her ass, simultaneously with having a cock up her pussy. 

 Raymond left the two love bird alone around 2 am or something. Chastity slept with Jayson, then fucked him again in the morning. Then they went out to breakfast, and came back and fucked another time in the shower. She finally had me come pick her up mid-morning, refreshed and looking not at all like she'd been slutting around since mid-day the day before. A couple hours at my house, then it was off to the airport to fly home to her unsuspecting, bitchy mom. 

 I figured, I must be some kind of pervert to set up my own teenage daughter on an overnight sex date with my step-son. But you know, I didn't feel guilty about it whatsoever. Turned me on, thinking about what a nice father I was to her, letting her get some solid, adult cock. 

 My efforts were well-appreciated. Jayson told me he "owed me for that one." He was very complementary and almost even gentlemanly, not really saying mean or degrading things about my teenage daughter, despite what she'd done with him. Respectful of a father's view of his daughter, I guess. I had to coax the details out of him, much later -- several weeks later, and it required not only alcohol, but a female with us, who was turned on to hear the details of how he fucked my daughter. So it was more like, a slightly-drunk Jayson told the girl what happened, and I just happened to be sitting there. Just the two of us, alone together, he wouldn't have told me. 

 Chastity, too, was circumspect about the events. Great time, great guy, lots and lots of fun. Had a wonderful time. But she wouldn't say anything about sex, and oddly, I wasn't going to ask. I'd never had a conversation with her about sex, ever -- not even the birds and the bees, her mom did that. 

 Now, that happened several months ago. That brings us to this past weekend. 

 As luck would have it, Chastity's high school swim team had an out-of-state road trip to a city that was about two hours from where I live. I'd never even seen her swim before, except as a kid many years earlier, and I was excited about maybe going out to see the meet. My second wife encouraged me to go, even going online to help me find a room at a motel near the meet for a couple of nights. I mean, two hours, that's not difficult to drive; but I was going to see her for dinner the night before (with the whole team and quite a few of the parents), then again (same thing) the night after the meet. Why drive back and forth, right, Rebecca said. I mean, from my wife's perspective, it's not like I could bring a girlfriend with me, right? (Not that I didn't think about it; just didn't have anyone who would have said yes to the offer.) 

 That Friday night was mostly boring. Chastity was hanging out with her friends on the team, I was left to fend for myself with fat, boring parents. I did get to meet the blonde girl who was in the picture with her, which I sent to Jayson. Her name was Lauren, and let me say, Chastity picks hot girl friends. I guess hot girls hang out with hot girls, huh. Lauren was basically a "sizzling blonde," about as sexy as you'd want them. Long, flowing golden-blonde hair, big blue eyes, and a swimmer's athletic butt and thighs. Plus, she was actually chesty, maybe sporting C or even D cups on a very slender chest -- they looked over-inflated in fact. She had a thin face and cute, upturned nose, plus thick lips covered in cherry-red lipstick. I mean, couldn't be hotter. And she wasn't flaunting it, she had on a loose sweater (that still sprouted on her chest, due to her oversized tits), and loose jeans. She was kind of quiet at first, but Chastity and her sat with me a little while, and she got friendly. Definitely a popular item, as i saw the males on the team constantly buzzing around her, trying to get her attention. Didn't seem any were successful at it. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Daddy's Such A Fucking Pervert ****** byNonStopFunGuy© The "kids" (sheesh, they were 16 to 18 year olds) had to get to bed "early," for the meet and all. By 9:30, I was alone in my hotel room, bored. Thought about driving home. Instead, got on the computer, and actually had webcam sex with my wife, Rebecca. Yeah, it happens; we'd done it before. She fucked herself with a vibrator while I jerked off, we spent about an hour masturbating for each other. I mean, I would have preferred some smoking-hot, younger bitch lying nude in bed with me, but not having any such option, my pretty wife over the Internet was a decent alternative. 

 Next day, saw the team at breakfast, went to the swim meet, blah blah blah. Boring day, a very long meet. Then the team went out to dinner again, and that finished up around 8 pm. 

 Now, the bus was schedule to leave right after dinner. Like I said earlier, I wasn't sure I wanted to make the two-hour drive back home myself, so I still had the motel room for a second night, if I wanted it. But a full night in an empty motel room didn't seem appealing to me. 

 I was musing over my options during dinner, even telling it to Chastity and her hot blonde friend Lauren at the restaurant. I mean, they were headed in the completely opposite direction back to their home town, so I didn't even think it mattered to them, whether I stayed or left. 

 But, later that evening, as everyone on the team was preparing to leave the restaurant and head for the bus, Chastity pulled me aside. Daddy, she giggled, looking slightly embarrassed, why don't you stay for the night, if you still have the room? And why would I do that, I asked. Because, she said with a blush and a grin, I kind of have a present for you. A present, I snickered back, what are you walking about and why the fuck would it involve my hotel room? 

 So she told me HALF the story. She related to me that one of the assistant coaches and his wife had family in town -- the reason they picked this particular meet -- and were not going to head back for home until the next morning. When Chastity told the coach that her father was at the meet and she hadn't seen me in months, he was like, if you want to stay over with your father, my wife and I will drive you back home. 

 You know, my first reaction was to say no to it. I mean, I loved my daughter like any father does, and spending time with her that I normally never had would typically seem like a good thing. But I was tired from sitting on a wooden bench for six hours watching an overly-long swim meet with fifty teams from schools I'd never heard of. Basically, I was cranky and old, and sitting around a motel room wasn't really an option with my daughter, and I wasn't sure we could really go out and have any fun. The old man in me was like, just say no, not the right time for it. 

 "No, Daddy, it'll be fun, I promise," she told me, again saying she had a "present" for me, but not explaining it. When I said I wasn't sure where we could go to hang out, other than remaining in this very boring restaurant, she told me it would be alright: "Well, don't worry, Daddy, we'll have fun, wherever we end up, I'm sure of it." 

 See, I'm not thinking at this point this is anything sexual whatsoever. I was just a tired, sore, cranky 55 year old guy a couple hours away from home, and my bubbly, too-cheerful daughter was yanking me in a direction I didn't want to go. 

 So I was the perfect target for her little game; I never saw the set-up coming. My motel was just across the parking lot from the restaurant, and Chastity had an idea. If I'd hop in my car and drive over to a convenience store to get snacks for the night -- soda, chips, fruit, whatever -- she'd head over to my motel room first and take a shower and clean herself up -- "I still stink like chlorine," she explained. Chastity said, she'd text me when she was out of the shower and fully dressed, I mean, she didn't want me waiting out in the hallway of the motel while she was getting changed. 

 Alright, I said, giving into the enthusiastic teenager's plans for the evening. Tired, like I said, I wasn't putting up a fight. Plus, it would be nicer having her to talk to, than hanging out alone in the motel room, or trying to drive home at that hour. I gave her my room key, and while she hung behind to say goodbye to her friends heading onto the school bus, I drove down the boulevard looking for a convenience store. Found a 7-Eleven, disgusting as they all are, but took my time picking out finger good and drinks. Even thought about alcohol, but she hadn't said anything about that -- although, I mean, she was 18, surely she had been drunk before. Except I wasn't prepared to field a call from my ex-wife, that I got our daughter drunk. Screw that; no alcohol. 

 Then I sat in the car, listening to college football games, until Chastity sent me the news that she was "ready for me to come back to the room." And she again promised I could get my present there. 

 It was an ironic moment. I chuckled to myself in the car, reading the text. If it had been any other female sending me that text, I would have thought, the present was sexual -- I was going to go back to the motel room, and find her spread-open naked on my bed, waiting to be fucked. But since it came from my teenage daughter, I actually said to myself, zero point zero percent chance it's sexual. Must be a trinket or something, maybe something she picked up during the day, who knows. 

 Zero point zero percent chance of sex, right? 

 I put the car into drive and headed back the short distance to the motel. 

 **************************************************** AND HERE IS WHAT YOU WANT TO READ **************************************************** 

 "Holy. Fucking. Shit." I muttered those words almost as separate sentences - - paragraphs, chapters, perhaps -- as my jaw dropped, freezing in place as I stood inside my motel room. 

 Sitting on the bed against the far wall, at the edge with her legs dangling over the side of the mattress, was Chastity's busty, blonde friend Lauren -- in lingerie and lipstick. She had her golden-blonde hair brushed down one side of her face, in front of her shoulder, falling around her boob; her thick lips were glistening in bright, cumfuckme red lipstick. Her sensationally-hot body was clad in a black, frilly negligee and matching black thong. Through the lace of the negligee, I could see her pale, pink nipples on her breasts; and with her knees and creamy thighs parted, the lace of her thong gave away the slight sight of a shadowy crack inside. 

 "Hiya," the blonde moaned at me, blushing, but not moving. She leaned back with her hands behind her, spread on the bed, keeping her torso upright but showing off the curves of those big tits; meanwhile she spread her thighs more, showing more of her high school pussy through the lacy thong. 

 My brunette daughter appeared at my side, having closed and locked the door behind us. Wearing strong, sweet perfume along with a loose t-shirt and baggy shorts, my petite teen looked up at her shocked father's face, measuring me reaction to the sight of her friend on my bed. "Lauren told me, she thinks you're hot -- and I so owe you for that weekend with Jayson -- so, guess what your present is?" And when she heard me just take a deep breath, my eyes fixated on Lauren's cock-hardening body in the slutty lingerie and thong, Chastity answered her own question. "Lauren's your present, Daddy -- you wanna have fun with her?" 

 I'm a pervert, I fuck females behind my wife's back, I let my wife fuck other men while I fuck the guys' wives. Yet I wasn't prepared at all for this. "Wow - - really?" Yeah, that's all I said. 

 "Really!" Chastity stepped away from me, motioning towards the bed. "You should have some fun, Daddy, it's only fair!" 

 I was still speechless, motionless, like a statute I guess; the horny but nervous blonde 18 year old on my bed gave me some encouragement. Prying her knees to the sides so her lacy, black thong was skin-tight on her shaved pussy, letting me see some color of her pink pussylips as well as portions of her slit, the gorgeous swimmer with blue eyes and a turned-up nose purred at me with conviction in her voice. "Don't you wanna cum have some fun?" 

 My brain lost control; my dick, throbbing hard in my slacks at a painful angle, answered for me. I kicked off my shoes, then yanked off my t-shirt to proudly show off my fit, toned torso and shoulders, with salt-and-pepper colored hairs scattered in small curls across my chest. Putting my hands to my waist, I prepared to unfasten my belt and pants when I looked over at my daughter, still standing near me, smiling as she saw me positive reception to the very sweet offer. "And what about you," I asked in as low-key tone as I could, not wanting to sound too excited, "where will you be?" 

 I mean, my head was wondering, is Chastity joining us? She wasn't dressed slutty like her friend; and, after all, I wouldn't think for a second she was jumping into bed with her girl friend and her own daddy. No, that wasn't the plan at all. She did have something else in mind. However, instead of asking, she stood there, biting her lower lip, her big, brown eyes giving me an apprehensive stare. "Um, well, I can leave you two alone, I guess -- go in your car, or something -- if you want -- if you want privacy, I mean." Her face was turning a shade of crimson, her breath halting. 

 Sensing more to this story, and instantly horny at the offer to fuck the high school blonde on my bed, I found myself smiling wickedly. She sure didn't sound like she wanted to leave. "Or, what -- you gonna stay, you wanna?" 

 And my slutty daughter really blushed now, the deepest shade of guilty red a girl's face can get. "Well, um," she paused, hesitating, but sensing already how I'd react, "I'd, um -- I'd kinda like, you know --" 

 The blonde on the bed finished the thought. "She wants to watch," purred the girl, giggling. 

 Chastity was staring at me, looking for my reaction in my eyes as my gaze fell back on her. She looked so innocent, in a way; petite, young, just a slightly- older version of the child I raised. 

 The apple didn't fall far from the tree, at least when it came to sexual appetite, it seemed. 

 Wow, my daughter was going to watch me fuck? I'd never even considered the possibility before. But because my second wife had watch me fuck other women (while she had been getting fucked by other males), it didn't seem such a stretch of the imagination that my horny daughter would watch me too. It's not like we lived with each other, you know, her daddy wasn't in her business every day like most girls. We lived in different states, we hardly saw each other; we'd become a bit of strangers to each other, on some level, so it wasn't all that outrageous that she'd watch me fucking another girl. 

 I answered her request by ignoring her -- turning to look at the hot blonde on my motel bed, while I unfastened my belt buckle, unbuttoned my pants and unzipped the fly. Pushing my pants and underwear down simultaneously, I kicked my clothing off to leave myself in just dark, ankle-high socks. Those could wait. My skinny but long, seven-inch penis was so fucking hard already, and I grabbed it, squeezing it to milk out some precum from the tip. I saw the blonde gasp as she spied my erection, with my shaved balls dangling beneath it. Then, I even turned to see my daughter's reaction to her father's penis; she was smiling, blushing, and her eyes were riveted at the appearance of my daddycock. Then she glanced up to my face, and blushed badly again. 

 Better to just pretend Chastity wasn't in the room, I told myself, walking towards the bed. Taking my hand off my dick to show her the full size of my married cock, I moaned to the bitch, "Mmm, ever sucked a grownup's dick before?" 

 Lauren shook her head, smiling as she indicated she hadn't, watching me as I drew close. I had her crawl backwards onto the middle of the bed, as I climbed onto my knees on the hard mattress and pulled up right in front of her -- with my pulsating boner pointed right at the girl's face. Chastity pulled up a chair, sitting back on it at the side of the bed, watching intently. The blonde immediately smiled up at me then leaned forward -- and she wrapped her thick, bright-red lips around my penis. "Fuck!" I roared, seeing and feeling the gorgeous face of this 18 year old hottie about to suck my 55 year old pecker. She was going to be the youngest bitch I'd fucked in a few years, since an 18 year old Latina I'd banged a few times back at the center before I left my first wife. This blonde swimmer, however, with the gorgeous face, skinny athletic body and huge tits was way, way hotter than that other girl, whatever her name was. 

 As her lips surrounded my cockhead and sucked it plus a couple of inches of my boner into her wet, warm mouth, her blue eyes smiled up at me. "Mmm, fuck, that's so good of you," I thanked her, using my standard protocol for young women who wanted to pleasure me, "you're so fucking hot and sexy, baby -- look how fucking hard you have me." But I have a particular perversion, and I couldn't resist asking it right off the bat. "You never sucked a married dick before, have you -- gonna help me cheat on my wife, does that turn you on?" 

 Rolling her tongue around my cockhead, with those baby-soft blue eyes still peering up at my face, the youngster moaned in delight. "Mmm, no I haven't - - makes me so hot!" Then she sucked several inches of my length into her mouth, closing lips on it, creating a vacuum as she stuck a good four or four a half inches deep into her mouth, just touching the entrance to her throat. Her golden hair looked so silky, she had the prettiest, sexiest hair of just about any girl I'd ever fucked my whole life. I put a hand on her head to feel her golden strands, slipping fingers through it, but then wrapping fingers around her skull to feel her head bobbing on my penis. Sucking in air, she slowly slid her lips back and forth, sucking noisily, moaning, taking over half my shaft into her mouth then pulling back until just the head was in her mouth. While she sucked me, I glanced at my shoulder back at my daughter. Chastity had her petite, bare feet up on the bed, her legs spread, and she had a hand inside her shorts. Damn, my daughter was masturbating, watching her best friend giving a blowjob to her daddy. 

 After a few minutes of Lauren's mouth working my shaft, I could tell, she was gorgeous and sexy but she wasn't experienced at sucking dick. Too slow and methodical, not enough tongue action. So I pulled out of her mouth, and bent over to kiss her. She let me, opening her lips and turning up to face me, allowing me to slide my tongue inside and wrap it around her tongue. As we French-kissed hungrily, both so horny, my hand reached forward to start groping her big, young boobs through her negligee. Damn, those hooters were awesome! Probably C cups, not quite D; but on her skinny torso, they looked and felt huge. Her nipple was rock hard and long, poking through the lacy fabric of the negligee. But that negligee was in the way only a few seconds, because Lauren peeled it off her shoulders, both straps, and downwards to reveal her naked breasts. Damn, they were so much bigger than Chastity's, or about any other girl her age I'd fucked. I fondled and kneaded her fleshy, soft tits while continuing to suck face with her, moaning as we made out in front of Chastity. 

 Her tits felt so good in my hands, I couldn't resist, I broke the kiss and bent all the way over, resting on my knees, so I could start sucking those hooters. Lauren giggled, arching her back more with her hands behind her on the bed, allowing me to lick back and forth over those glorious tits. "Mmmmm," i moaned in delight, sliding my tongue around one hard nipple, then shoving a mouthful of teen flesh into my lips, before licking over to the other tit and doing the same thing. I got those twin orbs all wet with my saliva, and Lauren let me, watching me, rocking her body back and forth to alternatingly push her left and right breasts into my mouth, back and forth. 

 Meanwhile, while sloppily and greedily sucking and licking, my hand slid down her body, between her creamy, smooth thighs, right to her crotch. Lauren gasped, spreading wider, pushing her pelvis forward, offering me her pussy in her thong. She was gasping, moaning, so turned on. Over on the chair by the side of the bed, Chastity was hardly breathing, she had a half-smile on her face, her eyes aimed right at my hand on Lauren's crotch. With only a brief glance to her, I could see a bulge in her shorts where her hand was working over her crotch. 

 I couldn't believe this was happening! And I wasn't upset about it whatsoever. 

 No, I was fully in support of Chastity's idea that I fuck Lauren, as a present for having let Jayson and his black buddy Raymond fuck Chastity a few months earlier. Fine with me; and if Chastity wanted to watch, I was fine with that too. I can't say that, at that moment, her being there was a turn-on, and in fact, I probably felt a little bit inhibited. Maybe not so much inhibited as, you know, being on display; better put on a good show for my daughter, you know. So she could tell her other hot friends too, maybe! 

 If Chastity wanted to see it, then, I'd better let her see it. As I rubbed Lauren's pussy through her thong, making the fabric sopping wet and her pelvis began wiggling wildly with me still suckling her naked breasts, it was clear neither of us wanted to wait much longer. This only just started, but there wasn't going to be a lot of foreplay. You know, sometimes sex is like that. Just gotta go with the flow. So I pulled away from her, and flopped onto my butt and back on the bed -- my feet stretched out in the direction of my daughter, so as I spread my hairy, fit thighs she got a good look at her old man's long, hard dick and shaved, fat balls. Lauren eyed the penis that was going to fuck her, until I motioned for her to get on top of me. She actually stood up on the bed, bending over to peel off her useless thong, and remove her negligee which had bunched around her thin stomach. 

 Standing completely nude in front of me, Lauren proudly showed off her amazing body. It was deep in October, but her skill remained bronze and tanned from the summer. Her hips were thin, her stomach flat, and her thighs powerful; but her tits were just shockingly large and round on that slender torso, while her flowing, golden-blonde hair made her all the more perfect. Her cunt was completely shaved bald, and she had sexy pink lips that glistened with anticipation of what I'd be doing to it. When she saw my eyes drinking up the sight of her tits and cunt, she smiled, even pulling her hair behind her shoulders so that I had an unimpeded view of her divine boobs. 

 I pulled her down onto my lap, straddling me, having her tits face me so I could stare at them while she fucked. My favorite position is having a female on top of me, because that way I can get a good look at how sexy she is, it makes me harder. Shit, Lauren would have me as hard as any female ever had, even if we were in pitch black and I had my eyes gouged out ahead of time. But the sight of those glorious orbs and slim, teen body were going to make this the best fuck I'd had in years -- if not the best ever, period. I put my hands on her soft, narrow hips, guiding her body downward as she lowered herself on top of me, knees by my sides, her cunt nearing my prick. She leaned all the way forward on her fours, her face in front of mine, and before we even started fucking I found myself kissing her again, hard. She broke the kiss to lean up a bit and wiggle her ass, placing her pink, wet cuntlips on my shaft, and we both shuddered at the contact. My lips slipped down to the nape of her skinny neck, nuzzling her young skin with wet licks and kisses, while my hands groped her petite, firm buttocks. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Daddy's Such A Fucking Pervert ****** byNonStopFunGuy© Lauren grunted, squatting down all the way, gyrating her pelvis until the hole of her cunt felt my cockhead. With a yelp she sat backwards, my fat cockhead popping into her tight, teen vagina. I thrust my pelvis up at that moment, and smelling her sexy feminine aromas while I continued kissing her neck and her slim shoulder, Lauren rocked backward to push a solid inch of my concrete penis into her sloppy twat. I couldn't see her, but past our bodies at the side of the bed, Chastity must have had a perfect view of the sex -- with my thighs parted, she was unquestionably staring at Lauren's naked ass and my erection and balls underneath it, with the top of my cock now inside Lauren's body. 

 "Uhhh, FUCK" I couldn't help but scream, the slut's cunt was so fucking tight! I wrapped my hands around her hips, digging my thumbs into the crack between her torso and legs, to get a good hold of her and slam her down more. I laid back, flat on the bed, staring up at her big naked boobs and gorgeous face as we began to fuck. She smiled -- she had such a friendly look, I mean, not so much horny as it was amicable. Then, in a most not-just-friends way, her face sunk down on top of mine, and her young lips were on my married mouth again, and we began licking each other's tongues and French kissing once more. Girl couldn't suck cock good, but she could kiss great. Moaning into our kiss, our lips slurped on each other while she began humping me, her ass rising and lowering, pushing more and more of my dick into her cunt. Her firm ass was thrusting powerfully, her legs were really strong from being a swimmer, and even though her cunt was tight as a vice, she soon had most of my seven inches of adult meet inside her high school cunt. 

 As my cock was probing her cunt, Chastity moaned from her ringside seat. I couldn't resist, I broke the kiss to look past Lauren's shoulder at my daughter. Chastity indeed was staring at the fucking, watching her daddy's penis inside her friend's bald wet slit, stretching open those ultra-tight lips. My daughter's hand was still inside her shorts, not moving so much from what I could see, but relieving some sexual tension as she watched us fucking. 

 I pulled Lauren's torso over myself, once again greedily sucking her big boobs while she fucked me. With her hips pumping up and down, her cunt sliding up and down my pole, she pushed her tit into my face and let me suck it into my mouth. Man, those tits were so fleshy and soft! My hands were clasping her asscheeks, firm and muscular, feeling her body moving, prying them apart too. 

 The sex was making me more horny, and while I love a woman on top of me, it's not how I feel I can fuck the deepest or best. In quick moves, I pushed her off of me and onto her back. I wasn't sure how to do it for Chastity to get the best view, so I ended up spinning Lauren around completely -- so the blonde ended up on her back still on the bed, but with her head pointed in Chastity's direction. Lauren grinned up at me evilly, wanting more, and pulled her knees back -- the universal signal from a female to come fuck her pussy. Now, as I crawled between those spread-open legs, I could look down at Lauren's tits and body, but also glance up to see Chastity watching us. The playful smile on my brunette daughter's face was turning me on, not in any way directed at her, but just knowing that my sex with Lauren was pleading Chastity. 

 Lauren wasn't a talker but she was a grunter, making deep, animal noises from her belly as I shoved my meat into her cunt. Fuck, that teen slot was so fucking tight! I moaned again at how tight it was, telling her how fucking hot she was, how tight her pussy was, and how hard she had me. She smiled up at me, pushing long blonde hair off her face and breathing hard, her big-titted chest heaving as we fucked. So I asked her, "Like fucking a married cock?" And she giggled at me with a nod, "Hmm, love it!" 

 Grabbing her knees, I spread her legs so wide, sinking more dick into her cunt. I wasn't all the way in, maybe five inches inside her young pussy; it was so tight, I wasn't sure that 18 year old hole could take my entire shaft. But I kept trying, hammering away at the intense pressure inside her body, gripping my cockhead. "Uhhh! Uhhh! Uhhh!" She was grunting with each thrust into her, wiggling that ass hard, watching my cock fucking her. I glanced up, and surely Chastity was staring at the top of my penis, with the rest of it stuffed inside Lauren's pussy. "So tight!" I roared again, feeling my muscles tensing and body sweating as I fucked the young bitch, "you're so tight, Lauren, so hot -- to fucking hot -- you're such a hot little slut!" And a thought popped into my head, a funny one, so I said it. "A hot little slut -- just like Chastity!" 

 My daughter didn't protest; she moaned too. I even saw her lean back more, digging her hand inside her shorts more. As she watched her Daddy screw her friend, I discovered how flexible Lauren was. I had her knees hooked over my elbows, but soon, her feet were over my shoulders, and as I leaned into her, she was literally bent backwards. It made her moan and scream, but she let me do it, and now her cunt seemed even more exposed. I felt more going inside her, and I kept thrusting hard, really working, sweating, using my legs and ass- muscles, until I was sure I had literally all 7 inches of my dick inside the girl's cunt. My balls were bouncing off her firm, moist asscheeks and buttcrack as I kept hammering at her hole repeatedly. Leaning forward more, with her legs straight up over my shoulders and her feet besides my head, I even lifted her ass off the bedsheets and into the air as I kept fucking the bitch. 

 The blonde hadn't responded by my comment about her being a slut, so I got her to look at me as we fucked, and I said right to her face, "Are you a slut, baby -- you my slut tonight?" 

 "Yessss!" She sounded sure of it, arching her back, hissing as she stuck those big tits up at me. "Yes, I'm your slut! Fuck me! More!" 

 I couldn't help it. Out of nowhere I started shooting cum, squirting my babymaking sauce deep inside Lauren's twat. She screamed aloud as she felt me cumming in her, and I think she was orgasming herself. But halfway through my cum, I had a change of heart. Painfully I pulled out, grabbing my dick, squirting semen all over Lauren's sloppy, bald teen cuntlips. Then, after I'd expended myself, with my cock still hard, I rammed it back inside Lauren's pussy -- feeling the cum on her lips now smearing against my sweaty abdomen. Lauren started screaming again, biting her tongue, tears in the corners of her eyes with my adult penis completely shoved deep in her twat. Her body shook, an intense spasm ripping through her arms and legs, her eyes rolling. She was either still cumming, or having an instantaneous, second orgasm. 

 Panting hard, pulling out, I sat back on my ass next to the girl who was less than a third of my age. (55 divided by 18, do the math!) I felt sweat pouring down my underarms and sides, all over my hairy chest and down my back, and covering my forehead; but the athletic teen was no better, panting hard, sweat and juices and now cum dripping down her pussy and thighs. Both Lauren and I looked over at Chastity, who was still busy masturbating herself inside her baggy shorts, with her t-shirt still pulled over her chest. My daughter's brown eyes were half-closed, she had a serious look on her face as she rubbed her pussy incessantly, her eyes glancing between the sight of her father's glistening-wet, hard penis and her blonde friend's messy, bald pussylips. Lauren parted her thighs, giving Chastity a better look at her used cunt. 

 I'm such a pervert, and Chastity's obvious interest in the sex had me thinking. If she wasn't my daughter, it wouldn't have been a question of what I wanted her to do. The fact she was my daughter? I was so turned on, at that moment, I didn't care; if anything, Daddy was going to let his not-so-little girl how have lots of fun too. 

 Curling my finger at her, I whispered, "Cmere, you slut," smiling and winking at her. I'd never called her that, but I mean, the shoe fit perfectly. Chastity giggled and didn't move, until I did it again, telling her to stand up. She and Lauren looked at each other for a moment, but Chastity did as I told her, pulling her very wet hand out of her shorts and standing upright, rubbing the juices on her fingers against her ass through the fabric of her shorts. Her chest was so thin compared to Lauren's curvy boobs, with probably A cups inside her t-shirt. I sat on my butt right next to Lauren's body, near her hip, and pulled back the blonde's legs to completely expose the girl's cummy vagina. Reaching forward, I took my daughter's hand and led her onto the bed. 

 Chastity was nervous. "What?" she asked softly, although she probably knew. I pulled her until she'd crawled between Lauren's legs, and then I reached to Chastity's shoulder and nudged it downward, indicating she should bend over. "C'mon," I encouraged, not saying aloud what I had in mind. I was sure Chastity knew. 

 As my daughter bent over in half, falling to her knees and elbows above Lauren, I pushed down my daughter's brunette head and drove her mouth in the direction of Lauren's cunt. "C'mon," her perverted father finally explained, "why don't you have a turn -- show me what a little slut you really are!" 

 I was so fucking turned on, wanting to watch my daughter lick my cum off of Lauren's vagina. And I had no doubt she'd do it, given my beliefs she was already fucking girls at school -- and probably Lauren, too. 

 Virtually confirming my judgment, Lauren slid her hands under her bony knees and pried open her thighs more, lifting her face to watch, not hesitating. Oh, they'd done this before. Chastity was blushing, smiling at Lauren but glancing at me nervously. But her eyes fell down to my penis, seeing I was still hard and my shaft was dripping with juices, and I think it was making Chastity horny enough to do this in front of me. So I just told her what I wanted. "Go on, you fucking bitch -- lick Lauren's hot cunt -- taste how I fucked your friend!" 

 I'm such a pervert! This was turning me on so fucking much! 

 And Chastity stuck out her petite, teen tongue, reaching it forward, tracing it slowly over Lauren's cuntlips. The blonde grunted and twitched, as Chastity began licking more forcefully. Their eyes met, Lauren watching Chastity's face while my daughter began exploring the softness of Lauren's vaginal lips and slit with that probing tongue, occasionally sucking with her lips. Chastity was clearing off her daddy's sperm from Lauren's outer cuntlips, then sliding her tongue inside, she began licking inside Lauren's vagina, reaching her tongue deep, scooping out my cum and swallowing it before going back in for more. Chastity looked at me too, watching intently, as she licked her friend's vagina expertly. 

 "Ohhhhhh, SHIT!" screamed Lauren, her hands grabbing Chastity by her head to pull my daughter's mouth even harder against her twat. "Fuck, yes!" The blonde heaved, her body shaking, as she trembled to another orgasm, this from Chastity's tongue. Chastity slipped her mouth northward to start sucking Lauren's clitoris, and also lapping at it with just the tip of her tongue, driving Lauren nuts. Lauren laughed and moaned, keeping her legs spread, then having another orgasm. "That's it, you fucking slut," I congratulated my daughter, "lick that cunt, make her keep cumming!" 

 Like a proud, doting father, I put my hand on the back of Chastity's head, stroking her dark brown hair, and feeling the motions of her head as she ate Lauren's twat. Then my hand moved to her slim shoulders and thin back, caressing her though her t-shirt, not really to feel her body but more to give her my presence, let her feel me there, while she kept sucking the teenage pussy under her mouth. My eyes caught sight of Lauren's face, and she stared at me, and my hand on Chastity's back; Lauren even grabbed her own tits, they were so large for her smallish hands, playing with her boobs while she had her cunt eaten. But her eyes stayed on the sight of my hand on Chastity's back. 

 My eyes glanced down Chastity's bent-over body, at her ass stuck up in the air in her shorts. I could see the small shape of those buttocks, so firm and tight from her athletic endeavors. Her body was really petite, so fucking sexy. I thought about Jayson and Raymond fucking her, thinking they must have had such a good time fucking her. 

 My hand kept sliding down Chastity's back, towards her shorts. I wasn't really thinking, it wasn't like a plan, I didn't have a goal. It was just really a sexual moment -- Lauren nude, on her back, spread open, my daughter bent over licking her cunt, and I was naked, having fucked Lauren. The room stank of sex. Chastity was gasping as she licked Lauren's pussy, and Lauren was grunting. With all that sexual energy, I just didn't stop myself. I slipped my hand over my daughter's ass, fondling it through her shorts, while she continued eating out Lauren. Chastity didn't stop me, in fact, she shivered a little, her knees parted, her ass seemed to move up against my hand -- like she welcomed it. Her small, teen buttocks sure felt great to me, and I allowed myself to fondle the shape of her cheeks, sliding fingers up and down her buttcrack too. 

 So you knew where my hand was eventually headed. I put my other hand on the back of Chastity's head, pushing my daughter's mouth harder against Lauren's vagina, while my hand on her butt slid behind her. I stiffened fingers, and moments later, I was rubbing my daughter's pussy through her shorts. Man, her shorts were fucking soaking wet; and she didn't have panties on inside, I could tell, because the damp fabric of the shorts were plastered against her pussylips. My daughter was sopping drenched. As she felt my fingers against her cunt -- she had to feel daddy rubbing her there -- her thin hips began gyrating in the same motion, circling around as I played with her cunt, with her eating out Lauren. 

 Daddy was getting really horny for his daughter, let me tell you. The fact I was her father wasn't really entering my mind at that moment; she was horny, I was horny, Lauren was horny. She wasn't stopping me, which in a way was encouraging me. Yeah, see, it was all her fault. All hers. I adjusted my spot on the bed, sliding down a bit to sit beside and a little behind Chastity's hips. With both hands I reached out, sliding thumbs under the waistband of her shorts. I yanked them, as if to slide them down her hips; but they weren't elastic, she had her shorts buttoned. Only, right at that moment, Chastity reached underneath herself -- not taking her mouth off of Lauren's cunt -- and unfastened her shorts. See, it really was her fault, she was enabling me. She let her own father peel her shorts off of her hips and ass. 

 And there it was -- I was looking at my daughter's naked butt, with her shaved cunt underneath it! Chastity was as hot as I could imagine, her little teen booty was tight and soft and creamy, her pink lips were fleshy, wet, tight. With her shorts down at her knees, I put my one hand back on her ass, feeling the naked skin, so silky-smooth yet also sweaty, damp. My fingers slowly headed for her crotch, waiting to see if she'd stop me. She didn't. 

 Moments later, Daddy's fingers were tracing the shape of his daughter's naked pussylips. 

 Lauren grunted, cumming in Chastity's mouth, seeing me touching my daughter. I just lightly traced her pussylips up and down, all around, and rolled my fingertips around her clitoris. She was sopping wet, extremely horny. When my fingers touched her slit, she bucked, pushing her ass back, wanting me to finger-fuck her. So I did -- I stiffened two fingers together, and shoved them inside my own daughter's pussy. Chastity loudly squealed in delight, continuing to suck Lauren's clitoris at that moment, drawing Lauren near another orgasm. It was a threesome, Chastity fucking Lauren with tongue, and me fucking my daughter with fingers. 

 And soon, not just with fingers. I crawled behind Chastity, gazing at her perfect ass -- thin and petite -- and then her gorgeous, sexy pussylips under it. She wasn't my daughter now, she was a hot slut, horny for fucking. I pulled my hand out and tasted my daughter's juices from my fingers and palm; damn, she was skanky and creamy, just another perfect cunt that needs eating and fucking. So even though I was her own father, I did what I wanted. I fell to my hands and knees, bent over, shoving my face against Chastity's cunt from the rear. Sticking my tongue out, I began licking my daughter's pussy while she was licking Lauren. 

 I heard Lauren scream to an orgasm, and when my tongue hit Chastity's clitoris, my daughter came in my face too -- squirting a light stream of juices against me. Fuck, the bitch was so horny! I really felt good, making my daughter feel good. This was so fucking improper, so totally wrong -- it had me so hard. 

 My brain actually put out the question, while I was busy lapping at my daughter's vagina: Am I going to fuck her too? 

 Seriously, it must have been on everyone's minds. A second later, I heard Lauren gasp, "Oh yeah, do it!" I knew what she meant. And I'm sure Chastity was wondering about it too, only her mouth was too busy to say anything. 

 Daddy's cock was fully erect, throbbing painfully; I could feel precum dripping out of my helmet. I was going to do this, I so wanted it. I sat up then immediately crawled behind my daughter's bent-over body. I put my hands on her hips, then pushed my dick towards her vagina. Chastity now looked back at me over her shoulder, seeing her nude dad behind herself, but she didn't say a word. Our eyes met -- then she turned her head and resumed licking Lauren's pussy. 

 That was my go-head. She enabled me. She wanted it. 

 I was going to fuck my daughter! 

 I slammed forward, ramming my meat into my own daughter's pussy. Fuck, it was even more tight than Lauren's! Staring at her petite ass, and my rigid shaft below it, I held her firmly in my strong hands and pushed forward with vigor. The resistance from her tight cunt was substantial, but as I hammered against it, full of lust, I drove bit by bit inside her, loosening her lips and that slot, working more and more of daddy's penis inside his daughter's vagina. She began wailing now, even with her mouth against Lauren's twat, feeling me fucking her. I really couldn't believe I was fucking Chastity, but she was so sexy and tight, this was definitely the hottest fuck I'd ever had! 

 Working slowly and deliberately, I rammed more and more of my shaft into my daughter's pussy, keeping it inside as I did, not really pumping in and out. She was furiously shaking her hips in rapid circles, right against me, that ass shaking under my eyes. Lauren grunted and cried out, she was having another cum, and then Chastity began cumming again too; I felt trickles of juices spilling out, dripping in a stream down my balls and inner thighs. It lubricated her, I could work more of my 7-inch shaft into her, drilling my daughter's hot little teenage body until most of her father's prick was rutting her slutty cunt deeply and powerfully. 

 I made contact with Lauren's blue eyes, as the blonde's lips trembled from the multiple orgasms Chastity was giving her. Snickering at the teen, I spat in her direction, "You're a little slut, too -- you gonna lick Chastity's cunt for me tonight?" The tanned blonde half-nodded, acknowledging the request, before she moaned in delight, "Uhhh -- yeah!" 

 Not that I had a present intention of pulling out of Chastity's pussy; it was fucking perfect, so tight, gripping my long shaft as I had it buried all the way inside her. She was so petite, bent over in front of me, her small ass slammed against my flat abdomen. But I wanted to fuck her deeper, so I pulled out and had her roll on her back -- essentially ending her cunt-licking for the moment. Lauren, sore from the orgasms, didn't seem to mind, she rolled out of the way and rubbed her pussy, while she wanted me spread Chastity's thin, tanned legs and crawl on top of her body. Chastity looked up at my face, almost emotionless; then I saw her eyes fall to the sight of my fit, older body, and my hard cock aiming for her slit. She pulled her knees back for me, inviting me in, and when I was on top of her, I didn't wait. I sunk my dick back inside my daughter, as hard as I could, feeling again how tight it wrapped around my engorged cock. We both screamed in delight, her slender hands reaching up to her daddy's strong shoulders, holding herself underneath me, feeling me being fucking her. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Daddy's Such A Fucking Pervert ****** byNonStopFunGuy© Laughter is what came out of me; it was amazing, fucking my princess. I'd raised her when she was little, until she was a pre-teenager; now, she was with me as an 18 year old, but not a daughter so much as a slut who wanted my dick. This was fucking awesome! Yeah, what a pervert I am -- and I proudly admit I loved fucking my daughter! 

 So did Lauren. I looked at the naked blonde, she and I smiling in unison, and I put the question to her. "You like seeing me fucking my own daughter?" 

 "Yeah!" She cackled, her thick, broad lips smiling side. "It's so fuckin' hot!" 

 Then I turned my attention down to my lover again, staring into Chastity's big, brown eyes. "And you -- like having Daddy's cock in your tight cunt, you little slut?" She moaned and nodded, her hands tightening around my neck. "You wanna be my daughter from now on," I asked, thrusting harder, ramming as much as I could inside her teenage pussy, "or wanna be my slut?" Her eyes rolled as she felt how deep I was inside her body, and she yelped, "Slut!" Then she started cumming again, violently quaking throughout her limps, her head back and mouth opened, gasping for air, spasming around the fat daddycock stuffed deep in her pussy. 

 My head fell down a bit, towards her face; she looked up at me, almost half- puckering, her mouth moving a half-inch towards me. Like we'd start kissing, only, we both hesitated. I was fucking Chastity, but do I make out with my down daughter? What made it happen was Lauren, at our side, she saw the aborted motions and she quickly chided, "Go ahead -- kiss, already, you're fuckin' him!" And no sooner did she say that, than Chastity's hands around my strong neck pulled my torso downwards, and she lifted her head off the mattress to meet me, and our mouths smashed together. While I plowed my meat into Chastity's tight, wet cunt, our tongues slid around each other and our lips sealed, daddy and daughter having a most improper kiss. She kissed well, too, like her friend; we moaned and made out, Chastity squirming around under me as I fucked her. 

 Kissing my daughter was fucking hot, but with me laying flat on top of her, it impeded my ability to fuck her properly. I broke the kiss after a while, leaning upright above her, staring down at her flat body, her top half still clad in the loose t-shirt. But Lauren fixed that too, reaching down to pull it off of her, and a moment later I was gazing at my daughter's entirely nude body, including her very sexy, proportionate little titties on her thin chest. Each boob was a handful in size, with short but rock-hard, light-pink nipples; really fucking hot. Lauren grabbed one, then she leaned over and began sucking my daughter's breast while I remained upright between her thighs, keeping my dick shoved in her vagina. 

 I started to pump hard, sliding my shaft back and forth in that well- lubricated, still-tight cunt, letting her feel how long her daddy's dick was. Chastity started breathing hard, her eyes fluttering and jaw opened, and she began orgasming again. 

 When her cum came down, Lauren jumped into action to make it a true threesome. Lauren straddled Chastity's head and sat her naked pussy on my daughter's face while I was ramming my dick into Chastity's cunt, and now Chastity was licking pussy again while daddy was fucking her. But this way, Lauren was sitting upright in front of me, and soon we were kissing hard. The blonde swimmer arched her back, and my lips slid down from her puffy lips, down her slim neck, to her boobs; she wanted them sucked again. So while Chastity was pumping tongue up Lauren's vagina, I had my tongue on the bitch's breasts, back and forth, and the stimulation was driving Lauren over the edge. She began grunting hard, "uhh uhhh uhhh" like she does, and soon was having another exhilarating orgasm, erupting around my daughter's tongue. 

 Meanwhile, Chastity's cunt was so fucking wet now, my long dick easily was sliding in and out all the way -- I could literally bury all seven inches deep inside her, until my balls were up against her asscheeks; then I'd pull almost all the way out, and slam back in. I was loving the sex with my hot, youngest daughter, screwing her 18 year old body like she was a fuck toy, some whore I picked up for my amusement, because I wanted her to feel really fucked -- not loved, you know, but fucked. She was panting and whining beneath Lauren's crotch, gasping, feeling her body pressed into the bed by the two of us sitting on top of her and slamming into her. 

 That's when I started cumming, my second orgasm of the night; spewing my stream of babymaking sauce into my daughter's unprotected pussy. I didn't care, it felt amazing. I pumped and pumped, giving Chastity every drop of her daddy's seed, flooding her tight teen cunt with my sperm. "Ahhhh - FUUUUCK!" Seriously, it was a fucking, long orgasm, my dick didn't seem to want to stop cumming, and I was literally laughing in delight by the time I'd finished unloading inside Chastity. 

 I pulled out, flopping into my back to catch my breath and let my weary legs and ass muscles rest. My daughter's pussy dripped with my semen, it was fucking gorgeous and erotic. Lauren saw it too, moaning. I didn't need to encourage her, but I did anyway, grabbing her head and thrusting her face onto Chastity's cunt. The two girls were now licking each other's cunts in the "69" position, with Lauren tasting my jism inside my daughter's twat. The two of them were no virgins to lesbian sex, it was obvious; they expertly rammed tongues into the other girl's pussies, and licked and sucked clitties too, writhing together in a tangled flesh sandwich of feminine teen lust. 

 "This," I accurately predicted, "is going to be one hot, fucking evening." 

 And morning, I should have added. Report_Story 