#1 

 

 ****** Film Find ****** bygeronimo_appleby© I'd dropped my parents off at the airport a couple of days earlier and was just doing a little house sitting for them whilst they were away. It was the damned cat that led me to make my little discovery otherwise I would never have been in my parents' bedroom in the first place. 

 I had fed the animal and I was trying to get the thing out of the house so I could lock up for the night when it disappeared from the kitchen. It knew I was going to eject it outside and was obviously in no mood to comply with my wishes, doing a vanishing act that cats seem to be the masters of. 

 I'd searched high and low for the creature; I'd looked in every room in the house, some of them twice, with the exception of my parents' room. I pushed the door open and went in, calling out for the cat as I did so. I was looking deep in the wardrobe when I noticed a box of old super 8 film rolls. 

 I remembered the camera my dad used to own and with which he would record films of the family on special occasions and holidays, all before the days of video cameras and digital technology. I did some quick calculations and was surprised to figure that those films would have to be something like thirty years old, perhaps as old as thirty five years since he'd had that camera in 1970. 

 I was gripped by a feeling of nostalgia and I pulled the box out of its place in the dark wardrobe, all thoughts of the cat forgotten. It would be great to sit and watch a couple of the old home movies so I dropped the box in the living room and went back to get the projector. 

 Although I hadn't seen the machine since I was about fifteen years old it wasn't too difficult to figure out how it operated and I soon had the first film settled on the spool and fed through the slot at the rear of the projector. 

 I flicked the power switch and 'hey presto!' the image flickered on the living room wall as the first few feet of dead tape wound through the machine's workings. 

 When the footage began to display real images I recognised the setting straight away. It was the old flat my parents' had owned in the late sixties and early seventies, we'd moved out in 1974 when I was ten years old when dad had been promoted and we were able to afford a bigger place. 

 The scene showed the living room at the time, with the old style settee and chairs and then the camera moved to focus on the front door. 

 The door opened and in walked a young woman that I recognised straight away, my mother's friend, Sylvia. Sylvia was one of those friends that mothers seem to have that are almost family, the ones that are called 'Aunty' by the kids, even though they're no relation whatsoever. I'd stopped calling Sylvia 'Aunty', years ago but she was still a regular face at social gatherings, weddings, christenings etc. 

 Sylvia walked into the room a little self-consciously, she smiled at the camera and waved, just a little waggle of her fingers. She spoke to the invisible camera man and then laughed at whatever was said in reply. I was a little disappointed that there was no sound, only pictures, but that was the technology in those days. 

 I'd known that Sylvia had been a bit of a glamour girl back in the seventies but she looked absolutely gorgeous all the same as her image projected onto the wall. She had long, straight hair and she was made up according to the fashion of the times. Likewise her clothes were stereotypically seventies also, white boots up to her knees, a shockingly short mini skirt that showed her legs off as she no doubt intended with a tight red sleeveless sweater that clung to her body. 

 'Wow,' I thought to myself. 'What a fucking babe you were Sylvia,' I muttered to myself out loud. Sylvia was over sixty years old now, still a fine woman but to see her in her twenties brought the realisation of just how tasty she had been. 

 On the wall Sylvia was doing a little twirl for the camera, I guessed she was being directed from the other side of the lens as she appeared a little awkward and her face had a questioning look. Sylvia turned and showed her tight buttocks, barely covered by the skirt she was wearing. 

 I imagined that she was showing off a new outfit, or was ready to go out and was just posing for the camera. If she was intending to go out in that skirt, down to the pub or a club, I bet she'd have been royally fucked by some lucky bastard later on that night. I wished I'd had a time machine; I'd have been onto Sylvia in an instant if I'd been old enough in those days. 

 Sylvia strutted around the room in her high boots, the camera following her every move. She was laughing and waving her long hair as she moved, pouting at the lens and wiggling her delightful rump playfully. 

 Then Sylvia did something that made me sit bolt upright in my chair. 

 She'd been cavorting around the room for a minute or so and then she sat down in one of the armchairs. She listened attentively to the unseen cameraman for a moment and then nodded and smiled wickedly. Sylvia sat back in the chair and pulled the hem of her tiny skirt even higher up her long thighs than it already was, she revealed the gusset of her knickers by slightly parting her legs, looking directly at the camera and biting her bottom lip seductively. 

 I was immobile, frozen in my seat as the scene unfolded before me. Sylvia spread her legs wider, hooking her knees over the arms of the chair and pulled her knickers to one side. 

 I couldn't believe my eyes, my mother's best friend, the woman who was now in her sixties, was showing off her pink pussy in my parents' old flat. Then it dawned on me to ask who was behind the camera? Was it my dad? If it was, did my mother know? 

 My mind whirled with the shock of seeing Aunt Sylvia as I'd called her as a child, acting the slut and with all of these unanswered questions coming thick and fast into my head. 

 Sylvia stood up and pulled her panties off completely before she rucked the mini skirt up around her waist. Next she peeled the figure hugging sweater off and I saw her globes bounce into view. Sylvia was a slim girl and her breasts were nicely rounded and proportioned, she'd been sunbathing, her skin tanned except for the bits that had been covered by her bikini. 

 I was becoming aroused by the sight of Sylvia as she exposed her lithe body and my cock grew rapidly as I gazed at her. 

 Sylvia sat back in the chair again and took up the same position as before with her legs hooked over the arms. She parted her labia with her fingers and flicked at her clitoris, the camera zooming in close. When the image zoomed back out I could see Sylvia's pretty face was contorted with the pleasure she was giving herself and that her eyes were closed as she concentrated her efforts onto the hard flesh of her clit. 

 Sylvia played with herself for a minute, rubbing at herself and dipping the tip of her index finger into the opening of her sex. I saw her pussy juicing as she played and I ached to be able to suck her tight, puckered nipples. As my excitement grew I pulled my cock out and stroked myself, not taking my eye from the film for a moment. 

 I yanked at my cock as I imagined what it would have been like to fuck the young Sylvia back in the seventies. I'd had no inkling whatsoever that she was capable of performing such lewd acts in front of the camera, I knew she'd been cute but this was beyond belief. 

 I saw Sylvia open her eyes and look at someone who was off to her left, out of the camera's view. She laughed and spoke to the mystery man and suddenly there was a blur of movement from the side as a naked man stepped into the frame. 

 I recognised my father instantly which caused a second jolt of shock in a few minutes, first Sylvia stripping and masturbating and now my own dad about to join in. This left the question of who was operating the camera? 

 It was too much. 

 I knew that I should turn the projector off at that moment, this was too weird and in any case it was really none of my business. What if it turned out to be my mother who was the mystery camera operator? What then? 

 I could pack all the stuff away and try to put the scene I'd witnessed out of my mind. 

 However I was incapable of such an act, I was mesmerised by what I was seeing. I was disturbed by what was unfolding before me but strangely drawn to watch the film until its conclusion. 

 My father kissed Sylvia on the lips as he bent over her and Sylvia reached to take hold of his penis, wanking it slowly as it grew hard in her hand. 

 He then knelt in front of her and began to lick at her quim, the camera moving around to get a better angle. After a few moments of licking at Sylvia's opening my father licked at her clit with the tip of his tongue and pushed a finger deep into the woman's body. 

 Sylvia's mouth opened and her back arched as she pushed herself hard onto dad's face. The camera moved to get a close up of Sylvia's features as she took pleasure from my father's tongue and fingers. 

 My father kept up his work on Sylvia's pussy and clit and I saw her white booted feet lift sharply as her thighs quivered at what looked to be the start of her climax. Sylvia squeezed her breasts hard together and then grabbed dad's head in her hands as her mouth opened and she threw her head back. Her chest heaved and her breasts quivered as Sylvia obviously came on my father's face and when she had climaxed Sylvia lifted his face up so she could kiss him deeply. 

 My father broke the kiss and stood, his thick prick inches from Sylvia's mouth. The woman held dad's cock and sucked at him, taking almost the entire length into her mouth. My father must have been halfway down Sylvia's throat with his length but Sylvia just sucked and sucked on it. 

 Once again Sylvia responded to some form of instruction from off camera as she pushed dad away from her face and nodded, looking into the lens. 

 She stood and turned to face the back of the chair. Kneeling, she stuck her buttocks out at dad and he used one hand to hold her labia open whilst he steered his hard cock into Sylvia's body with the other. 

 Dad fucked the pretty woman from behind, slapping hard against her wobbling buttocks. The sight of Sylvia being screwed was too much to bear and I took my still hard prick in hand and wanked it again. 

 I know it was filthy and perverted to watch the film where my father pumped his big cock into his wife's best friend but I couldn't help myself, such was the draw of the things I was seeing. 

 Finally my dad gripped Sylvia's hips and pushed deep inside her. I could tell he was shooting his spunk into her as the camera closed in again on each of their faces in turn before zooming out to reveal my father's arse cheeks clenching as he poured his goo into the Sylvia's cunt. 

 My father pulled his sticky cock out of Sylvia and smiled proudly as he showed it off for the camera. Sylvia settled in the chair again and spread her thighs and flaps so the camera could record the sight of her pussy leaking dad's spunk. 

 Then Sylvia stood and moved to a position behind the camera and the image shook as there was a change of operators. 

 I suppose it was inevitable but Sylvia had taken over control of the filming now and my own mother appeared in frame. 

 Of course my mother was also naked and she walked to my dad and kissed him. They had a brief exchange of words with dad smiling and nodding his head before my mother squatted in front of him and took his glistening, still semi hard cock into her mouth. The fact that dad's prick was covered with another woman's juices didn't seem to bother my mother a bit. 

 Sylvia was pretty good at handling the camera and I watched as she zoomed in close on the action, catching my mum with her lips wrapped around dad's cock. 

 When she had dad good and stiff my mother sat in the chair in the same manner that Sylvia had occupied it earlier, with her thighs spread and cunt pouting. 

 I looked at my mother as she was, thirty years younger than now. She must have been about twenty six in that film, not as hot as her friend was though but still attractive. Her waist was narrow and her tits were full and quite large. I saw that her pubic bush was dark and completely unshaven and the contrast of her dark fur with her pink pussy was startling. 

 I gave in to the feeling of overpowering lust and pulled my cock frantically as I watched the forbidden scene of my father sticking his now hard cock into my own mother's welcoming cunt. 

 He slammed his prick in and out of my mother, pausing only to change positions a couple of times before he continued to pound at her body. 

 Finally my dad pulled his cock out of mum and he dragged her round to where he could point his prick at her face. As dad wanked at his prick my mother was laughing with pleasure and mouthing words at him. She squeezed her lovely big jugs together and dad began to spray her globes with his second helping of spunk. 

 As my father jetted his cum over his wife's tits and face, my own cock spurted a thick jet of semen high into the air. It landed on my belly and was followed immediately by several more spurts of hot, thick spunk. 

 Whilst I was coming I watched my mother as she grinned up at dad, his thick goo dripping from her face as she sucked the last drops from his wilting prick. 

 When I'd recovered from my climax I cleaned myself up and stopped the projector. I then realised that the box I'd found contained a couple of dozen reels of film. 

 I wonder if they are all home made porn? Report_Story 