#1 

 

 ****** Fucked a Slut, Watched Two Others ****** byNonStopFunGuy© Even with my college-age girlfriend on her way up to my hotel room to help me cheat on my wife, I logged into the chat rooms to see if I could find any women interested in some sex talk. I'd been hard for hours, looking forward to boning Lucy even more that day after having fucked her the previous night and that morning. But since she'd left my hotel room the wait for her to return was killing me, and sitting alone wearing just shorts and underwear with my boner raging furiously, I couldn't stop myself from opening the Literotica chat window and sending some whispers (non-public messages) to female chatters. 

 As I sat at the desk in the hotel room trying to catch the attention of someone in the chat room, I was saying to myself, why the fuck am I wasting energy doing this when a slutty 19-year-old girl was going to be in my room in 20 minutes (or less), wanting to fuck my married dick all night? 

 Sometimes, life just gets way better than you'd have imagined it. Best sex decision ever, opening that Lit chat window. 

 * * * * 

 I was going to these fucking sales conventions more and more often. Not because my company was getting a lot of business from them; well, perhaps just enough to cover the costs of attending these fucking things. But since I was the sales manager, it was my call and my budget, and who can pass up company-paid trips to Vegas, Miami, New York, San Francisco, and other equally enticing locales. 

 But the real reason I was going on these trips? Because our marketing department intern was coming with me on the trips, and Lucy was one delicious fuck. 

 She was still just a teenager, attending a local community college and needing to do an internship for her associate's degree. The moment our HR manager brought her to my office to interview her, I wanted to fuck her. Lucy was a short, gorgeous Asian -- probably Chinese descent -- with long, jet-black hair, big brown, slanted eyes, and a super-skinny body. Her tits were proportionate, no more than A-cups, but they still made sexy round hills on her tiny torso. Her ass was divine -- palm-sized buttcheeks, round and sleek in her jeans or dresses. Creamy smooth thighs and calves, with hot little feet and painted toenails. I just loved the look of her body, and coupled with her pretty face and thin lips that were always smiling, she made my dick hard instantly. 

 Of course, lots of women make my dick hard. I've been married way too long and never get enough sex at home from my usually-tired wife. But just being hard for a hot girl doesn't mean I'd be fucking her, and I assumed, Lucy would be just eye candy for my office, someone who might give me reason to jerk off in the bathroom now and then as I imagined her naked, spread open underneath me. 

 When I agreed to hire Lucy (at minimum wage, who can beat that), I had no fucking clue she was a slut -- for married men. Turns out, she'd been banging a couple of married guys who were friends of her stepfather, AND she even intimated she was intimate with her stepdaddy too. I mean, you can't blame any of those guys -- she looked fabulous in tight clothing, so she must have looked even better naked. But I was her boss and didn't want to get sued, so I didn't put a move on her myself, at least not right away. 

 I took her to a Miami sales convention about eight months ago, in the cold of winter, and saw her in a bikini on the pool deck of the JW hotel. And right then, I knew I had to fuck her too. She was flirting, too, going from the smiling, giggly but shy girl to the hot little slut, standing in front of me and arching her back, showing mostly skin as she saw me ogling her body. It put a huge bulge in my slacks, and the girl's eyes fixated on the tent, then she looked at me and licked her lips. Yeah, she wanted some of my big married cock, that was pretty obvious. 

 From that moment forward, even though we were in Miami for three days, we hardly got any sun -- either we were at the convention, or we were in my hotel room, naked and fucking. Little bitch loved it rough, getting her hair yanked or throat stuffed with penis. Liked her butt licked, and her face coated with jism. I'm serious, I couldn't have mail-ordered a more perfect mistress than Lucy -- not only did she look fabulous and tiny, but she was as kinky and horny as you would want a girl that age to be. 

 After Miami came a few more conventions, and in each city, Lucy would be there with me, helping run our sale booth or set up our equipment for the show; then at night spread-open or bend over on my bed, nude, begging for my married shaft to bone her tight teenage pussy. We fucked around the office too, usually at lunchtime or after work, but the conventions were the best sex. We'd fuck all night, without interruption, and I didn't have to worry about getting home to my wife or making up some excuse where I'd been. 

 I'm sure lots of people would be mad at me -- married man, sticking his business in a 19 year old's twat, so wrong and improper. Whatever. It put me in a good mood, and my wife benefited from it when I was around the house. And Lucy kept me feeling young and virile. 

 So whenever I had to go to another convention, Lucy was going to come with me, and we were going to sell our company's wares during the day, then fuck each other relentlessly at night. 

 * * * * 

 The Atlanta convention was our fifth trip. It was Sunday afternoon, when my crew was down in the Marriott's massive conference room setting up our equipment at a booth. They didn't need me at all, so I just stayed up in my hotel room. I'd been in the room since the previous day, having come into town a day early to save air fare. It also gave me an extra couple nights with Lucy. 

 So I'd been fucking Lucy the night before and that morning, then she had to go down help the crew set up. Things were going well, she was texting me that she'd be done around 4 or so, and would come up to my room for more sex -- or, as she put it in a text, "for more stuff." Yeah, "stuff" -- as in, stuffing aching married cock into shaved, tight teenage cunt. 

 But the hours of the morning and afternoon went slowly, and I tried to pass time watching ballgames and even (can you believe this?) doing some actual work. Still, my mind was on Lucy's tight body and the hot sex from the past day, and I couldn't wait for her to get back for some more "stuff." So I remained hard inside my shorts, in one of those perpetually-horny moods. 

 I didn't want to have an excuse to masturbate, I wanted to save my sexual energy for Lucy. But the boredom and sexual anxiety built up, and by 3:30 that afternoon, I just couldn't stand it. I was at my computer at the hotel room desk, working away, then I pulled up the web browser and went into Literotica, one of my favorite websites for getting aroused. I usually read stories to get hard, not specifically to masturbate. But the chatrooms beckoned. It was more difficult to find a good sex chat in the chat rooms, but when I could, it was way more fun chatting about sex, or having cybersex, with a female interactively was much more arousing than just reading someone's amateur sex story. 

 But recently, I'd gotten into something else -- webcam sex. Lucy would sometimes strip and masturbate for me in her apartment while I was at home, pretending to do work, but a couple of times late at night when my wife was deep asleep I had webcam sex with women I met in the Literotica chatrooms. Only four different women, other than Lucy, to date. Two were divorced, one was married and cheating (like me), and one was in her early 20's. None of them were what you'd call models, but seeing them strip and masturbate while we talked about fucking always gave me the hardest orgasms. 

 Sitting in that Atlanta Marriott hotel room, I saw a familiar name in the chatroom. Her screen name was "amagirl," which I knew was based on her real name, Amanda. And like Lucy, she was just a teenager -- 18 years old, still in high school. I found that incredibly arousing, that she was still living with her parents and only a senior in high school, and she enjoyed talking about sex with adult married men like me. 

 Amanda was just fucking hot. After a couple of cyber-sex sessions, she emailed me photos of herself at her computer in her bra, blowing me a kiss or holding up two fingers (as I'd asked her to do - proving they were real pictures). Long blonde hair, thin face, small chin. She definitely got my dick upright. I'd asked her previously if she would do webcam sex with me, and she said she liked the idea, but would need to be home alone to do it. And, at that time, she wasn't. 

 So seeing the young horny girl in the chatroom, instinctively I sent a message "hi" to her, and asked if she was busy with someone else. No, she wasn't, and she invited me into a private room to chat, right away. 

 Unlike other times, our chat got into sex almost right away. She asked where I was, and I said, I was in a hotel room, alone for the time. Amanda asked if I was horny and hard, and of course I replied I was. Then she asked if I had a webcam, like I'd mentioned previously, and would I want to show her my hard dick? 

 Damn! Talk about bad timing, right? Amanda wanted to see me strip, but Lucy was going to be in my room soon! I looked at the clock, and figured I'd only have fifteen minutes, or so, of privacy with Amanda -- and I didn't want to use up on orgasm on the webcam, with Lucy's tight Asian pussy soon to be naked on my hotel bed. 

 So, I was about to tell Amanda it wasn't a good time for me to do that -- but then, I had a horny idea, and I just said it like it was. 

 "Well my hot Asian girlfriend is about to come up to fuck me, she's 19," I wrote to the eighteen year old blonde, "do you wanna see me fuck her on the cam?" I was of course a little worried that she would be put off, you know, knowing she wouldn't be the center of my attention. And maybe she didn't want to see another girl naked. 

 There was a long pause, giving me more concern about my fears, before the blonde's words appeared in the private chat room and put me at ease. 

 "That would be HOT!!!!" she said. 

 We chatted a few more minutes, before moving over to Yahoo so I could set up the webcam. Amanda told me, her parents were gone for the afternoon, and they wouldn't be home until about 4 her time, three hours later. She was on the West coast, in central California -- sort of in the middle of nowhere, though. 

 I asked if she had a webcam too, so I could see her. Amanda hesitated at that, but agreed "fair is fair." I pointed out, she'd sent me those pictures of herself in a bra, so if she just wanted to strip to her bra and panties, I wouldn't argue. Still, she wasn't saying yes. 

 Until finally she spilled the beans, revealing her full situation. "Actually I'm not alone," she wrote, "my friend Blaire is over." Now THAT was an intriguing development, so naturally I pressed to hear more about Blaire. This was a girl Amanda had known, she told me, throughout high school, they were "buds for life." They were "hanging out" at her house, and thought it might be fun to get a guy to show them his dick. Was I still interested? 

 "Yeah, I'm still interested," I wrote, all sorts of pervy ideas in my head. How far would these two female friends go? "I'll let you both watch me fuck my girlfriend, if at least you both get on your webcam so I can see your faces as you watch us fuck." 

 Amanda's response was faster this time. "That's all we have to do, right?" 

 I laughed to myself. I could just picture two teen girlfriends, both horny to watch me naked and see me fucking Lucy, but too embarrassed to take off clothing themselves in front of each other. So I struck a political compromise. "Well if it were up to me I'd want you both to get naked, but I won't make you promise to do it." 

 The response over the computer was acceptable to me: "Mmmmmmaybe." 

 Shit, I could only imagine what conversation those two were having. But I'd have to wait, to find out how far they'd be willing to go. 

 * * * * 

 Ten minutes later, Lucy was in my hotel room. As soon as she walked in, I just told her outright -- "I'm going to fuck you and let two high school girls watch us over the webcam." It wasn't really a request, more of a boss's statement to his employee. But my horny employee didn't mind hearing it at all -- she excitedly exclaimed, "Really?" Putting her arms around me, she gave me a fat, tongue-filled kiss, while I began peeling off her blouse and jeans quickly. 

 When I had her stripped down to her black lacy bra and silky black thong, I had Lucy sitting on my lap, as I sat on the chair in front of the desk, both of us facing the laptop. I turned on the webcam and invited Amanda to see us. A few seconds later, a window appeared with the view from Amanda's webcam. I saw the smiling blonde girl's face, very pretty, looking a bit edgy. Then, moving into the frame, a smiling, gorgeous brunette with thick lips, round nose and dark eyes appeared. Blaire had long dark hair, but with more body and texture than Lucy's straight-black hair. Both teen girls on the webcam looked like they were wearing t-shirts. 

 The girls were so young and attractive, with twirls of their hair cascading down the sides of their face; Amanda had a ponytail, while Blaire's long dark hair flowed as she moved her head. Blaire had bigger eyes and thicker lips, but a bit more round of a face, while Amanda had high cheekbones, thin cheeks and a pointy jaw. I had Lucy sit upright for them, showing her thin torso in her bra, then I even had Lucy stand up a moment and turn to show off her butt in her thong. I type, do you two girls think Lucy is hot? And Amanda quietly wrote, "definitely." Then I ask the loaded question of whether either of them has ever fucked another girl before. Lucy and I saw them look at each other and cackle, and Amanda replied, "mmm not really no." I mutter to Lucy, "not YET at least," and my horny girlfriend snickered. 

 Now, Lucy wasn't into girls -- yet, at least. I'd asked if she'd fucked another girl before, and she said she had not in a one-on-one situation, but had done a threesome with a guy and another girl. She very much enjoyed the experience and wasn't ruling out sex with a hot female sometime, but just hadn't yet had the opportunity. So, seeing the two pretty 18 year olds on the webcam was proving to be a turn-on for Lucy, perhaps just as much as it was for me. 

 With Lucy's back to the webcam and her thin, short body standing in front of me, I had one hand pawing at her soft, palm-sized buttcheeks exposed by her thong, while my other hand reached to the keyboard to type, "girls let me see you both cup your boobs through your shirts." The girls look at each other but didn't mind that simple request. Amanda adjusted her webcam so it was showing both their faces and their busts, and each teenager put her hands over her own round boobs, and began fondling their soft orbs thru their t-shirts and bras. Blaire looked to have the larger breasts, possibly even C or D cups, but Amanda's breasts looked larger than Lucy's small titties too. Lucy looked back over her shoulder, seeing the two girls playing with their own breasts while they were staring at the sight of my hands on Lucy's ass. 

 I typed, "will you two girls take off your t-shirts and shorts and show us your bra and panties, if I take my shorts off first?" Amanda reached to her computer and typed "sure," so I had Lucy kneel next to me and remove my shorts. My clean, white underwear appeared, wrapped tight on my crotch, my married, seven- inch boner making an obvious, stiff shaft and big bulging, cum-filled balls beneath. The two teenagers stared at their computer screen, their young eyes going wide as they admired the shape of my adult manhood, watching it intently. As promised, Amanda quickly peeled off her t-shirt, revealing her white bra covering her B-cup teen titties. Blaire hesitated, but then following the lead of her friend removed her t-shirt too. Her bra was black and lacy, showing some cleavage of her meaty boobs. "Mmm hot tits," I moaned to Lucy, as I stared at the twin sets of teen breasts on my laptop. Lucy giggle back, "You perv, you like those teen boobs hmm?" And she half-twisted to rub her own teenage titties, clad in her bra, against the side of my face. 

 Then the two girls stood up, pushing their shorts off, so they were in just bras and panties. Amanda had pink cotton panties, while Blaire was in a black thong matching her black bra. But quickly they both sat back down in front of the computer, sharing a chair, so Lucy and I could just see their grinning faces and bras. I put Lucy on my lap again, facing the webcam once more, with her ass is directly over the bulge of my crotch. My girlfriend immediately start wiggling on it, feeling how hard I was, snickering at my obvious attraction to the two females on the webcam. As she wiggled around, the girls watched her grinding on me, both fascinated to see us in our undergarments. 

 I turned Lucy's face to mine, so as she sat facing the webcam, she looked back at me. We started making out, lips on lips, tongues out, licking each other's lips and moaning. Out of the corner of my eye I watched the monitor, seeing the two teenagers mesmerized as they watched the married guy kissing the Asian teenager. I put my hand on Lucy's chest, fondling her smallish boobs through her sexy bra, kneading them for the webcam. 

 Seeing the horny gazes of the teenage girls at their computer, I figured it was time to start pushing boundaries. I thought, the worst that could happen was, Amanda and Blaire could turn off their webcam -- in which case, I'd be left to fuck Lucy. That wasn't such a bad thing. 

 So I broke the kiss and typed to Amanda and her friend, "will you girls show us your boobs, if Lucy strips her bra off first?" Amanda and Blaire look at each other, and Amanda then types, "Um ok just quickly tho." 

 Sweet, I thought to myself; more teen tits! 

 The promise of even a fleeting glimpse of their boobs was enough for me, so I unfastened Lucy's bra from behind, then I pulled it off of her, showing her A- cup breasts to the two teenagers over the webcam. Her nipples were short but hard, and her areolas were quarter-sized, dark brown circles. Lucy blushed but seemed to enjoy showing herself off; she arched her back, smiling at the girls through the computer, and she even cupped and groped her breasts. While Lucy was playing with her small, soft tits and stiff nipples, I typed, "ok girls just give us a flash!" And Amanda, giggling and grinning, arched her back and grabbed her bra. Snapping her hands up, she pulled the bra upwards to show off her pale, soft B-cup breasts, with light pink nipples, so creamy on her thin body. But then she pulled the bra down to cover them again. Blaire took her turn, very quickly pulling her black bra up to reveal sexy C-cup hooters with dark brown nipples; but just as quickly she covers them up too. 

 This game was delighting me. How far could I get those two girls to go, as I got closer to fucking my girlfriend? 

 I pushed Lucy's hands down, and started fondling her breasts myself for the two teens to watch. Covering her boobs in my palms, my fingers curled up, softly caressing her stiff, sensitive nipples, while I started kissing and licking the back of Lucy's thin neck. The girls watched me playing with her teen breasts, with her slim body still seated on my hard dick, grinding on me. As Lucy watched the girls in the monitor staring at us, I whispered to Lucy, "Ask them to show us their butts." So Lucy reached to the wireless keyboard on the desk and typed, "Both of you should stand up and show us your hot butts!" Amanda and Blaire once again smiled at each other, pausing, but they were so horny, and our requests were not particularly invasive. Amanda pushed her chair backwards and stood in front of her computer, then she turned her back to us. She was so skinny, just like Lucy. She peeled down her white panties, showing us her very creamy, soft teen buttcheeks. "Damn what an ass," I moaned, still licking the back of Lucy's neck as I watched the computer, and I even heard Lucy shudder, too, "Mmm she's sexy!" Then it was Blaire's turn, she spun halfway around showing her butt in her thong. Unlike Amanda, the brunette bent way forward, peeling her thong down halfway down her fleshy thighs, so we saw not only her butt but the wisps of dark pubic hair and even the pink slit peeking out below her ass. Lucy instantly felt my married adult cock twitch under her petite butt, as I watched the pretty teenager quickly show us her pubes before pulling the thong up again, and standing once more. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Fucked a Slut, Watched Two Others ****** byNonStopFunGuy© I turned Lucy around on my lap, kissing her mouth at first and she voraciously sucked my tongue in response, but quickly I broke the kiss and began licking down her chin and neck towards her chest. I had Lacy standing next to me, leaning over me from the side, so the girls could see Lucy's naked, petite boobs as I devoured them in my wet lips. Wrapping my mouth around one of her pretty titties, I started sucking it in my lips, making it all wet, my tongue running circles around her hard nipple. Then I repeated it on her other boob. Both teen girls were stilling very still, intently staring at the show Lucy and I were putting on for them. I typed, "do you like watching this?" Both girls smiled toothy-white grins, and Amanda confirmed, "Mmm definitely!" 

 I pushed my mistress down to her knees, right by my side, as I turn sideways in the chair -- so the petite Asian female was kneeling between my spread-open, hairy thighs, viewed sideways from my computer. My pulsating cock was making a stiff tent, stretching the clean, white fabric of my underwear, and Lucy could easily smell how hard it was. A wet spot was growing around the shape formed by my bulbous cockhead. I smile to the girls in the monitor, as I pushed Lucy's slim face downward. She dutifully stuck her tongue out, and teasingly she begin licking my penis back and forth, through my underwear-- feeling its heat, smelling it, almost tasting it, knowing it was driving me nuts. 

 As Lucy was licking my shaft, I typed to the girls, "If I strip naked and show you my cock, will you both show us your pussies?" Blaire grinned as she read that, but I coujld see how nervous she was, so I quickly add, "Even just for a second?" But her blonde friend Amanda was ginning ear to ear, and the young slut quickly responded, "Deal!" 

 I read aloud to Lucy the exchange, and she didn't need further instructions from me. Staying on her knees in front of me, she peeled down my white underwear, exposing my rigid, married manhood and fat, hairy balls. I leaned back, spreading wide, proudly showing off my dick to the teenagers on the webcam as well as to my horny girlfriend. The 18 year olds on the webcam grew huge eyes, watching the married adult cock appearing on their computer screen, seeing how wide my shaft was, and the mushroom head at the top, plus the fact balls dangling beneath. Smirking, I reached over to type, "If you like what you see, prove it -- show us your pussies, girls!" 

 It took only a split second for horny Amanda to stand up, facing the computer, and with her face lit up in a grin she peeled down her panties -- but just onto her thighs. Her pussy was shaved, and on my laptop monitor Lucy and I saw her pink lips, glistening wet. She lets my girlfriend and I look for just a few seconds, before pulling her panties up to cover herself. Then, as the pattern had developed, it was her friend's turn. Blaire nervously stood up next to her friend, and she yanked her black thong down her thighs. Her cunt had wispy, dark hair, and she didn't show it long, before covering it again. 

 Now that I was sitting naked in front of the computer, I had Lucy just lean back a bit away from me, as I grabbed my dick in my hand. Lucy took the keyboard and, at my direction, asked the girls if they want to watch me jerk it a little for them. Lucy typed what I told her -- that I thought both girls were fucking sexy and hot, they were making me so hard, and I was going to fuck Lucy violently because of it. Lucy snickered and liked that last part. Lucy added that she was wet too, seeing their hot bodies. The girls snickered and giggled, their eyes staring at the sight of my fist wrapped around my shaft, jerking it up and down slowly, making the head grow for them. 

 Again at my request, Lucy asked them to take their bras off. Blaire rolled her eyes, certainly knowing the request was coming, but Amanda had the opposite reaction. She didn't even type anything nor bother to ask her friend, but instead she instantly reached behind herself to unfasten her white bra. She pulled it off herself, showing again those perky B-cup boobs, larger with a more definite round shape than Lucy's titties. Amanda's pale-pink nipples were obviously stiff and hard, pointing at her computer. 

 Next to her, Blaire hesitated, but after a moment she too doffed her black bra too, showing her divine, large C-cup breasts, with long, dark nipples so hard. Perched side by side on a chair facing the computer, the now-topless girls just smiled at Lucy and me through the computer, arching their backs with hands by their sides, showing off their naked 18 year old breasts. 

 I kept jerking off, slowly, eyeing the tits in the computer monitor but also staring at Lucy's topless body. I had Lucy type to them: "If you two rub your nipples together, we'll let you watch Lucy jerk my cock." I giggled at the offer, as did Lucy, and she and I saw the girls laugh and look at each other, unsure if the other girl would want to go through with it. But playfully, not sexually, they put their arms behind themselves and turn to face each other, and they bumped their chests together. Then they fell away laughing. It was funny to watch, but not a sexual encounter. So Lucy quickly wrote, "Make it feel good, do it longer!" The two girls looked at each other with big eyes, their faces blushing with some guilt, but after that brief pause they pushed their breasts together once more. This time, with Lucy and me staring at the sight, the horny girl friends grazed their hard nipples over the other girl's nipples -- brushing boobs on boobs, fucking their tits with tits. It obviously felt good, they didn't stop, they actually were staring down at their bosoms pressed together and they continued rocking their chests side to side a little, in soft petite motions, grazing their hard, stiffened nips over each other's equally-hard nips and soft breasts. 

 They fulfilled their bargain, so I leaned back and took the wireless keyboard from Lucy, allowing her to kneel again in front of me. Her petite hand reached out, and I moaned as she clasped my throbbing boner in her small fist, then she began slowly jerking my meat up and down, squeezing the fat shaft, feeling how fucking hard my married erection had grown, with precum oozing out of my cockhead. Both topless girls were watching it too, loving the sight of my girlfriend jerking my fat, hard penis. 

 My eyes were on the two naked pairs of tits on the computer, while I was feeling the attention of Lucy's small hand around my married dick. I typed to Amanda and Blaire, "OK girls, do you want to see Lucy suck my dick?" Both girls give us the thumbs up, mouthing "OH YEAH," as Amanda then confirmed, "Yeah we do!" But I quickly shot back, "Well I'll let you see her suck me -- but FIRST, each of you has to lick or suck the other girl's tit!" To make the request more acceptable, I added, "Just for a few seconds if you want." 

 The girls pause, staring at the words, mouthing them as they read them. Then they shrieked with cackles, then looked at each other in dismay. Blaire, I could see, was saying to Amanda something like, "no way, really?" But Amanda wasn't waiting. The blonde was so horny, she grabbed her friend's body at her shoulders, and instantly leaned forward so the blonde's mouth shot to the brunette's big breasts. With Lucy stroking my penis, she and I watched as Amanda's pink tongue shot out, licking a circle around Blaire's long, stiff nipple. Blaire cackled again, laughing as she mildly freaked out, pushing Amanda away quickly. But Amanda held her ground, gripping Blaire more forcefully, and her thin lips went back in for a second lick -- this time, suckling Blaire's stiff nipple into her wet mouth. I could see Blaire's face change; her jaw trembled, her eyes rolled, she shuddered and gasped at the warm feeling of her friend's mouth around her stiff nipple. Then, Amanda released Blaire's tit and sat upright, arching her back, pushing her B-cup beauties towards her friend, wanting the same. Blaire looked at the computer to be sure we were watching, then she gathered her breath and leaned down. I watched Blaire's mouth open, and she sucked Amanda's nipples and some of the tit into her thick lips, suckling her friend's breast. "Keep going," I typed, and Blaire did, mouthing Amanda's boob, suckling it back and forth, then licking and sucking the girl's other pale breasts. Lucy could hear me gasp, watching the brunette sucking the blonde's tits, and her fist squeezed my aching dick a little harder, pumping a little faster. 

 I pushed Lucy's head down, and without hesitation she opened her mouth, swallowing my throbbing boner. My cock was aching for her tongue, steaming heat into her mouth and against her tongue. Lucy look up at me with those sexy, slanted Asian eyes, watching my face as I watch her -- not the monitor - - sucking my dick. Wrapping her lips around my cockhead, she sucked just the soft, wet helmet, before sucking a couple inches of the shaft too into her mouth. Then after bobbing on my shaft a bit, she release my penis from her lips and start licking my shaft -- up and down, from my cockhead to my fat balls, licking those too, lathering every inch of my penis in her saliva. 

 The teen girls were riveted at the sight of my adult boner in Lucy's teen lips. I typed, "Like that?" and Blaire typed for Amanda, "Yeah, don't stop." I put a hand on Lucy's head, making her bob up and down on my cock, hearing her sucking it as I filled her mouth with hot meat and her nostrils with the musky aroma of hard dick. I could feel an orgasm already starting to swell in my balls. So I typed, "Wanna watch me cum all over Lucy's face?" Both girls got bright-eyed and grinned, and Blaire immediately wrote back, "YEAH!" But I want to get something for it, so I responded, "OK I'll shoot cum over Lucy's face, but first let me see you two make out -- start kissing each other." 

 I actually had no idea if they would really do that, but seeing Lucy sucking my boner, the girls were turned on. The blonde and brunette licked their own lips, staring at each other and blushing, as if testing each other's resolve. But, both so horny, they moved together, opening their mouths. Lucy and I watched the high school students push their lips together, their tongues out, their eyes half-closed, and the girls start French kissing. "Oh shit!" I grunted, watching the sluts shoving their tongues into each other's mouths. Amanda was the aggressor, attacking Blaire's mouth with her petite tongue, but Blaire kissed back too and sucks her friend's tongue. Then they broke off, smiling proudly that they did what I wanted, with saliva dripping from their lips. 

 Watching the topless teenagers kissing like lovers had me so close to cumming. Holding Lucy's head firmly by wrapping her long, black hair around my fist behind her skull, I moved her mouth to hover in front of my dick as I simultaneously grabbed my penis. Spreading my thighs, leaning back, I aimed my prick right at her gorgeous face. Lucy looked up at me hungrily, wanting it, the slut loved being showered in sperm. Then I began watching the computer monitor, both to see the girls' reactions as well as to make sure my webcam was going to show Lucy's face being splattered with sperm. Her face and my cock were squarely in the middle of my webcam's view. 

 Jerking harder, gasping, I grunted and started to spew. This was a painful orgasm, my balls instantly hurt as they erupted, shooting semen down my shaft and out the tight hole of my cockhead. Streaks of my hot, gooey jism squirted out of my prick, jetting into Lucy's face, splattering loudly. I watched her close her eyes as she feel me deposit a load of cum on her forehead, eyelids, nose and cheeks, and the cum continued to dribble. On the monitor, the teenagers were licking their lips, watching me cumming on Lucy, smearing her face with my babymaking sauce. 

 When Lucy lean up to smile at the girls, showing them the mess I just made on her face, the two teen girls were staring at Lucy like she was their hero or something. I could tell from the looks on their pretty faces, they very much adored the show. But, there was much more to cum, literally and figuratively. 

 I typed my next offer to them. "If you two make out for two minutes, 120 seconds, I'll time you, french kissing, then I'll let you watch me FUCK Lucy." The girls stared at each other then at me, and Amanda confirmed the deal by replying, "You promise?" They could see my reaction but I typed it anyway, "Oh I promise!" 

 So the topless, 18 year old BFFs, still sitting on that chair in front of Amanda's computer, turned towards each other, settled in each other's arms, arms wrapped around each other, and they push their mouths together. I looked at the clock, only loosely timing them, as the horny sluts start making out. Amanda was into it immediately, sucking Blaire's tongue and then pushing her tongue into Blaire's mouth; and Blaire sunk into the embrace, keeping her mouth open and enjoying the girl/girl attention. 

 Lucy observed me staring at the sight of the two girls making out, seeing how much I loved it. Inside Lucy's thong, her shaved bald pussy was drenched, she couldn't wait for it to come out and play, and I could smell how wet she was. Her entire body was trembling in sexual needs. I had her stand next to me again, while the girls were still making out for us. Amanda half-opened her eyes to see Lucy standing there topless, but she didn't break the kiss with her hot friend Blaire. I lift a finger -- saying "1 minute" -- and kept the girls sucking each other's tongues. Lucy and I laughed; in actually, I had them go at each other about four minutes, almost five, until they finally fell apart, gasping for air, both so horny. The erotic girl/girl kiss was so stimulating, they didn't realize -- or didn't care -- how much past 120 seconds they'd gone. 

 "Like making out?" I typed to them, smiling. Even though I just had an orgasm on Lucy's face, watching those two hot teens making out a few minutes already had my cock is about ready to go again. I continued, "You two look like girlfriends -- you should do that a lot more when you're alone!" Blaire blushed, brushing long dark hair from her fleshy cheeks, while Amanda responded, "Maybe we will?" I saw her eyes looking at my again-erect penis through the webcam, and she typed, "Your cock is hard again!" I proudly explain by typing, "I'm a horny adult, it's why you should fuck guys like me and not teen boys at school." 

 But getting back to the deal we'd made, I typed, "If I'm going to fuck Lucy, I need to get her naked." I paused, smiling at the two sluts through the computer, before adding, "And guess what you both have to do, too, after Lucy gets naked?" 

 Amanda responded a second later, already thinking what I was. "You want us to get naked too?" 

 "Oh yeah!" I typed back, snickering, hearing Lucy moan next to me. I saw Lucy squeezing her buttcheeks, her cunt was so wet she was trying to relieve the pressure by pressing her thighs together. 

 With her short, petite, thin body standing next to me as I sat on the hotel room chair, I dug my thumbs inside the tight strings of Lucy's black thong arching over her slim hips, pushing down, peeling off the garment from her crotch. Lucy's cunt was so drenched, the fabric of the thong was soiled and it clung to her skin until I yanked it down hard. Peeling her thong even lower, I let it fall to her ankles so she could step out of it. Then, I spun her to face the webcam, and had her sit back down on my thick knee. My erection rubbed her butt from the backside, as her asscrack straddles one of my thigh bones. With my strong arms to prop up her torso, she leaned back and pried open her legs, showing off her pink, bald cunny; in the computer monitor I could see the same thing Amanda and Blaire could -- her glistening-wet cunt, dripping, waiting me to fill it. 

 "Isn't Lucy so hot?" I typed to the two girls, and both teenagers nodded, staring at my girlfriend's Asian pussy in the monitor. I added for color, "Lucy's cunt fucks lots of cocks, especially married men -- don't you both wish you grow up to be like her?" I laugh, realizing Lucy was only a year older than the other two sluts. 

 Amanda knew it was her turn, and she stood up again in front of her monitor, wearing only her white panties. Her hands bunched her panties over her hips, and in a swift motion she bent forward and yanked down the undergarment. Sliding her panties down, she let them fall to the floor, then she stood upright -- totally nude. Her shaved, bare teen cunt was visible again, so pink and wet. The blonde remained on her feet, but she stepped out of the way to the side, so her brunette friend could disrobe too. Blaire paused before standing in front of the computer monitor, then she yanked down her black thong, exposing her teen cunt half-covered in wispy, dark pubic hair. 

 The teen girls stood hip to hip now, naked, showing Lucy and me their tits and pussies at the same time, with their heads now out of view above the top of the frame. I had Lucy stand up too, turning her back to the webcam, showing off her perfect small ass, while I had her bend forward so her arms were on my shoulders. I reached around her body and fondled her small asscheeks again, prying them open, exposing her asshole and pussylips from the rear side. I even briefly touched Lucy's puckered butthole and wet pussylips, rubbing juices from her pussy onto her ass and buttcrack, while the naked teenagers stood motionless, watching me playing with my girlfriend. 

 So turned on by what she was seeing, Amanda instinctively stood with her thighs open, showing her pussy more, watching me through the monitor staring at her vagina. Blaire's thighs, meanwhile, were mostly closed, as if embarrassed to show off her sexy teen cunt. 

 I had Lucy again on my thigh bone, leaning backwards and spreading open, showing off her cunt to the two girls once more. I reached down to her pussy and, without any hesitation, I started finger-fucking Lucy. I stiffened one finger and drove it powerfully into her wet hole, as deep as the tightness would allow, and kept hammering my finger downwards in rapid pumps until it loosened slightly, allowing deeper penetration. Lucy squealed, almost crying, so turned on, letting me manhandle her vagina. When I had my one finger all the way inside, the knuckles of my fist punching her pussylips, I stiffened a second digit and drove both fingers simultaneously into Lucy's cunt. Her legs stiffened and her body shook, as her hands reached up to my arms and neck to steady her body. With her thighs spread wide open, Lucy allowed me to finger- fuck that tight teen cunt for the other two girls to watch on the webcam. Indeed, Amanda and Blaire were standing still, facing Amanda's computer, undoubtedly riveted by the sight of my married fingers inside Lucy's twat. 

 With my free hand, I reached over to the keyboard and typed, "Take ur laptop to your bed now." Amanda paused but did it. I saw the view of her webcam shaking and turning around as the computer was carried for a few seconds. The video shook and finally settled into place at the foot of the girl's bed, facing her headboard. The nude blonde girl sat down in front of the computer, back against the headboard, spreading her thighs to reveal her 18 year old bald pussy again. Blaire took a seat next to Amanda, her knees bent up and together, her legs hiding her pussy that way. 

 As I was finger-fucking Lucy, I slowly typed to the two girls on the webcam, "Now put ur fingers in ur cunts as I finger Lucy." 

 I was so horny I was barely breathing, both from furiously finger-fucking Lucy and balancing her body on my leg, while hoping the two girls would begin masturbating for me. Again, I wasn't sure if I was over the line; and again, I wasn't, they did as I asked. Amanda slid her hand down to her own pussy, rubbing her clitoris a few times, then she stiffened one finger and slid it into her vagina. Blaire, too, aching for stimulation, reached down to her cunt, teasing her clitty in her public hair, before pushing a fingertip inside her tight hole. The brunette's brown eyes rolled, her head fell back and she started squirming, feeling herself pleasured by her own finger. Amanda's eyes stared at the computer, watching me finger-fucking Lucy's divine cunt while Amanda was doing the same thing to her own white teen pussy. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Fucked a Slut, Watched Two Others ****** byNonStopFunGuy© My cock, pressed against my body with Lucy's nude ass sitting over me, wanted to get inside some cunt. Time to fuck, I thought to myself. 

 I pushed Lucy off of me, and grabbed the laptop. Carrying it quickly to the hotel room's bed, I plopped it near the bottom edge of the bed and sat myself in front of it, leaning against the headboard like the girls were doing with Amanda's headboard. Naked and horny, Lucy obligingly followed me, crawling onto the bed at my side. I had the wireless keyboard on one thigh as I made sure the webcam was able to show the two girls the sight of my rigid, married dick and fat balls, with naked Lucy sitting hip to hip next to me. I told Amanda in the IM, "I'll let you see my cock go inside Lucy's cunt -- BUT only IF you girls put your fingers inside the OTHER girl's pussy!" 

 It occurred to me, I was changing the deal. But if it occurred to either of the girls on the webcam, they weren't complaining. Instead, they were going along with it -- each step of the way, being lured into something devilishly forbidden and toxic. I was starting to think, from how she was behaving, Amanda was desperately horny and would probably fuck her hot friend if I asked. And Blaire hadn't shown me any reason, other than some slight hesitation, that she might resist. The thought of seeing the two girl friends fuck like lesbian whores was insanely provocative to me. 

 In reaction to my request, the two naked teenagers look at each other, probably embarrassed at how turned on I had them, then Amanda leaned forward to type their response: "OK!" 

 I leaned back more flat on the bed, feet towards the laptop at the foot of the mattress, spreading my thighs and showing off the size of my hardened penis. To my naked girlfriend I growled, "Come fuck me, baby." I reached over, but Lucy was already on the move. She climbed over and straddled me -- reverse-cowgirl, so she could watch my computer monitor too -- and the teenagers would now get a perfect view of us fucking. I stare at Lucy's hot butt as it hovered over my flat, wide abdomen, with my strong hands on her petite hips to move her into place. Lucy reached down to grab my dick and keep it upright, pointing it at her cunt , then she sat down on it -- and slammed down her body as hard as she could. We both grunted, just as my thick erection dug into the tightness of her hot, bald vagina. 

 On the computer, the two nude girls were staring at the sight of my dick fucking Lucy, able to vividly see her thin body undulating up and down, while my thick, married shaft dug into Lucy's bald, tight cunthole. My girlfriend's small body is such a contrast to my middle-aged, muscular frame, and my boner looks about half as thick as her waist too. Arching herself, slamming down, Lucy ground her hips around in circles and up and down, plunging more of my meat into her tight twat, deeper and deeper. Her juices were dripping down my fast shaft. 

 Watching me fuck Lucy, Amanda took her wet fingers out of her own cunt, reaching sideways over her friend's nude body, and immediately the blonde wrapped her fingers over the brunette's hairy pussy. Blaire's eyes fluttered, her back arched, and instead of resisting, her big C-cup tits heaved, her thighs parted, and the girl starts to shake and spasm with an orgasm induced by her girl friend. Blaire was right on the edge and, after just a few seconds of Amanda rubbing her cunt, Blaire began having her first, hard orgasm of the day. Blaire anxiously grabbed Amanda's wrist, keeping Amanda's finger dug into her pussy, as she cummed hard, a huge, violent orgasm shattering Blaire' frame while Lucy and I watched. 

 When Blaire's pleasure of her first cum subsided, Amanda's other hand reached to grab Blaire's wrist, dragging her friend's finger to her own pussy. Now the girls sat side by side on Amanda's bed, naked, both spread-open, each girl finger-fucking the other girl's teen cunt -- all the while, staring at me fucking Lucy through the webcam. 

 Lucy and I were making the hotel bed rattle, with her slamming her thin but athletic body down hard to drive my meat deeper into her tight cunt. Her juices were dripping down my fat shaft, covering my balls and thighs. I was staring at the sight of her hot little ass, wiggling and gyrating above me, and also at the computer where I saw the two teenagers finger-fucking each other's pussies. Amanda's jaw was dropped open, she was sucking in air, and she too started having an orgasm from her friend's fingers masturbating her. Blaire was so turned on, she also had another orgasm. 

 The two girls on the webcam were so horny, they didn't need me to make their sex more enjoyable. As they watch Lucy and me fucking, and with their fingers stuffed into one another's cunts, young Amanda turns her blonde face towards her brunette friend; and Blaire didn't stop her, as Amanda leaned over to French-kiss her girlfriend again. The two sluts aggressively sucked each other's tongues, while pounding fingers into each other's pussies as they sat, naked, hip to hip, side by side on Amanda's bed. 

 I pushed Lucy off of me, and had her get on her fours -- sideways to the laptop. On the webcam, Amanda and Blaire broke their kiss, watching the computer while masturbating each other. I knelt behind my teenage mistress, loving this particular day of cheating on my wife. Rubbing my huge erection over her slim, Asian butt, smearing my juices around her skin, I watched the two girls masturbating each other on the webcam as I prepared to fuck Lucy from the rear. Then I lowered my cock as far as I could, spreading my legs so my penis was level with Lucy's twat. Her shoulders were against the bed sheet, pushing her round, small ass up high, while her face still smeared with drying, dripping sperm was turned to watch the monitor. My cockhead found Lucy's pussylips again, and I shoved forward, thrusting into her tight hole, while I wrapped my hands around her hips to pull her back towards me. She screamed from the feeling of my fat married erection stretching open her teenage cunt, as I start plunging my thick boner into that tight bald pussy again, screwing it as hard and deep as I could, over and over, knocking her small body back and forth. 

 Watching me fucking Lucy doggy-style, the blonde and brunette girls on the webcam were each having more orgasms. Their hands, like their pussies and thighs and stomachs, were saturated in thick cunt juices. 

 Seriously, fucking Lucy in that hotel bed while watching the two naked high school seniors having sex, I wasn't sure it could get any better cheating on my wife than that moment. 

 After giving Lucy a deep fucking from behind for a while, I pulled out and grabbed the wireless keyboard from nearby. Keeping Lucy on her fours bend over, her ass up high, I laid the keyboard on Lucy's lower back like a little desk and typed to the two sluts watching us, "If you want to see me keep fucking Lucy -- one of you has to lick the other girl's cunt!" I giggled at the request, thinking, this sort of was the ultimate end to Amanda and Blaire getting naked, wasn't it? But would they go all the way? After reading on the computer what I typed, my naughty girlfriend looked back at me, cum dripping down her eyebrows, laughing at my request to the two other sluts. 

 Brunette Blaire didn't react, just sitting back, sweating and gasping. But blonde Amanda smiled, wiping some strands of blonde hair off of her face. She took her wet, messy hand out of Blaire's cunt and leaned forward to type, "And what we get if we do it?" 

 I just typed back the first thing that came into my head. "I'll buy a plane ticket and fly out to fuck your pussy with my boner myself." 

 "Hey!" Lucy snapped, seeing what I typed, looking back at me with a playful scowl. But Lucy fucked several other married men, so she wasn't going to stop me from fucking another girl -- particular someone as pretty and horny as Amanda. Besides, Lucy must have figured, it was just hot talk during sex -- not like it would ever actually happen. 

 But horny, nude Amanda likes the thought. "You really promise," she wrote, "cuz I'd totally let you!" 

 Now its like a game, how far can I push it? I typed back, "So what city do you live in?" And showing me how horny she was, Amanda immediate replied with her home address! She also told me the big city near her. 

 Instantly I'm thinking, this is going to be a pricey ticket, flying all the way across the country to her -- and I didn't have any sales conventions to justify it. But, I mean, the price of a ticket would be worth it, right -- getting to fuck that hot blonde number. And who knew, maybe her brunette friend would come too. 

 But I didn't really have to spend the money, I only had to agree to do it. I wrote the girl, "I'll totally do it -- so if you start licking Blaire's cunt, I promise to come fly out and fuck you!" 

 Amanda just stared at her computer, basically fixated at my hard adult cock, all seven married inches, picturing it inside her pussy. "Ok you promise promise?" 

 Naturally, I agreed. "Totally promise." 

 Lucy sneered, watching me making a fake deal with Amanda. "Bet you'd love to do it," she correctly surmised, looking back at me over her shoulder while remaining on her fours, bend over, wet cunt dripping juices. 

 I'm not sure it was the promise of fucking me that made Amanda move to the next level; the girl really was just hot to fuck her friend's pussy. The blonde only needed an excuse, it seemed. She rolled onto her fours and crawled down her bed, between Blaire's spread-open thighs. Her friend stared back at her with wide brown eyes, shocked but turned on. Pulling her knees back, Blaire exposed her cunt to her friend -- basically signaling, it was ok for Amanda to lick her pussy. 

 Lucy and I paused to watch, not fucking, just drinking in the view of the two girls having their first lesbian sex. Amanda's blonde head started bobbing in circles above Blaire's pelvis. We couldn't see the action, but there was definite contact of tongue to pussy, because Blaire's eyes started rolling around again, her body sinking back onto the bed sheet and pillow, her arms and thighs spreading open. With her dark hair sprayed around her shoulders, Blaire leaned all the way back into the pillows, almost flat on the bed now, clutching her big boobs herself. Amanda was going to town licking Blaire's vagina, and Blaire starts heaving and spasming, her legs shaking and her hands gripping the bed sheets sometimes, gasping for air. Amanda was totally eating out Blaire's cunt, making her brunette friend cum multiple times. 

 Meanwhile, as I watched Amanda eating Blaire's pussy, I started drilling Lucy again too, but this time with Lucy on top of me. I laid on my back, pulling her to sit above me, with our feet towards the computer, so as I spread my legs, Blaire could get a good view of my cock inside Lucy's pussy. My girlfriend straddled me and slid that velvety-wet vagina over my thick penis, then she laid flat on me so we could start making out. Ignoring that she just watched me make a date with the blonde teen slut, Lucy shove her tongue in my mouth and we started making out while we fucked. I was groping her small tits in my hands, twisting them, then I reach up and grabbed her long hair at the base of her skull, tugging it, using it to yank her body downwards harder onto my cock, shoving more dick up into her pussy. 

 Breaking off the kiss, I look past Lucy's shoulder at the computer; and she turned to look over her shoulder, too. On the monitor, Blaire was still on her back, being eaten by her horny blonde friend, while Blaire stared at the computer watching me cheating on my wife. 

 Playfully, trying to incentivize exactly the same thing I wanted, Lucy grabbed the wireless keyboard, typing, "Blaire, you should thank Amanda -- go lick her cunt too." 

 Blaire smiled, and she even winked. I could see her lips moving, muttering something to Amanda; then the blonde lifted her messy face, covered in her friend's cunt juices, and turned to read the words on the computer. She laughed too, and leaned up on her fours. Lucy quickly typed, "Kiss each other first," and indeed the messy-mouthed Amanda gave a nasty French kiss to Blaire, so Blaire could taste her own cuntjuices in Amanda's mouth. Then Lucy told Amanda to get on her fours and shove her little butt up in the air, and for Blaire to go behind her and lick her cunt. 

 Lucy and I rotated around the bed a bit, lying sideways to the computer so we could both turn to watch the monitor as Lucy continued to fuck me, sitting above me. Amanda also was sideways to her computer, but on her elbows and knees, her boney ass up in the air. Blaire dropped to her elbows behind Amanda's ass, sticking her tongue out, and she pushed her face below Amanda's butt; Amanda's eyes rolled and her jaw dropped, and we could tell, Blaire started licking Amanda's pussy. The brunette was eagerly performing cunnilingus on her friend, while Amanda opens her eyes again to watch Lucy and me keep fucking. 

 Lucy sat upright on me, arching her thin body and showing off those bitty titties as she groped them, pinching her nipples for me; then she dropped a hand to her crotch, rubbing her clitoris while humping me. She was drawing near an orgasm, and her slanted eyes clenched and her small jaw dropped open, as she began screaming to a cum. My strong hands gripped her pelvis, pulling her body down so that my long, thick married dick was stuffed into the deepest recess of her vagina, feeling her climax and cum around my penis. To intensify her orgasm, I leaned up and my mouth found one of her small nipples, and my teeth clasped on it and gently bit that teenage knob until she screamed more loudly. 

 As Lucy came down from her cum but continued riding me, I looked over at the keyboard -- and I beheld my creation. 

 I'd created a couple of bisexual sluts! 

 The girls had changed position and were now doing a "69" together. Blaire had gotten on her back underneath Amanda, their nude bodies entwined now. Amanda dropped her face to Blaire's cunt, her blonde hair spilling over the area, and she was licking her friend's twat again. Meanwhile, Blaire lifted her face to Amanda's pussy and resumed licking it as well. The girls were hardly watching the computer monitor now, they were simply fucking each other -- stuffing fingers and tongues into each other's cunts, making each other shriek and shudder with multiple orgasms. 

 My cock was aching to cum again. I had Lucy flat on her back now, and I climbed on top of her, sideways to the computer. I was so hard for her, my dick hurt it was so engorged. I growled as I shoved it deep into her wet pussy, all the way, feeling the pressure deep inside her and feeling her twat stretch to accommodate my thickness. Her knees were back to her chest, and she was looking up at me helplessly as I start ramfucking her small teenage body furiously. Pounding into her hard, knocking her legs around, her body would have been moving around the bed except I had her pinned down. I had one hand around her petite neck, half-squeezing it, probably diminishing her airflow a bit, while my other hand was pushing her knee against her armpit, her foot up in the air uselessly. My muscular ass was relentlessly pounding her, flopping up and down, driving my rigid erection deep and hard into her cunt over and over. As I built up a powerful rhythm to fuck my girlfriend, I turned to watch the computer, seeing the nude teenage sluts continue fucking each other in a 69 position. 

 The sex with Lucy, with the sight of the two 18 year olds going lesbian on each other, was heavenly sex. I started flooding cum into Lucy's tight pussy, pumping buckets of my gooey jism deep inside her. Panting, sweat, and sore, I pulled off, then I grabbed the computer to put it directly between Lucy's spread-open legs. As the two West Coast girls turned to look at the monitor, they got a perfect view of Lucy's shaved pussy, dripping wet, sore, stretched, with my cum oozing out, dripping down her thighs and asscheeks. I typed, "Now THAT is a FUCKED cunt -- like I'm gonna do to Amanda!" 

 The teenagers didn't stop fucking -- it wasn't for us anymore, it was because they were simply into fucking each other. They kept licking each other's cunts another ten or fifteen minutes, cumming in each other's mouth. They also rolled around, arms clutching each other's bodies, thighs wrapped around each other's heads, so at one point Blaire was on top, then Amanda, then they were side by side, back and forth. They've never licked pussies before, but they loved it. 

 Finally, after countless orgasms, the nude teenagers fell away from each other, panting, almost crying. Both of their faces were a mess -- covered in juices and sweat, with their hair dirty and dangled. I wrote them, telling them how beautiful they were, so sexy, and their fucking had looked amazing! Amanda was watching the computer as she caught her breath, and I ask her, "Are you going to fuck Blaire again, next time you two are alone?" The blonde first had to wipe tears and liquids away from her eyes, before wiping her messy hand on her tummy and reaching to the computer to type back. "I dunno but its hot!" I prodded them more, writing, "Blaire did you love Amanda eating you?" The brunette giggles and nods. And I type, "That looks like a 'yes' -- so Amanda, did you love Blaire eating you too?" And the blonde shrugged, as if indifferent; but Blaire smacked her naked shoulder, and Amanda laughed playfully, typing, "LOVED it!" So I wrote, "See you two both love it -- so, I want you two to promise me, you'll fuck each other from now on when you're alone, and why don't you seal it with a hot kiss RIGHT now?" 

 And as Lucy and I watched, the two teenagers leaned together, whispering something to each other -- but then began kissing one another, agreeing to be fuckbuddies now. 

 After letting Lucy and me watch her kiss Blaire, naked Amanda wrote me in front of the other two girls, "Are you still coming out to fuck me like you promised?" Snicker at me though the webcam, she wrote, "Or aren't you man enough?" 

 "Ooh!" purred Lucy at the challenge. 

 I asked Amanda if Blaire would join us. Blaire blushed but whispered something to Amanda, who explained, Blaire had a steady boyfriend and didn't want to cheat on him. To the obvious question instantly raised by the comment, Amanda quickly clarified, "This doesn't count." And she, and the rest of us, laughed. 

 I was in that post-sex, blissful, relaxed state, just having fun, still aroused but not about to begin fucking instantly. So I toyed with Amanda about this idea of flying out to meet her, as Lucy and Blaire watched us banter. When could she get away from home, to have sex with me, like in a motel? Amanda thought maybe a Friday afternoon or evening, she might even tell her mom she was sleeping over with Blaire or one of her other friends. Or possibly a Saturday afternoon or evening, but sometimes she has to babysit her cousin on Saturday nights. And, Amanda added, seeing me through the monitor, "I can even do it next Friday night, I bet, if you wanted?" 

 Oh, I wanted. But could I get out to see her, without wifey knowing what I was doing? 

 My pervy brain, wanting that 18 year old pussy around my dick, hatched the plan. I raised a finger for Amanda to wait a moment for me, and I typed "BRB," then I minimized the IM and opened a new web browser. 

 "Whatcha doin?" Lucy whispered softly, her small hand stroking my sweaty back and butt as I laid on my stomach in front of my laptop on the hotel bed. 

 "You'll see," I said with a wry tone. 

 My messy dick was getting hard again, as I lay on the hotel bed sheets on my stomach, working the keyboard and touchpad. It took me about five or ten minutes to accomplish the feat, during which time Amanda and Blaire both took a break to the bathroom (separately), but sitting naked in front of their end of the dual webcast while I was working my magic. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Fucked a Slut, Watched Two Others ****** byNonStopFunGuy© Finally, I typed to Amanda, "You have MAIL." 

 She grinned at me, wondering what I had done. When the blonde opened my email a few seconds later, she saw attached to it a PDF of a confirmation and a PDF of a travel itinerary -- consisting of a round-trip flight for me the following Friday and Sunday, with a two-night stay at a motel about ten minutes from her home address. And I booked it through Lucy's credit card, so my wife would never know about it. I'd just have the company reimburse Lucy, and I'd float the money myself over the next few months in my budget. I'd eventually repay it, in chunks, and wifey would have had no idea that the "client event" was really a sex opportunity between a blonde teenager's thighs. 

 Amanda grinned, seeing what I'd done, and then I saw her stare at my body on the monitor. I sat upright, revealing my semi-rigid penis to her again. "You want this married cock inside your pussy next weekend baby?" 

 The blonde's smile doubled, as she typed, "OHHH YESSSS." 

 Next to my, my 19 year old girlfriend couldn't believe I was doing it. "You're so horny," she mocked, although growing wet at the thought of me boning Amanda. "You gonna let me watch that on the webcam too?" 

 "I can't wait for you to fuck me!" Amanda typed, while behind her, her brunette friend was cackling in dismay equal to Lucy's. 

 I had already cum twice, but I was so horny from arranging this trip to fuck the pretty, slim teenager, I was going to fuck my teenage mistress once more. As I pulled Lucy under me, on the computer the blonde typed that she and Blaire needed to get going, so they could clean up and "hide the mess" before her mom got home. That was fine with me -- I blew her and Blaire kisses, as they closed their webcam session. 

 Underneath me, spreading her wet pussy again for my married dick, my horny girlfriend snickered at my perversion. "You're gonna fuck that bitch senseless, aren't you, baby?" 

 I laughed at the obvious comment. "About as senseless as I'm going to fuck you now and through the rest of the night -- now shut up and fuck me, you fucking slut!" 

 The sex with Lucy that afternoon, and into the evening, was about as good as I could have thought possible. Until, of course, I flew out to California the next weekend -- THAT weekend was TOTALLY insane with wet teenage cunts! Report_Story 