#1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 01 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 * 

 "Great job, girls! Nice hustle!" 

 Trisha wiped the sweat from her forehead as she walked into the girls' locker room. Cheerleading practice had been extra hard today. Even worse, on Wednesday the JV squad practiced in the middle of the day, which meant the girls had to move quickly in order to catch their next class. The sound of voices, slamming locker doors, and scuffling footsteps on the floor echoed through the room. Trisha reached her locker and opened it. As she pulled out her gym bag, Trisha glanced at herself in the mirror, eyeing her skimpy cheerleading uniform. When they were doing their routines, the uniform made sense &ndash; the skirt was short so that it wouldn't get caught on their legs, and the top had to be tight on their bodies so that it wouldn't slide down if they did cartwheels or flips. Once practice was over, however, Trisha couldn't help but feel a little embarrassed. The pleated miniskirt barely reached the tops of her thighs &ndash; if she had ever tried to leave the house in another skirt this length, her mother would have thrown a fit. The zip-up top hugged her body, accentuating every curve. 

 "Bye Trisha!" Her friend waved at her as she slung her backpack over her shoulder and left. 

 "Bye Amanda!" 

 And Trisha's body frame didn't exactly help matters, either. Trisha had always been a petite girl, barely over five feet, with a tapered, thin waist and slender legs. But despite her slight frame, Trisha had been blessed with an ample, full chest. It was a trait that she had secretly always been proud of, although of course, she would never think of admitting it out loud. 32C…she thought to herself cheerfully. And yet, whenever she wore her uniform, she wished that they weren't so big, that they didn't bulge out of her blouse and strain against the tight fabric. Trisha laughed at herself. I'm complaining about my boobs being too big? Geez, Trisha, get a grip. She pulled her regular clothes out of her gym bag and fished a scrunchie out of her purse. With one hand, she reached behind her head and pulled her long brown hair into a ponytail. 

 "Ugh, Coach Pennings kept us late again," the girl next to her complained, as she pulled her tank top down over her head. "Doesn't she know that we all have class right afterwards?" 

 Trisha nodded, rolling her dark brown eyes in agreement. "I know, it sucks. And I have AP History right after this, too." 

 The girl made a face. "Ooo, even worse. See you around, Trisha!" She had already finished changing and was hurrying off &ndash; her class was all the way across campus. Usually, the team walked out together, but in the middle of the day, they all raced off as soon as they could. 

 "Bye Lisa!" Trisha watched as the girl scampered out of the locker room. As the door swung open, another girl walked into the room, and everyone's head turned to look at her. She was the kind of girl that turned heads; absolutely stunning, tall and statuesque, with shimmering blue eyes and curly blonde hair that fell across her shoulders and down her back. It was Britney, the head cheerleader. She was getting ready for varsity practice, and she was talking loudly on her cell phone. 

 "Yeah, yeah," she said, opening her locker and unzipping her backpack. "Calm the fuck down, I've got it all organized. I did a little 'talking' with the football coach." There was a strange emphasis on the word 'talking,' and Trisha wondered who she was speaking to. Britney pulled her top over her head and bent over to shove her backpack into her locker. 

 Even though it was a bit inappropriate, Trisha stared as Britney bent over. The head cheerleader's body was more than envious; her legs were long and slim, looking faultless in the glaring light of the locker room. Despite her height, Britney's frame was impressively thin, and her slender chest and waist were emphasized by a pair of massive, bouncy breasts &ndash; a boob job, more than one girl had muttered at lunch. 

 And there was another reason why Britney always turned heads. Without a doubt, Britney was the class slut at Eisenhower High. New rumors flew through the halls daily about the latest guy &ndash; or guys &ndash; she had slept with. If nothing else, her outfit was always a clue. Trisha heard a girl behind her scoff as the head cheerleader's black, skin-tight miniskirt rode up her ass, exposing a bright red G-string. The top that Britney had just tossed into her locker was sheer and white, and the neckline plunged to her mid-chest. The JV cheerleaders continued their conversation, but a new, icy vibe had filled the room, as each girl kept a half-jealous, half-disapproving eye on Britney as she changed. Trisha watched as Britney carefully stepped out of her stiletto heels, pulled on her trainers, and tugged on her cheerleaders' blouse and skirt. 

 As soon as Britney left, still chatting on her cell phone, the talking started. 

 "What a slut…" That was Rachel, who had just closed her locker and was zipping up her backpack. 

 "I know." Trisha's friend Mandy had just put a hand on Trisha's shoulder to steady herself as she tugged on her shoes. "How can she even call that a skirt? She might as well be naked." 

 Trisha nodded, but inside she sighed. She wasn't the biggest fan of Britney's clothes either, but she wished that her friends would stop criticizing her every time she left the room. She was careful to laugh along with them when they made jokes at the head cheerleaders' expense, but she couldn't help feeling a bit guilty every time she did it. After all, Britney was a cheerleader too, and that put them on the same team, right? Why did they have to be so mean? 

 "Hey, slowpoke, get your butt moving." Mandy's voice jolted Trisha out of her thoughts. "You're going to be late for class." 

 Trisha smiled at her friend. "I know, I know. I'll be fine. See you tomorrow!" She waved as the rest of the girls filed out of the room, still talking about Britney, leaving Trisha alone to change. 

 She leaned down to start untying her shoes, still thinking about her friends. They were all like Trisha; good girls, who stayed out of trouble and always got A's or B's. Maybe that was why they were so critical of Britney. Still, they shouldn't be so catty. Why do they always have to judge Britney's every move? Maybe I should tell them that it makes me uncomfortable. 

 Lost in her thoughts, Trisha picked up her backpack, closed her locker, and started to walk towards the door. Her reflection caught her eye in the mirror, and good thing, too. She had been so busy thinking about Britney, she had completely forgotten that she still hadn't changed. I'm such a ditz,Trisha laughed at herself as she turned back around. As she turned, she couldn't help noticing that Britney had left her locker wide open. Trisha walked over to close it for her, and her eyes fell on Britney's open backpack. Something had caught her eye…something that Trisha had giggled about with her friends at sleepovers or lunch tables but had never actually seen or touched. 

 A dildo…Trisha stepped forward, curious. Making sure that she was still alone, the cheerleader slid a hand into Britney's open locker and pulled the dildo out. I can't believe Britney keeps a dildo in her backpack!It was huge; round and slick and fat, probably over a foot long. It was double-headed, too, each end shaped like the stiff tip of a dick. An unknown, exciting curiosity began to bubble up inside of her. Trisha was a pretty girl, and - although it was another thing she would never admit out loud &ndash; she knew it, too. But she was a wholesome pretty, a cute pretty. A good girl that good boys would proudly show off to their mothers,she thought, as she stared at the dildo.In comparison to, say, Britney &ndash; hot, slutty, and shameless &ndash; Trisha was squeaky clean, and as she had entered her senior year, she was starting to wonder if that was a good or bad thing. She had always steered clear of boys, even though many had shown interest in her, and now, she was beginning to regret it. I wonder what I'm missing out on…She was still holding onto the dildo, clutching it carefully as if it was a fascinating artifact. 

 What is it like, using one of these?Trisha wondered to herself, staring down at the massive toy. Does it really feel good?A strange feeling rose in her chest, and she didn't know why. She had never seen a sex toy in real life, but if she was completely honest with herself, this wasn't the first time that using a dildo had crossed her mind. She was so stressed, too; her grades in AP History were falling, and she hadn't even started on her college applications. And I still can't get over the fact that I'm the only senior who didn't make varsity cheerleading…That last thought sent a twinge of irritated frustration through Trisha, and it only fed the mysterious, growing feeling inside of her. Whatever it was, it was making Trisha feel like she had to burst, like something was desperately asking to be set free, begging to be released from its cage… 

 Nervously, Trisha dropped her bag on the floor and sat down on one of the locker room's benches, still holding the dildo. She ran her hand along its length, examining the slick, velvety surface. It smelled like a synthetic plastic, but the material itself was smooth and firm, slightly squishy in her fingertips. The cheerleader couldn't help herself; her curiosity was starting to overwhelm her, and the dildo in her hands suddenly seemed very arousing. But it's so huge…it would split me in two. Would it actually feel good? 

 One of Trisha's hands found its way between her slender thighs, slipping under her skirt, lightly caressing herself. It was only when she felt the dampness in her panties that Trisha realized what she was doing. Involuntarily, her body jolted slightly at the touch of her own fingers against her tender pussy lips. She was getting wetter, and again she wondered how the dildo would feel. What does it feel like, having something shoved inside me?Her body flushed slightly at the thought. 

 Trisha looked around the room, even though she already knew no one was there. Then, she lowered herself onto the bench, lying back, raising her legs into the air and spreading them. The entire scene felt like a dream, and some part of Trisha knew that this was crazy; it was dirty, she thought, and weird, and what if she got caught? But something else was overwhelming those worries, pushing them away. The dildo felt impossibly massive in her hand, but Trisha's curiosity spurred her on, exciting her and turning her on even more. Biting down on her bottom lip, she lifted the hem of her skirt and gently pulled her panties to the side, exposing her eager mound. She continued to rub herself, feeling her wetness coating her fingers, the heat of her horny pussy radiating through her hips. She was nervous. Taking a deep breath, she gently pressed the tip of the dildo into her. 

 "Ooooh…" 

 It felt like nothing Trisha had ever experienced before &ndash; something so big and fat, pressing against her, invading her petite pussy. It made her entire body tingle; with what, Trisha didn't entirely know. Anticipation? Fear? Part of her knew that there was no way anything that big could slide into her little twat, but another part was aching for it to, and her pussy was suddenly overtaken by a desperate, powerful need to be stretched and filled. 

 Her hand pressed harder, easing the tip of the cock into her. The cheerleader's body tensed and trembled as it penetrated her, slipping past her lips and into her canal. It's inside me,she thought to herself, her excitement growing. It's inside me! 

 Again she pressed, letting her juices lube up the plastic dick, gently sliding the thick toy inside, its velvety slickness burrowed against her canal. It was barely two inches in, and already Trisha felt like she was stuffed full. Her breathing was harder now, and her legs trembled in the air as she gently began to rock the toy inside of her. 

 The sensation of the dildo sliding in her cunt was completely new, and absolutely incredible. This feeling…it's unbelievable! It was stretching her open, rubbing against her. Jolt after jolt of subtle pleasure raced through her hips and her legs, making them twitch slightly. More…More…Oh God, I want more. 

 Trisha's hand eagerly guided the dildo further in, and each inch felt like a mile, the way that the pleasure grew; new, untouched flesh was being stretched and prodded and penetrated by the slick toy. Slowly, ever so gently, she began to fuck herself, sliding the dildo in and out. Trisha was whimpering now, feeling the heat of her tender pussy radiating out from her crotch, pulsing with each light thrust. She gripped the toy tight with both hands, spreading her legs wider to get better access, shuddering with pleasure as she felt each soft push inside of her. 

 Her mind filled with the same image that always came to her when she was masturbating &ndash; herself, in some empty room, fucking a stranger, some blank face, someone she didn't even know, someone she would never see again. The scenario always changed slightly: sometimes, she was being raped, weeping and clawing against fierce, painful hands. Sometimes, she was being gang-banged by two or three, or even four men, and they would all fight over who would get to take her first. But no matter the specifics, one fact remained true, one thing never failed to turn Trisha on: these men were always completely unfamiliar. In her mind, Trisha had never seen these men before, and yet she was eagerly sleeping with them, with absolutely no convictions, purely for impure, carnal pleasure. She didn't know why, but that image always turned her on more than anything else possible; it took her over the edge. 

 Trisha's body stiffened and she closed her eyes, giving in to her imagination, picturing the stranger and relishing the feel of the hard dildo. Driven by her horniness, her thrusts sped up, in and out and in again, her inexperienced pussy dripping as it stretched to accommodate the toy. Her hand plunged hard, driving the plastic dick in deeper, and every time Trisha's soft yelps of joy grew louder. 

 "Ahhh…oooh…oh my…oh my God…" 

 Trisha began to rock her hips on the bench, making it creak and groan, wrapping her desperate twat as tight and deep as possible around the toy. It felt like it was slicing through her, piercing her body and pounding all the way up into her gasping chest. Wow…this…this feeling…it's incredible… 

 The cheerleader's legs sprawled out in the air, her body rocking back and forth on the bench. Trisha's ponytail was dangling off the bench onto the floor, her boobs softly swayed on her chest with her efforts, her damp panties and pleated miniskirt hastily shoved aside to give herself better access to the thrusting dildo. Now, her legs and her hips bucked forward, and her hands were clamped down on the dildo, viciously pounding it into her pussy, and each plunge forced a squeal of pleasure out of her lungs. 

 "Oh! Oh my God! Ohhh!!" 

 Trisha let her back arch, shoving her heaving chest upwards, listening eagerly to the soft squelchesof the dildo jamming in and out of her swollen twat. It was powering into her, penetrating her, splitting her in two and stuffing every inch of her flesh with its thickness. Ohhh….it's sooo deep! 

 "Ahhh! Ohhhh Goddd!!" 

 The bench was sliding on the floor now, rocked back and forth by Trisha's frenzied bucking, squeaking its protest against the locker room floor. Her entire body was thrown into fucking the dildo, her hands pounding it into her pussy with powerful thrusts, her hips jamming herself onto it, trying to engulf as much as possible, feeling it slide in and out of her aching pussy. She couldn't control her body anymore, and she wanted it to never stop…she wanted to be here forever. She humped and writhed with all her might, her legs pumping in the air, her boobs shaking and her hair flailing. 

 And now the man in her mind, the mysterious stranger of her fantasy, was fucking her too, doggy-style, his imaginary hands tightly gripping her ass as he forced himself into her, his non-descript face wound up tightly in an animalistic expression of furious pleasure. She pictured him grunting and growling as he plowed into her. He's not even an acquaintance, Trisha told herself as she bucked: just some unknown, random man off the street. Oooohh…yes!!! 

 In a frenzy, Trisha let go of the dildo with one hand now, still pumping herself with the other, and she frantically felt for her clit. It was swollen and erect, screaming out to be touched. With her soaked fingertips, Trisha gently began to rub, back and forth, up and down, tweaking the fleshy bump, and as the jolts of pleasure increased into waves, Trisha's frenzied squeals became yells and screams. 

 "AHHH!!! Oh my God!!!!" 

 The bench cracked and squealed in rhythm with Trisha's frantic, furious bucking. The dildo was a blur, plunging in and out of her mound. The flesh of her pussy was red and warm and swollen, eagerly accepting its every thrust, aching for it to return each time she slid it out of herself. Her hand was working fast too, rubbing her clit, her fingers firm and slippery against the warm, stiff nub. The imaginary man was cumming now, shooting his thick seed inside of her, and in her mind Trisha accepted it, gladly letting it fill her even though she didn't know who he was. The cheerleader heaved and rolled, bucked and rocked her hips against the fat dildo. Her tiny body was out of control now, a wild animal, lost to her pleasure. Her screams rang out through the locker room, and in between each scream she gasped for a ragged, short breath, before letting out another one. Just a stranger,she told herself, over and over, savoring the words and the images in her mind, feeling the familiar, heated rise in her body. She was almost there. Atotal stranger, and I let him cum inside of me, just a random stranger, fucking me, unknown, mysterious… 

 "OHHHH!! OH MY GODD!!!" 

 Like a wave on a beach, a single, massive jolt of pleasure crashed through Trisha, sending her into an uncontrolled spasm. Her orgasm raced through her, different than ever before, intense and searing and overwhelming. She let out scream after lung-shredding scream, her entire body jolting and rippling with the waves of pleasure, cascading across her quivering skin. Her hands kept fucking and rubbing, and her pussy was seizing and shuddering, clenching desperately down on the dildo, the powerful sensations radiating throughout the cheerleader's trembling body. 

 "Ohhhh GODDDD!!!" Trisha's mind went blank, her fantasy long forgotten, and for a moment she saw stars, and her body was lost in the gushing pleasure, savoring each twitch and spasm of her swollen pussy. Her flushed chest heaved up and down and her legs pumped wildly in the air as her climax surged, ripping through every inch of her. At last, her frenzied bucking began to slow, her legs and her back relaxed, and Trisha's earsplitting shrieks died down once more to soft moans. Gently, she rocked her body against the dildo, relishing every tender thrust, feeling her thrilled, exhausted pussy slide against the slick plastic. She continued like this for a moment, gently swaying, still fucking herself. Finally, she let her legs droop, her muscles easing up as she sagged against the bench. 

 "Wow…" Trisha let the soaked dildo drop onto the floor as she brought her dripping hands to her mouth. She paused to savor the smell of her excitement, then lightly, like a dazed animal, she licked each of her fingers clean. It was a move she had never done before, and she didn't know what made her do it this time, but the taste of her own juice and cum was wonderful &ndash; salty and tangy, lightly prickling her tongue as she licked. Trisha sat up and ran a hand through her tousled hair. She grinned at her face, flushed and red, in the mirror. Ha ha…Well, I guess now I know what a dildo is like! Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 01 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Whew!" Gingerly, on trembling legs, she stood up, placing a hand on the bench to steady herself. She gently slid her panties back over her sopping mound. Then, she began to slowly walk forward, shaky and unstable. She could feel the stickiness of her juices, all over her crotch, soaking her inner thighs. Her body gave one last shudder of joy as she bent over to pick up the soaked dildo, and she couldn't help but giggle in joy. I have to do this again,she thought, as she turned around to bring the dildo to the sink. Next time, after practice, before my class, I can &ndash; 

 Oh shit! 

 Trisha stopped mid-step, the soaked dildo still clenched in one hand. Her class! How could she have forgotten? Frantically, she checked the time. It had started fifteen minutes ago. Oh no!!! Panicking, Trisha threw the dripping dildo back into Britney's locker &ndash; there was no time to wash it. She grabbed her backpack and began to race out of the locker room, but stopped once more in front of the mirror as she desperately tried to decide if she should change. The blouse was hugged against her tiny frame and her firm breasts, straining to contain them. The cheerleading skirt was horribly slutty, she decided, barely covering her ass, tight and short. And her panties! Her panties were worst of all, already soaked through and damp with her juices and her cum. Her entire crotch was a sticky mess. She had to change, she had to! No…Trisha thought, helplessly. There's no time!Shouldering her backpack, leaving her school clothes in her gym bag, she flung open the door to the locker room and sprinted towards her class. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 02 ****** byHiddenDevil_© All characters are over 18. 

 * 

 Gasping and out of breath, shivering against the cold October air, Trisha arrived at her classroom. Taking a deep breath, she pushed open the door and walked in. 

 Every pair of eyes was on the cheerleader as she hurriedly walked to her desk. Still clad in her cheerleader's uniform, Trisha was almost certain that the front row could see the bottom of her panties, poking out from under her swishing skirt. She tried to tug it down a bit as she reached her desk, but it only brought more attention to herself. Ashamed and embarrassed, she quietly began to pull out her books, still breathing hard. As she looked down, her eyes caught on her blouse and she blushed, mortified. It must have been colder than she thought &ndash; her nipples were rock-hard, and were visibly poking straight through her blouse. 

 "Trisha…you're very late." Mr. Braun's voice rang through the classroom. A couple of the boys in the row next to her were staring at her &ndash; her cheerleader's skirt barely covering her legs, her heaving breasts straining against the thin blouse, her skin sweaty and slick. One of them grinned when she glanced over at them. 

 "I…I know, Mr. Braun. I'm sorry." 

 "Do you have an excuse?" 

 "U-um…" Trisha's mind worked furiously. "Coach Pennings kept me late to do some drills. We lost track of time." 

 "Do you have a note?" 

 "U-um…N-no…" 

 Mr. Braun shook his head. "Then you don't have an excuse. I trust you remember that we have our mid-term today." 

 Trisha's eyes widened and her heart fell. She had completely forgotten. 

 Mr. Braun watched her reaction. "I see. Well, here's your copy." He unceremoniously plopped it on her desk. "You have thirty minutes." 

 Trisha looked up in shock. "Thirty minutes?? But…I…" 

 Mr. Braun interrupted her. "No, Trisha. I will not give you extra time just because you came in late. Now, you've already disturbed the class enough. Please get to work." 

 Humiliated and close to tears, the cheerleader looked down at the test. One of the boys was still leering at her, greedily taking in her short skirt, her bare slender legs. Trisha's glare was returned only with a broad grin. She could still feel the dampness in her panties from her frenzied orgasm in the locker room. Oh God, I hope it doesn't leave a spot… She clenched her teeth and buckled down to start on her test. 

 After what seemed like only seconds, the bell rang. Of course, Trisha had no chance. Mr. Braun's AP History tests were renowned for their difficulty, and as flustered as she was, with only half the class time, Trisha didn't even get to the last twenty questions. As the rest of the class filed out of the room, she stayed glued to her seat, frantically flipping through the pages. This test is a third of my grade…I can't fail it! This can't be happening! 

 "Trisha, you are out of time. Please hand in your test." 

 The cheerleader looked up, her eyes pleading. "Please, Mr. Braun, I have a free period next! Please, can I just have some more time?" 

 Mr. Braun sighed, standing up from his desk chair. "Trisha…I wouldn't expect this from you. You've always been such a good student. You know, your grade is already falling from the first few assignments." 

 Trisha hung her head. "I…I know…" 

 "Now, I can't give you more time, because that would be unfair to the rest of the class. But…I will allow you to write an in-class essay as extra credit." 

 Trisha beamed up at him. "Thank you, Mr. Braun, thank you! Um…what should I write it on?" 

 Mr. Braun thought for a moment. "How about…the Louisiana Purchase. Explain the process by which Jefferson acquired the land." 

 The cheerleader's heart plummeted. Of all the topics in the world, how could he pick one from the only chapter she hadn't read? "U-um…okay…" 

 "Good. Get started, then." 

 For the first five minutes, Trisha struggled to find something to say, but it was hopeless. She didn't know a thing about the Louisiana Purchase. What am I going to do?This was her most important class &ndash; if she failed this test, it would ruin her entire transcript! Wondering if maybe she could ask to switch topics, she glanced up at Mr. Braun, and received a huge shock. 

 The teacher was staring straight down her skirt! It was painfully obvious, too, his pencil hanging limply in his hand, his mouth half open, his eyes intently blazing down at her crotch. As soon as she looked up though, Mr. Braun quickly caught himself. 

 "Ah…so…Trisha..I…trust you are doing well with your essay?" He hastily rearranged some papers on his desk, trying to look busy. 

 Trisha nodded. "Yes, thanks ,Mr. Braun." She glanced down at her lap, and realized that he could probably see her panties from his angle. Gross! Mr. Braun was checking me out? What is he, like forty? But then, a different thought came to her, out of nowhere. This was her most important grade, and if she failed this test, she failed the class. So, if there was anything she could do to get out of failing, she should do it, right? And if Mr. Braun was checking her out, well, that meant he was attracted to her, which meant maybe if she tried to… Trisha paused, shaking her frenzied head as she tried to think. How can I be thinking about doing something like this? Seducing a teacher? That's so awful! 

 Lost in her thoughts, Trisha nervously shifted on her chair, uncrossing her legs and crossing them again. This time, she directly saw Mr. Braun's eyes flicker up, despite his best efforts, to watch the cheerleader's smooth legs slide under her tiny skirt. Whoa…he's definitely checking me out.Trisha bent her head over the test ,pretending to write but keeping an eye on her teacher. He was wiping his brow now, looking like he was trying to concentrate very hard. Wow…I've really gotten to him. I think if I tried to, I definitely could…No!Trisha shook her head and closed her eyes in frustration. This has got to be a dream! I can't believe I'm even considering something like this! 

 She looked up at the clock. Time was running out. There was no time to think anymore. The panic was rising in her chest, and in her frantic desperation, she saw her entire school career flash before her eyes &ndash; all her hard work, her grades, her AP credit, her college applications. She had to decide. 

 Oh God…I've got no choice…She waited for a few seconds, nervous, her heart pounding. Taking a deep breath, she stood up again, picked up her papers, and walked over to Mr. Braun's desk. 

 The teacher looked up, his face slightly red. 

 "Mr. Braun, can you help me, please?" 

 The teacher coughed again, rearranging himself on his chair. Was he trying to hide a hard on? "Yes, Trisha, what is it?" 

 "I just wanted you to look at this sentence." As she asked, Trisha leaned forward onto his desk, letting her long brown hair cascade over her shoulders. The cheerleading blouse was cut low, and she knew that at this angle, Mr. Braun had a great view of her boobs. She wondered if he could see what color her bra was. Inside, her heart was pounding, and the girl's mind whirled as she tried to figure out how to act, what to say, what to do. And in the middle of it all was her disbelief about the whole situation, and some desperate, half-serious hope that this was all just a daydream. 

 "Ah…um…which sentence now?" 

 "That one." Trisha pointed randomly, leaning further now, resting her elbows on his desk as she watched him helplessly try to concentrate on the paper, try to ignore the petite cheerleader exposing half of her ample chest to him. She flashed her cutest smile at him. 

 "Well..uh…it seems fine to me." It was clear that he hadn't read the sentence either. 

 "Oh…okay. Thanks!" Trisha stayed in her position, leaned over, her chest thrust forward, her smile sweet and innocent. Her mind was flooded with questions. How far do I have to go to get a good grade? Second base? Third base? Should I just come out and say it? Maybe I should be more coy…but what if he says no? What if he doesn't take the hint? 

 "Ah…Trisha…is there something else I can help you with." 

 The cheerleader looked down in embarrassment, as she realized she had been staring at him for several seconds without a word. She tried to think of something to say. My uniform. I'll talk about my uniform. 

 "Mr. Braun, do you mind if I ask another question? What do you think of our cheerleading outfits?" 

 Mr. Braun was taken aback. "Um..I'm sorry?" 

 "You know, our cheerleading outfits!" Trisha twirled around for him, knowing as she turned that the pleats of her skirt were riding up with the motion, teasingly giving him a glimpse of her ass. "What do you think of them?" She leaned back down on his desk. "It's just that…well…I think they're a little…slutty." Her mouth twitched involuntarily as she forced the word out of her lips, but Mr. Braun didn't seem to notice. 

 "S…slutty?" 

 "Yeah." Trisha nodded, keeping her cool, ignoring the frenzied thumps of her heart as it careened against her ribcage. "I mean…the blouse is so low-cut, the skirt is so short. I mean, look, Mr. Braun! You can practically see my ass whenever I bend over!" She hastily turned around and bent for him, thrusting her ass forward. She couldn't help feeling a slight twinge of amusement as she watched him desperately try to tear his gaze away from her body. 

 "I…Trisha…this isn't appropriate." 

 "Well…" Trisha turned back, and smiled sweetly at him. "I'm just kind of worried that people are getting the wrong impression. I mean, do people think that just because the clothesare slutty, the girlis slutty too?" 

 "Ah, well…no…I don't think anyone thinks that, Trisha." 

 "Oh…good…" That wasn't the ideal answer,she thought, a little annoyed. The ideal answer would have been to call her a dirty slut so they could just get down to business right away. But Trisha pressed on. It was all or nothing, now. She knew that she would have to make the first move; Mr. Braun was way too nervous. The cheerleader leaned back down, her eyes staring straight into his, sexy and mischievous. "Because…I wouldn't want anyone to know the truth about me." 

 "The…truth?" Mr. Braun was stunned, and his face was beet red. 

 "Oh yes, Mr. Braun!" Trisha flashed another sweet smile. "The truth. …That I spend entire classes fantasizing about being having sex. …That I love sex more than anything in the world." Her mind whirled as she came up with more lies as she spoke. "…That I can't even wait to get home to masturbate, so I do it in the girls' bathroom." 

 She watched as Mr. Braun's eyes widened with each word. He was hanging on everything she was saying, his mouth gaping, unable to speak. What next? What now?This was it…the moment when she finally had to go for it. Her mind went blank as she started to panic, and she desperately opened her mouth, forcing words out of her mouth. Say anything! Anything at all! 

 "And…and…that I love nothing more than sucking off a nice, big fat cock…like…I don't know…yours?" As soon as the words burst out of her mouth, Trisha had to stifle a gasp. What had she done?? Did I really just say that?? 

 Mr. Braun stood up in shock. "Trisha! That's…that's not…" 

 Oh no…Trisha panicked; he wasn't going to say yes! She could get expelled for this. Panic burst through Trisha's chest like a deep breath. It's too late...I can't take it back. I have to get him to go along with me. He has to…he has to! She frantically clambered over his desk, sinking to her knees in front of him, grabbing his hips and guiding him towards her face. 

 "Please Mr. Braun…please let me suck your cock." 

 Mr. Braun shook his head. "Trisha, this is…fired from my…not right..you'll be expelled." 

 No, please! Don't back out now!The cheerleader tried desperately to ignore the growing lump of terror in her throat, pushing away the fear in her mind as she began to unbuckle his belt, looking up at him with pleading eyes, continuing to coo softly. 

 "No one has to know, Mr. Braun. Please…" She pouted up at him, her brown eyes big and sweet. She slid his fly open, and triumphantly felt a growing bulge in his boxers. He knew it was wrong, but he wanted it. He wanted her. 

 "I…I…" 

 "Don't worry about it Mr. Braun. I won't tell anyone." That's for sure,she thought to herself, ashamed, as she gently pulled his pants and his underwear down to his knees. I can't believe I said those things…I can't believe I'm going to do this. 

 "Trisha…" It was the only word left that Mr. Braun could use in protest. The cheerleader gently took his half-hard dick in her hand, stroking it. She had never given a blowjob before; what was she supposed to do? Frantically, she thought about the few pornos she had mistakenly seen on her brother's computer, the times she had overheard girls gossiping and giggling about it in the hallways. No teeth,she remembered. And…deepthroat…she thought. Guys like it when you shove their cock down your throat…right? 

 "Oh…man that feels nice Trisha…" 

 "It does? Do you like it, Mr. Braun?" 

 "Yeah…please, call me Joe. Yeah…" 

 His dick was growing in her hand, and she expected it to stop, waited for it stop, but it didn't. Oh, God. He's so huge! 

 "Yeah…keep stroking me Trisha, keep stroking me…" 

 Keep talking. Tell him what he wants."Mmm…Joe…you like me jacking your dick off, don't you?" She slipped her hand up and down his hard dick, feeling it throb in her hand. What should she do? Should she just take him into her mouth right now? Mr. Braun's eyes were wide, staring hungrily down at her. Unsure of herself, Trisha hurriedly slipped the tip of his dick into her mouth, sucking gently. 

 "Ohhh, yeah, Trisha…that's a good girl…" 

 Trisha bobbed up and down on the head of his dick, feeling the slick softness of his dick against her lips, her hand still stroking his shaft as she sucked. It's not that bad,she thought to herself, as she sat on her knees, slurping, looking up at Mr. Braun to gauge his reactions. 

 "Yeah…yeah…" Mr. Braun had one hand on the back of her head now, gently guiding her in as she rocked back and forth. His shock and timidity was gone now, replaced by a completely new hunger, a lust for this teenage cutie. He seemed like a completely different man. 

 "You probably suck dicks all the time, don't you Trisha. I bet you're real good at this, a cute little girl like you. All the boys are lining up to get their dicks sucked by a pretty thing like you, aren't they?" 

 What?? Is that what people think of me? I'm not like this! I'm a good girl!But Trisha tried her best to play along. She popped his dick out of her mouth and smiled. "Oooh…yes, Joe, but your dick is the best of all, I like yours the most." She inserted his meat back into her mouth, but she was suddenly overcome by a wave of shame. How could she be saying all these things? Worst of all, the cheerleader realized that she didn't even have to think about what to say &ndash; somehow, she just knew the exact words Mr. Braun wanted to hear, and as soon as she opened her mouth they effortlessly tumbled out. Why is this so easy for me? Why is it so easy for me to act like a slut? 

 Mr. Braun smirked down at her, his hand gently pressing her forward, back onto his rod. "That's right, Trisha, take me in, deeper…" 

 Trisha tried to obey, sliding the tip and a bit of his shaft into her lips, continuing to jack him off. Already, her mouth felt stuffed to the brim, the massive rod spearing into her, forcing her to stretch her jaw wide to accommodate it. 

 "Deeper, Trisha, deeper…" 

 I can't…the cheerleader thought desperately to herself. But his hand was pressing into her, forcing her down. She rocked her heard towards him, ignoring the silent, instinctual protest of her tongue and her tired jaws. Her lips smacked and drooled at the effort, slobbering loudly as she eased herself forward. That's far enough!She bobbed back and forth, feeling her saliva coating his dick, sliding the bottom of his shaft across her tongue. I can't possibly take any more! 

 "Yeah…that's good, Trisha. Come on, take me all the way in, take me into your throat. I know you can." 

 Trisha let out a muffled moan, still gently rocking back and forth. His cock was so big, it was already too much &ndash; shoved up against her tongue, spreading her lips. But his hand was pushing and pushing, and Trisha knew she had to obey him. So she forced herself forward again, feeling the shaft slide even deeper, her stretched lips on fire, the back of her mouth involuntarily fighting back against the strange, massive invader. Come on…come on… She could feel his hardness, his thick shaft pressing up against her lips and her tongue, throbbing, stabbing against her throat. You can do it… Trisha forced herself forward again, holding her breath, and then… 

 "Ghhhhaaagh!!" Trisha went too far. Her throat convulsed. She yanked the dick out of her mouth, and a trail of her slobber followed it, dribbling onto the floor. The cheerleader's chest heaved as she gagged and coughed, trying to catch her breath, and she wiped her sloppy mouth with the back of her hand. Her stomach felt like it was about to flip over. Mr. Braun let out a loud laugh. 

 "Yeah! That's it, Trisha, you nasty little girl! Gag on my big dick! Yeah…my dick's so big that it chokes even a slutty cheerleader like you, huh? 

 Trisha looked up through her gagging at his excited face. Somehow, her teacher had transformed from the stuttering, red-faced man into a horny, frenzied creature, wild with enjoyment at getting head from a cute teenager. Egg him on,she told herself, . Tell him what he wants to hear."Ooo, Mr. Braun…God, your dick is huge! I've never had trouble before, but yours is just too big for my little mouth!" As she talked, the same, shameful thought as before crept into her head: Why is it so easy for me to talk dirty to him? I can't believe I'm doing this… 

 "Yeah, Trisha, yeah…take that cock back in." 

 The cheerleader did as she was told, grasping his slippery dick in her hand, guiding him into her mouth. She felt his slobbery shaft once again against her tongue, pressing down on it, forcing her lips open. Back and back it went, wet and slick, deep in her mouth, up against her throat, and… 

 "Agghhh!!" Trisha choked again, her coughs muffled against his dick, her eyes beginning to tear up as her gag reflex kicked in. This time, though, Mr. Braun didn't let her pull him out. His hand was firmly on the back of her head, and he guided her back down, forcing the cock into her mouth. Trisha let out a loud moan of protest, but it was stifled by his dick, and her crazed teacher took it as one of arousal. 

 "Yeah, you nasty girl! You just keep gagging on that cock!" 

 Trisha let him guide her mouth down on his dick, still jacking him off with her hand, her lips tightly locked over his soaked shaft as he firmly drove her forward. No, too far,she thought frantically, too far!She gagged again, her eyes watery and red, her nostrils flaring as she desperately tried to take a breath through her nose. But her choking only seemed to spur Mr. Braun on, and she felt his hand tighten on her head, gripping her by the hair, pushing her down. Her chest and her shoulders heaved as she choked again, her throat screaming out in protest as her teacher shoved his dick down it. Gurgled, slobbery moans slipped out of her lips as the cheerleader tried her best to accommodate him, opening her mouth wider then she thought possible. She could feel the heat of his throbbing meat piercing inside her, stuffed against the insides of her cheek, fucking deep. She gasped for breath as he thrust into her. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 02 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Yeah…yeah…" 

 Once again, he thrust too hard, and Trisha couldn't take it anymore. She wrenched her head away from his grip, his cock sliding out of her lips with a loud smack,and lowered her head as she was overtaken by a fit of coughs and gags. A stream of drool dribbled onto the floor. 

 "Mmm…that's it, Trisha…gag on my cock." 

 Finally, as she struggled for breath, the cheerleader looked back up, her eyes teary and red, her lips and chin covered by a thick coat of slobber, her cheeks flushed. Her voice was soft as she looked up at him with puppy dog eyes, one hand still on his rock-hard meat. 

 "Mr. Braun…Joe…please…won't you give me an A for this test?" 

 Mr. Braun nodded without even pausing. "Yeah, yeah no problem Trisha…just take me back in your mouth…ooh yeah…" 

 Trisha nodded, and wiped her eyes with the back of her sleeve. She slipped the tip of his dick back into her drool-coated lips, letting his hand firmly shove her down on it. She had gotten what she wanted: an A. Now she just had to finish him off. For some reason, that thought seemed to relax her. Her body had been extremely tense, she realized, her adrenaline raging, her heart pumping. Every second, she had been afraid that something would go wrong, but now…he had promised her an A. She had gotten what she needed from him. 

 Mr. Braun had both hands on the back of her head now, guiding her in, gently thrusting with his hips. Trisha kept gasping and slurping, trying her best to keep up with Mr. Braun's massive, pistoning tool. She gagged several more times, her eyes teary, her chest heaving as she struggled to catch her breath after each gag, her mouth stuffed with his dick the entire time. Saliva poured out of her lips, puddling on the floor. But Mr. Braun didn't let her stop, and Trisha didn't resist. Back and forth, she plunged her lips down his shaft. The cheerleader moaned, muffled and soft, locking her lips around him and letting them slide against his slick, throbbing flesh. 

 "Oooh, yeah…shove it down your throat, baby, shove it down." 

 Trisha's wet eyes were closed as he slid into her, but a few moments later, she opened them in shock. His dick was deep in her throat, far down, mashed against her tongue and her lips…and she wasn't choking! She was deepthroating him! Trisha felt like cheering, but since she couldn't, she placed her hands on Mr. Braun's exposed thighs instead, and began to rock her head back and forth, bobbing enthusiastically, feeling his shaft slide deep into her mouth. 

 "Holy shit…yeah Trisha…that's it…" 

 A few more times, the cheerleader gagged, but she was quickly getting the hang of it. It was a matter of relaxing her throat; she had to open it up and let the cock slide gently down rather than clenching it closed and trying to force it in. Slowly, she rocked her head against his hips, taking him in, deeper and deeper, moaning softly with the effort, her drool dribbling out of her lips and running down his shaft onto his balls. Trisha looked up at Mr. Braun, watching his flushed, clenched face, and couldn't help but feel a small thrill at how she was affecting him. He's in my control,she realized. I did this to him…I made him into this crazy, sweaty animal. Spurred on by the thought, she increased her rocking, jamming her face into his crotch, gripping his thighs as she plunged, watching his body tense as his dick slithered back and forth against her wet, tender lips. She slurped and gulped at his meat, delighted at the fact that she was no longer choking on him. 

 "Oh…oh, holy shit…" Mr. Braun's breathing was hoarse now, his entire body was tense. Trisha realized what was about to happen, and she kept up her eager bobbing, clamping down on his cock with her lips and her tongue, sucking gently. Her hands began to pull him forward, guiding his thighs towards her, letting him slide into her mouth and shimmy down her throat. 

 "Oh…oh shit! Oh fucking shit!" Like a crazed animal, Mr. Braun grabbed fistfuls of Trisha's hair in both of his hands. The cheerleader let out a muffled squeal of terror as he suddenly began to pound into her with vicious thrusts, using her mouth like a cunt, fucking her hard. Her gag reflex came back with a vengeance, and the cheerleader choked and heaved, tears streaming down her eyes, her cheeks stuffed and flushed and red. She moaned and whimpered in protest, but Mr. Braun didn't even hear her. 

 "Oh…oh fuck…oh holy shit!" Mr. Braun bucked his hips into her face, shoving his throbbing rod down her swollen throat. His hands wrenched her head back and forth, making her head spin and her hair helplessly flop in the air. She gurgled and coughed, drool spilling out of her lips. Desperately, she tried to push him off, but he was too strong. He kept plowing into her, hard and fast, choking her with his cock. I can't breathe…she thought frantically. Oh God, I can't breathe… 

 "FUUUCK!" Mr. Braun growled, and he yanked Trisha's head backwards, prompting another yelp of fright from the cheerleader. She was forced to look up at him, and she saw that he was frantically stroking his dick with one hand, while his other one was tightly buried in her hair, tugging her head backwards. 

 "Open your mouth, Trisha…" he panted. "Open your mouth…" Gasping and sputtering for breath, the cheerleader obeyed, parting her tired lips for him, staring up at his throbbing rod. Mr. Braun let out a loud groan and aimed, and then his cum spewed forth. 

 Trisha felt the streams shoot into her mouth, impacting against her tongue and the insides of her cheeks, sliding down her throat, thick and gooey. His cock spasmed and twitched as it continued to spurt, load after warm load of white semen, deep into her mouth. Trisha wasn't prepared, and the cheerleader gagged on his cum, coughing as it slipped into her unwilling throat. She frantically swallowed it, and she could feel the hot seed slithering down her gullet. Mr. Braun's cum dribbled out of his dick, plopping onto her tongue and her lips. The cheerleader swallowed again. Finally, his groans died down. He leaned back into his chair, panting for breath. Trisha leaned forward and took the tip of his dick, glistening with his seed, into her mouth. Her teacher let out a ragged moan as she sucked gently, feeling his juices slide over her tongue. She leaned back, swishing the cum in her mouth, curiously letting it linger on her taste buds. Cum was supposed to taste bad, wasn't it? That's what all the girls always complained about, they said it was the worst part of giving a blowjob. Hmm,Trisha thought as she swallowed a third time. Actually…I kinda like it.It tasted good to her &ndash; mostly salty but also slightly sweet, a rich, completely unique taste. 

 Mr. Braun wiped his brow. "That's a good girl, Trisha. You've done a fantastic job on your extra credit." 

 At the sound of his voice, a wave of mortification and shame swept over the cheerleader, and she finally realized what she had just done. I just…I just gave a teacher a blowjob.Even worse, she had done it all just to get a good grade. Her anxieties came back, now, flooding her brain. I seduced him. I talked dirty to him, like a slut. And worst of all…I enjoyed his cum! I can't believe it! This isn't me! I'm a good girl…right? 

 Even with her mind racing, Trisha was careful to keep up the act. She confidently stood up, wiping her mouth, smiling down at him as he panted. "Thank you so much Mr. Braun. So do you think I'll get an A?" 

 Her teacher nodded wearily. "An A+, Trisha. Let me know if you ever want to do any extra credit again." 

 No way! Never again!The words screamed through the cheerleader's head, but she just smiled, winked at him, and nodded. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 03 ****** byHiddenDevil_© Trisha's shower the next day was extra long. As soon as she woke up, she felt confused, and a bit ashamed and dirty. Yesterday's encounter with Mr. Braun had been a product of panic, she had decided, panic that caused her to make a terrible decision, and nothing more. If she hadn't been so flustered, she would have realized that it was just a test, but now there was nothing to do but move on. Just move on, Trisha. 

 Try as she might, though, she couldn't convince herself. She had worn one of her favorite outfits to try to take her mind off of it; her comfy, lacey pink top, and her frilled white skirt that stopped just below her knees. Her friend Mandy, the sweet thing she was, had surprised her with a croissant and cappuccino in between second and third period. But nothing worked. Everything felt the exact same, and yet, somehow, it was all different. Trisha knew that nothing was wrong with her, that she was still the good girl she had always been, just a good girl who had made a bad decision. So why did she still have that lurching, weird feeling in her stomach? 

 Just get through the day,she told herself. The worst had been saved for last; today AP History was her final class. She quietly snuck into the class and sat in the back, unassuming, deliberately avoiding Mr. Braun's gaze. Her teacher was acting as if nothing was wrong, lecturing and teaching as usual, dressed in the same suit as always. She slunk further down in her chair, and stared at the clock. Thirty minutes left... 

 After what seemed like an eternity, the bell finally rang. Mr. Braun's voice was quickly drowned out by the rising chatter of the students, eager to leave for the day. Trisha bolted upright in her chair, grabbing her textbook with one hand and her backpack with the other. She stood up quickly, smoothing out the hem of her skirt, and hurried to follow the rest of the class out of the room. The cheerleader kept her head down, looking at her feet. She was only two steps from the door when she heard Mr. Braun's voice ring out above the clamor. 

 "Trisha!" 

 She flinched involuntarily as she felt his hand on her shoulder. He was smiling down at her. 

 "Would you mind staying a little bit late? I have something I need to discuss with you." 

 Trisha's stomach lurched. She looked around helplessly at the students that were walking around her, talking happily. "Um…I really have to go, Mr. Braun, I'm sorry…" 

 "Oh, it'll only take a few minutes. Please, I insist." 

 "Umm…o-okay…" 

 Trisha stepped out of the way to let the people behind her through the door. The cheerleader's heart pounded as she watched the rest of the students file out of the room. Mr. Braun closed the door, and with a loud clank, locked it. Trisha gulped. 

 "How are you feeling, Trisha?" 

 The cheerleader ran a hand through her long brown hair, trying to act nonchalant. "Um, I'm fine. No problem. What did you want to speak to me about?" 

 Mr. Braun slid his hands into his pockets and began to pace. "Well, Trisha…I've been thinking." 

 "Yes?" 

 He turned to face her. "I've been thinking…that we should make your extra credit an ongoing thing." 

 Trisha's heart plummeted. A hot wave of fear blazed through her body. "Um…what…what do you mean?" 

 "Well, Trisha, if you'll remember, I mentioned that your grades have been slipping for a while now. One test won't change everything. You're going to need to do some more extra credit to get all those A's." 

 The cheerleader shifted her weight, her big brown eyes staring straight up at him, shocked and frightened. "Oh…no thank you Mr. Braun…I think I'm happy with my grades now…" 

 "But Trisha…you do want to pass the class, don't you?" He had stepped closer to her now, barely a foot away. His eyes were fixed on her, and a slight, evil grin was starting to trickle across his face. "You understand that you won't pass the class if you don't do this extra credit." 

 "W…what…?" Is he threatening me?? 

 "That's a very pretty skirt, Trisha. I'll tell you what. I'll change this F+ for last week's homework to a C- if you take it off." His grin was wider now, leering down at the shuddering cheerleader. Her eyes widened in protest. 

 "An F+! Mr. Braun, you…you posted our grades on Monday, and for that assignment I &ndash;" 

 "No, no, Trisha. I have it right here, see?" He picked a sheet of paper off of his desk and waved it in front of her. It was her homework, and clearly printed on the top in red ink was a large F. 

 "But…but…" 

 "Now, Trisha. I am giving you a special opportunity to fix your grade. Let's get you out of that pretty little skirt." He took a step forward now, resting a hand on her shoulder, gently squeezing it. Instinctively, the cheerleader backed up, wriggling out of his grasp. She jumped with a start as she bumped into the desk behind her. 

 "I'm waiting, Trisha…" 

 The cheerleader shuddered involuntarily. Her heart was beating so fast she thought she might collapse. Her mind was dizzy with fright. What else does he want? Does he…does he want to…fuck me?She shuddered again at the thought. All she wanted was to get a good grade. What would he do if she refused? Would he fail her? Call the principal? Tell on her? 

 "This is your only chance to pass the class, Trisha. Take it off." 

 What do I do? The cheerleader remained where she was, frozen in panic, her eyes wide and fearful. In a single instant, everything had spiraled so terribly out of control. Why is this happening? Why is he doing this to me?? 

 "Hurry up, Trisha. I said take it off." Mr. Braun was stepping forward now, his arms extended, ready to pull her towards him. 

 "Wait!" Her voice rang out in the empty classroom, surprising even herself. "Wait, Mr. Braun…I mean…Joe…" Her brain spun as she grasped desperately for a way out. The door was locked, the halls outside were empty. Her teacher stopped, but he looked impatient. She knew he wouldn't wait long. Distract him. Stall him!It was her only hope. 

 "Please," she said, putting on a sweet smile, and batting her eyes. "We can…take our time, can't we?" She hopped onto the desk behind her, facing him, and crossed her legs, winking naughtily. Oh God…please let this work.Gently, she thrust her chest forward, arching her head back and letting out a low moan. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Mr. Braun standing in the same place, his eyes wide, his hand silently massaging his crotch. It's working,she thought. He's staying where he is.Now she had to stall him for as long as possible. 

 Slowly, teasingly, Trisha ran both hands down her body, starting at her neck and shimmying past her shoulders, up and over her firm breasts, down her torso. She smiled sweetly as she gently began to pull her thin pink top up, ever so slightly up. Trisha uncrossed her legs as the fabric slid up to her chest, revealing her taut, tiny midriff. Mr. Braun's eyes were fixed on her slender frame, still standing, not moving. Bit by bit, as slow as possible, the cheerleader tugged her shirt over her chest, revealing her tits, round and snug against a white cotton bra. She slipped the top over her head, shaking her long hair back and forth to free it from the fabric. Smiling sweetly, she tossed her blouse onto the floor and leaned back on the desk, thrusting her chest forward. Mr. Braun's eyes widened as he stared at her breasts. Perched on the desk, the petite cheerleader was gorgeous, thin and slight but curvaceous and full in all the right places. 

 Trisha let out a soft, sensual moan as she ran her hands across her waist, caressing her naked flesh, gently squeezing her tits through her bra. Then, she hopped off of the desk, and turned around slowly for him, placing her hands on the desk and arching her butt in the air, wiggling it at him. She turned around to look, her heart thumping. It's still working. Keep going , come on…what should I do next? 

 The cheerleader raised herself on her tippy-toes and bent over, running a hand over each smooth leg, up and down, all the while smiling sweetly at her teacher. Gently, she caught the hem of her skirt with one hand, letting it ride up her thigh, revealing a tiny triangle of her panties. Then, teasingly, she let the skirt flop back down her slender legs. Watching him over her shoulder, Trisha reached behind her back to unclasp her bra. She unsnapped it slowly, letting the straps dangle on her back. Gently, she slipped one shoulder strap, then the other, off of her body, cupping the bra to her chest. She milked every possible second out of the moment, smiling at him; a cute, innocent schoolgirl. Mr. Braun's mouth was slack and open, and though he was standing still, he had unbuckled his pants and let them drop to his ankles. A lump rose in Trisha's throat as she saw his cock, rock-hard, bulging against his underwear. But what could she do? She was trapped now. 

 Smoothly, she turned back around, her bra still clutched to her chest, the straps dangling uselessly off her body. Just then, the moment hit her. She was stripping for a teacher. Her! Trisha! This is insane! What am I doing?The cheerleader knew that she had to distract him, that she had to stall him for as long as possible, but…This is going too far! And…where did I learn to be such a slut???The final thought was so overwhelming that Trisha briefly closed her eyes in shame, but Mr. Braun's voice shocked her out of her thoughts. 

 "Come on, Trisha…show me…show me…" Her teacher was slack-jawed, eyes wide, staring at her as if she was not a teenager but an incredible goddess. His hand was rubbing at his bulging crotch. 

 Keep stalling!"You want to see them, Joe? You want to see my titties?" She lowered her face to hide it as it flushed with shame. I can't believe I'm doing this…I can't believe I'm saying these things…. 

 "Yeah…fuck yeah." Mr. Braun couldn't take his eyes away from her smooth body. "I want to see them." 

 Trisha smiled as she arched her back, thrusting her chest forward for him. In the back of her mind, a tiny flutter of confident pride slipped through her shame and confusion. She was sexy…so sexy that her gorgeous body and striptease had somehow made Mr. Braun lose all of his composure. Teasingly, ever-so- slowly, Trisha lifted her hands from her chest, letting the bra fall to the floor. Her C-cup breasts were at full attention, perfectly round and firm, bouncy and bursting out at Mr. Braun. Trisha slid her hands over her chest, cupping each breast in turn, squeezing them, jiggling them in each hand. She watched as Mr. Braun slid a hand into his briefs, absentmindedly beginning to stroke his dick. The cheerleader kept playing with her tits, pressing them together and then apart, taking each one in a handful, then gently running her fingers around her nipples, letting him watch as they danced to her touch. Her breasts had always been extra-sensitive, and the feeling of her soft fingertips grazing against her nipples sent a soft thrill through her spine. 

 She lazily reached a hand down to the waist of her skirt, playfully tugging it to and fro, teasing him, making him think she was about to take it off. She slipped a finger of her other hand into her mouth, sucking on it, looking up at him with cute, innocent schoolgirl eyes. Then, she bent down and pulled the edge of her skirt up, once again revealing her panties. She grinned as Mr. Braun buried his hand deeper into his underwear, speeding up its stroking. Holding up her skirt with one hand, giving him a full view, she gently began to tug her panties down, sliding them over the generous lobes of her ass and down her slender thighs and knees. Her pussy was open to her teacher now, neatly shaved and pink, tender, looking eager for a hard pounding. Slowly, she slid the panties down, down her legs, until they were around her ankles. Gingerly, she lifted one foot to step out of them, and then daintily kicked with the other, sending the panties flying into Mr. Braun's chest. She smiled at him, batting her eyes, but inside, fear was bubbling inside of her. A panic-inducing thought had just occurred to her; she was rapidly running out of clothes to take off. I'm running out of things to do,she thought. And he's still rock hard… 

 "Yeah, yeah, Trisha…" Mr. Braun had shoved his briefs to his ankles now, his hard cock out in the open, one hand still jacking off. "Yeah…rub that pussy for me…" 

 The cheerleader smiled at him. Okay, Mr. Braun. Good idea.She hopped back on the desk, spreading her legs, holding up her skirt to reveal her pink pussy to him. Mr. Braun let out a groan of approval &ndash; it looked so soft and tight. Trisha reached a hand down and began to gently knead into her pussy with one finger. Up and down, she stroked her mound, and then pressed slightly into it, feeling the warm flesh in her fingertips. 

 And then, out of nowhere, a jolt of pleasure tingled through her. Trisha was shocked. The entire time she had been stripping, she had been concentrating only on stalling Mr. Braun, and on trying to figure out an escape plan. She had never even stopped to consider whether she was enjoying herself &ndash; it was all about trying to get out of this terrible situation. But now, as she gently rubbed against her twat, she suddenly felt a slight twinge of pleasure, deep in her body, struggling to break through her nervousness and fright. 

 I'm getting turned on???Trisha couldn't believe it. It felt so strange and foreign, and yet for some reason she couldn't quite explain, her striptease had excited and thrilled her. She kept pressing gently on her pussy, massaging the lips, parting them with one finger and then squeezing them back shut. Her mind was frazzled, but she couldn't ignore that familiar sensation in her crotch &ndash; she was getting wet… 

 "Yeah, Trisha…yeah…rub that little pussy for me…" 

 "Oooh.." she cooed back. "Do you like watching me rub my pussy? You like watching a little cheerleader rub her pussy?" 

 "Yeah…yeah, Trisha…" 

 Trisha pressed her hand deeper into her wet cunt, feeling her juices, hot and pungent, ready to flow forth. She waswet now, and was losing herself to her pleasure. Her fingers worked away at her pussy lips, gently squeezing and tugging and rubbing. Trisha raised her other hand to her mouth, slipping the fingers between her lips, soaking them with saliva. Then, she reached down, spread her legs wide open, and gently slipped one of the soaked finger into her eager twat. 

 "Yeah, Trisha…yeah…" 

 The cheerleader's pussy was soaked now, and her flesh was hot to her touch, tender, aching for more. Gently, Trisha plunged the finger deep into her twat, and despite her situation, despite her fear, her shame, and all of her desperate desire to leave, she couldn't help herself… 

 "Ohhh…" The moan barely escaped her lips, soft and delicate. Trisha shoved the finger deeper insider of her, rubbing at herself with her other hand, gently working away as her cheeks began to grow rosy with excitement. 

 The voice in her head was growing fainter and fainter. This…isn't…right. How…can I be getting off…at a time like this?But there was no answer &ndash; coherent thought was quickly disappearing from Trisha's mind. She slid a second finger into her tender pussy, feeling the walls of her canal accept it, clamping down on it, and her other hand rubbed upwards, gently grinding her fingertips into her swollen clit. 

 "Ahh…oh…oh my God…" Trisha tried her best to hide back each moan but they all escaped from her trembling lips. The cheerleader jammed her fingers deep inside of her, each thrust making her body stiffen and tense with pleasure. Her fingertips at her clit were sending tiny shockwaves of pleasure through her pussy, radiating out across her body. The cheerleader closed her eyes, completely lost, gently rocking her body against her hands, moaning softly. 

 "Ohh…yesss…" She arched her back and let her head fall backward, spreading her legs wider, her feet curling and her shoulders rigid and stiff. She continued to finger-fuck herself, smelling her juices as they dribbled out of her cunt, savoring her warm flesh, hearing the squelchand squashas her hand dug into her twat. It felt so good, so unbelievably, incredibly good, and her entire body tingled with desire. Her chest heaved with her ragged breathing. Her moans became squeals of pleasure, erupting out of her arched head, thrown into the empty classroom. 

 "Yess..yes…yes…" 

 And then, all of a sudden, Mr. Braun was there, between her spread legs, his hands on her waist. Trisha raised her head and looked up at him. His eyes seemed glazed over, as if he were possessed. His cock was rock-hard, throbbing with anticipation. 

 Wait… the voice in her head cried, and Trisha opened her mouth to protest, but no words came out. Dazed, out of her mind with horniness, the cheerleader only waited obediently as her teacher eased forward, guiding his cock toward her soaked pussy. The voice in her head was screaming for her to push him off, to run away, but her thrilled, tingling body was not obeying. For a single, hypnotic moment, Trisha felt like a spectator in a movie, yelling at the screen for her body to move, to push him away, but it wouldn't obey, and she could only watch in a dazed horror as her hands mindlessly slid out of the way, exposing her twat for him, open and ready to accept his meat. It was only when the tip of his dick was pressed into her pussy that she managed to force something out. 

 "Ahhh…Joe…" 

 Her teacher looked up to meet her gaze, and immediately smirked. Trisha's face was red and flushed, her mouth slack and open. She was panting, and her bright brown eyes were fixated on his throbbing cock. He gently pressed his prick into her pussy lips, and felt the cheerleader's entire body stiffen like a board in response. Her hands tightly gripped the edge of the desk, and she bit down on her lip as she stared, with wide eyes, watching his prick push up against her dripping mound. 

 Ever so gently, her teacher slid the tip of his dick out, and then back in, feeling her lips engulf the head once more, slipping it just barely against her canal, not quite inside. He watched as the cheerleader tensed a second time, her entire body rigid as she waited for him to plunge into her. Trisha had her eyes closed now and was holding her breath as she waited for it. Still half- horny, still wholly confused, her mind was utterly overwhelmed, unable to digest the situation. All she could do was grit her teeth and wait for him to finally penetrate into her. But it never came. 

 Mr. Braun had pulled out, and was repeating the same move, gently rubbing the head of his dick into her pussy lips, burrowing into them but refusing to penetrate further. A third time, the cheerleader's body went rigid at the feel of him, and he barely heard a quiet moan escape from her lips. 

 "Ah…" 

 Trisha was bewildered and lost, her eyes still closed. Her body was betraying her, stiffening against her will, involuntarily responding to Mr. Braun's cock in completely unexpected ways. Then, Mr. Braun's voice broke through her daze. 

 "You want my cock, Trisha? You want my cock inside of you?" 

 Trisha knew what he wanted &ndash; more dirty talk. He wanted her to beg for his cock. She opened her mouth &ndash; and then something shocking happened, something frightening and mortifying and horrible. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 03 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Yes! Oh God, yes, Mr. Braun, I want your dick! Please! Please, Joe, please!" Without even thinking, the words were spewing forth, flooding out of her mouth like saliva. Trisha didn't have to will herself to talk for Mr. Braun's benefit &ndash; the begging and pleading was gushing out by itself. Bewildered by horniness, Trisha's brain was suddenly overcome with a realization. I…I really do want his cock,she thought, terrified. These words are just coming out because…they're true. I want his cock. I want his cock. 

 Again, words spewed out of her mouth, unintended, uncontrolled. She repeated her thoughts out loud. "I want your cock! I want your cock!" 

 She didn't even have time to feel ashamed. Grunting, Mr. Braun wrapped his arms around the cheerleader's ass, and guided his cock into Trisha's pussy. He pressed hard and fast, plunging into her, stretching her open and ramming deep into her cunt. 

 Trisha cried out, her hips and legs twitching against the impact. The pain of her pussy being stretched was overwhelming. But then, it faded almost immediately, and it was replaced by an incredible pleasure, something completely new to Trisha: a ravenous, intense, hunger for more, an achingly powerful desire to be filled and stuffed. In an instant, all her hesitations disappeared, and she eagerly cried out for him, pushing her shame and confusion completely aside. She spread her legs wider in the air, offering her hips to him, awaiting his next thrust. I need it…oh God, I need his cock… 

 "Fuck me!" she cried, relishing the feeling of his dick sliding against her twat. "Fuck me, Joe!" 

 He gladly obeyed, slamming his hips forward and into her, plunging his entire length into her pussy. Trisha let out another cry of pain, but quickly followed it up with a long moan of pleasure. Mr. Braun grasped her ass firmly with both hands, pushing her towards him, making her meet his hips with her own. She could feel his balls press against her mound as he hammered into her, his entire shaft sliding in and out of her tight, soaking cunt. 

 "Oh, fuck, Trisha…fuck…" 

 He was bucking into her, his hips jamming into her hard, his balls slapping as his dick plunged into her twat. He was an animal, grinding into her, his hands tight on her ass, pulling her into him, taking her with every thrust. He's tearing me apart,she thought to herself. He's destroying me…ohhh, he's so deep. 

 "Oh, God, yes! Yes, Joe!" She willingly rocked up against him, meeting his thrusts, eagerly engulfing his shaft inside her. She shuddered in pleasure as she felt it ram up against the back of her pussy. He met her enthusiasm with his own, pistoning into her, his hips wild and thrusting, grunting hard as he worked her twat. 

 The desk rocked on its legs with their efforts, and Trisha's body slipped and flailed on top of it, her hair violently flopping, her tits bouncing back and forth. She held onto the desk for dear life, and arched her body, throwing her head back and screaming into the air. 

 "YES! YES! OH GOD YES!" 

 Mr. Braun was dripping with sweat now as he hammered into her, his cock a blur as it pummeled her mound. Trisha's legs pumped in the air as her hips bucked, her chest heaving, her eyes tightly shut. The desk pitched back and forth, clanging loudly as one half of it slammed onto the floor and the other half was lifted up. Trisha rocked with it, her ass sliding back and forth as the desk tipped, clutching desperately to the edge so she wouldn't fall. His dick was so deep, still thrusting into her, piercing into her, filling and stuffing and cramming her till she thought she would burst. 

 "Yeah! Yeah, fuck your teacher, Trisha, fuck him!" 

 Trisha's eyes flew open, and Mr. Braun's words rushed through her, but this time it was not shame that she felt, but a new, carnal excitement. There was something dangerous and so incredibly dirty about this, bucking and fucking like animals, in the middle of a classroom… 

 "OH MY GOD!! OH MY GOD!!!" Trisha panted with effort, pumping herself against Mr. Braun's throbbing dick. Any embarrassment or humiliation she had felt before was completely gone, and thoughts of how wrong the situation was only turned her on more. She was a high school cheerleader, fucking a teacher for a good grade, rocking back and forth for him on a desk, stripping for him, blowing him. It was so dirty, so terribly naughty. Dirty, nasty…the words rang out in her head. Naughty, filthy, so dirty…and even…slutty… 

 "OHHHH!!!!" Her body was flooded with pleasure, and those words pushed her over the edge. Trisha's entire body convulsed in a single wave, and a massive burst of ecstasy slithered through her, causing her to spasm along with it like a shockwave. Her legs trembled and her pussy clenched and quivered on Mr. Braun's cock. Trisha clamped her eyes shut and shuddered within her orgasm, feeling the hot waves of pleasure drench her body, racing through her, filling every inch of her flesh and making her rise. She rode it to the peak, climbing it, losing herself in it, her screams hoarse and ragged, ringing out through the classroom, and her little body jolted and shook. 

 "OHHH G-GODDD!!! OHHH M-MY GODDDD!!!" A single image flashed across Trisha's dazed mind &ndash; herself, clad only in her frilly white skirt, flopping up and down on a flimsy desk, letting a teacher pound into her. She trembled and shuddered as she came down from her climax, and slowly, as she returned back to the world, she opened her eyes and saw Mr. Braun grunting and groaning, driving into her, pounding her twitching pussy with all his strength. His hands were painfully firm on her ass, keeping her steady as he plunged into her. He was deep, so deep, and his entire weight bucked into her, thrown behind his hips, and she felt his ballsack press deep into her pussy lips and his entire shaft slam into her tight canal. His groans were louder now, much louder. It was as if he was trying to piece into her with his entire body, and suddenly, she realized what was about to happen. 

 "Wait!" she cried out, desperately. "Mr. Braun, we're not using any-" 

 "Aghh!" His groan quickly drowned out her protests. She could feel his cock throb and twitch inside of her, and immediately her pussy grew warm as his hot load spurted out of him, filling her naked, unprotected canal, spewing into her womb. He ground his hips into hers, his legs pressed against the desk, groaning as he unloaded his seed into the cheerleader's twat. Trisha could feel every single spurt as her pussy clenched down on him, and her cunt tingled as she felt some of his spunk leak out of her twat, dribbling down her crotch and onto the desk. He kept himself buried inside of her, panting, his arms firmly around the tiny cheerleader. Finally, with a loud groan, he lifted himself off of her. His dick slid out of her swollen twat with a loud plop,and his cum dribbled out with it, soaking her mound. Without thinking, Trisha reached a hand down to collect it, sloppily slathering it across her pussy, licking her fingers clean. She tasted her own juices again, salty and strong, this time mixed with the familiar taste of Mr. Braun. The mixture tingled on her tongue before she swallowed it. 

 It wasn't until Mr. Braun let out a hoarse, wheezing laugh that she realized what she was doing. She quickly stopped, her face blushing with shame. What was she doing? Slurping up the cum that was dribbling out of her own twat, licking it up, swallowing it? She had lost herself in her pleasure somehow. Something deep inside of her, completely unknown to her, had managed to burst through and take over her body, causing her to feel only lust when it should have been shame. Whatever that thing was, it frightened her, badly. What is wrong with me…? 

 "Mmm..just can't get enough of that cum, can you, Trisha?" 

 The cheerleader looked up at him. "So…Mr. Braun…am I going to pass this class?" 

 The teacher smirked down at her. "Well…we'll see. But I think you're well on your way, Trisha. You just have to keep working hard." 

 A look of shock and panic swept across the cheerleader's face. "But…Mr. Braun, you said…" 

 "Well, I changed my mind, didn't I, Trisha?" 

 No…oh no… Still perched on the desk, the cheerleader trembled slightly. 

 "Now, now, Trisha, don't you worry. You'll get you good grade, you will. But we might have to make your extra credit a weekly assignment." 

 The school bell rang, making Trisha jump. Mr. Braun hastily walked over to his desk, picking his discarded pants up off the floor. "Get dressed, Trisha. I have to go home, now." 

 Overwhelmed with terror, still unable to digest what was happening, the cheerleaded obeyed, gathering up her scattered clothes. She tugged her panties up her soaked and trembling legs. Desperately trying to accept what he had just said, she decided to skip the bra, stuffing it into her backpack, throwing on her pink blouse and smoothing it out. Her breasts bulged against the material, and her uncovered nipples were easily visible, but the cheerleader had much more important things on her mind. Even though it just happened, the past hour felt blurred and fuzzy in her mind. She had been so terrified when he first forced himself on her &ndash; she had even gone through that humiliating striptease jut to distract him. And then, suddenly, for no logical reason, she had let him fuck her anyway &ndash; offered herself to him, cumming on his cock and letting him do the same inside of her. What had changed? What is going on??And even worse…he wanted to do this every week? Regularly? Oh God…Trisha felt like a robot, going through the motions, gathering her books and her bag. 

 "I'll see you tomorrow Trisha. You should be ready to stay late." 

 The cheerleader shuddered as she left the classroom. She was alone in the hallway; everyone else had gone home. I'm a good girl…she thought, desperately, trying to reassure herself. I'm a good girl…how could I have done something like this? This can't be real…this can't be happening to me.She struggled to keep her composure as she walked down the hall, her legs and her ass aching. Her pussy was flooded with her own juices and with Mr. Braun's cum, soaking through her panties, starting to dribble down her legs as she walked. If anyone had been around to see her, they could have seen something faintly glistening, poking out from the bottom of her swishing skirt, running down her leg &ndash;a thin trail of her teacher's seed. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 04 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 Two Weeks Later… 

 "Mmmf…ugh…yeah, Trisha…" Mr. Braun's grunts were harsh and breathless. Trisha closed her eyes and grimaced. 

 The teenager was on her hands and knees, sprawled across her teacher's desk. Her cheerleader's skirt and top were in a crumpled pile on the floor, discarded. Her unhooked bra was hanging from her shoulders, flopping uselessly as Trisha was rocked back and forth. Her panties had been hastily pushed to one side. 

 Trisha turned her head to glance behind her. Mr. Braun was sweating profusely, his greedy eyes fixed on the naked cheerleader in front of him. Both of his hands were painfully gripping her around the waist, rocking her back and forth, jamming her against his tool. He continued to fuck her doggy-style, his hips slapping as they collided with her ass. 

 "Uhh…yeah…fuck…" 

 Trisha felt one of Mr. Braun's hands on the inside of her thigh, raising her leg sideways off of the desk, giving him more leverage. He continued to piston into her, harder and faster with every stroke. The cheerleader's brown hair bounced across her back and down her shoulders, her tits swayed in rhythm with her tiny body. Mr. Braun kept a tight grip on her leg, and her raised foot flopped helplessly about as she let him plunge in and out of her. Perched on his desk, her legs stretched and open to him, the cheerleader closed her eyes, reluctantly letting Mr. Braun take her. 

 "Oh God…ohh..I'm gonna…" 

 No…no, please, not inside…The words rang out in Trisha's head but she knew there was no use in calling them out. Mr. Braun always came inside her, and refused to wear a condom. His hands tensed now, one planted on her slim waist, the other clenching her hoisted leg, so hard now that it was painful. Behind her, Mr. Braun was moaning and heaving, still jamming into her, rocking the cheerleader's body against his own. She heard his moans grow as he got closer and closer, and she kept her eyes tightly shut, waiting for the familiar feeling of his cock throbbing and pulsating in her, waiting for his seed… 

 "Trisha!" 

 The cheerleader awoke with a start. It took her a moment to regain her senses and realize where she was; Mrs. Dunkel's Biology class, in the back row. The room was darkened and the teacher was still showing her slides of plant cells. No one had noticed that Trisha had dozed off except for her friend Mandy. 

 "Are you okay?" Mandy whispered from her desk, leaning over the aisle. "You were muttering something. I was afraid everyone would hear you." 

 "Umm…yeah…" Trisha rubbed her eyes and ran a hand through her hair. "Yeah, I just had a bad dream." 

 Mandy nodded and went back to taking notes. Dazed and still a bit sleepy, Trisha glanced down blankly at her own desk. Each day of the past two weeks had felt like an eternity, and yet when she thought of them now, they seemed like a blur. Even now, as she thought of that day two weeks ago, when she had fucked Mr. Braun for the first time, it already felt like it was in a past life. Three more times, he had asked her to stay afterwards, always threatening her with another bad grade or failed test. Three times, Trisha had vowed to herself that she would put an end to it, that she would refuse to be blackmailed by a teacher. She would just accept the grade; or maybe, she would just go and tell the whole thing to the principal. But three times, Trisha couldn't bring herself to do it. She had resigned to it, stripping off her clothes, not even bothering to find a way out of it like the first time, letting her teacher spread her across the desk or on the floor, letting him pound into her and shoot his spunk into her twat. 

 The cheerleader lowered her head and closed her heavy eyes, wracking her brain once more for a way out. But there was nothing. She felt tired, trapped, and abused. Worst of all, though, was the slight dampness in the crotch of her jeans, warm and sticky, indicating that her dream had done more than just make her mutter. It was this part of her &ndash; the carnal, uncontrollable part of her, the part that had made her cum the first time when she didn't want to have sex at all&ndash; that scared and humiliated her most of all. She still blushed at the thought of it. What a slut I am…Mr. Braun made me cum. I didn't even want to fuck him, and somehow he made me cum. 

 The bell rang. Mrs. Dunkel turned on the lights and everyone gathered their things to leave. Trisha and Mandy filed out with the rest of the class. 

 "Geez, Trisha, this is the third time this week you've fallen asleep in Bio." 

 Trisha nodded as the two walked down the crowded hallway. "I know, I know. It's awful. I just…I've just been so busy…" 

 Mandy nodded, sympathetic. "Too much homework?" 

 Trisha swallowed softly, and smiled at her friend. "Yeah…that, and some other…things." 

 Mandy gave her a friendly hug. "Well, get some sleep, okay? I'm getting sick of having to wake you up every day!" 

 Trisha smiled. "Yeah, I will." Just then, Britney, the head cheerleader, walked past them in the hall, her high-heeled boots clacking on the floor. She was wearing a light pink blouse with white buttons, but all of them were undone except for one, across her midriff. The head cheerleader's massive chest burst out against the fabric, looking as if it might pop the button at any moment; her lacy red bra was clearly visible through the thin blouse. Mandy's lips tightened as she watched Britney turn the corner, then she whispered in Trisha's ear, "You won't believe what I heard about her today." 

 Trisha's face perked up. She always loved gossip, even when she was feeling as terrible as now. "What?" 

 "Well…you won't believe this, but…some of the Varsity cheerleaders were talking about it. They said that she's filming herself in the boy's locker room, you know…" Mandy made a face. "…masturbating!" 

 Trisha's face flinched involuntarily; Britney was probably doing it with the exact same dildo that Trisha had stolen out of her locker a few weeks ago. "Really??" 

 "Yeah! AndI heard that afterwards she sells the videos to some weird guy. It's so gross! I heard she waits until 8th period so no one will bother her. And then &ndash; oh shoot!" 

 The school bell had just rang. Mandy waved at Trisha and turned to race off to her English class. "See ya Trisha!" 

 Trisha waved back. "Bye!" She watched as Mandy disappeared down the hall, then turned to face the door of the classroom they had stopped in front of. She took a deep breath. On the front of the door, small black letters clearly read: Mr. Braun. AP History.Slowly, dreading every second of it, Trisha opened the door. 

 Mr. Braun was sitting at his desk, and she could feel his gaze on her, steady and focused, as she quietly walked to her desk. The rest of the students were loud and animated, chatting across the room, casual, like it was any other day. Finally, though, the cheerleader couldn't avoid it any longer; she stole a glance at her teacher, and saw him still staring at her. His eyes were hungry and greedy, eyeing her petite body, her sloped shoulders draped with wavy brown hair, her firm round breasts, tight against the fabric of her T-shirt, ample and curvy in contrast to her slender frame. Trisha could almost see his mind whirling away, mentally undressing her, ripping off her jeans, tearing away her bra and panties. She shamefully looked away, crossing her arms tightly over her chest, as if somehow that could protect her from Mr. Braun's leering stare. Her face flushed and she closed her eyes in shame. Mr. Braun was insatiable; she knew he would make her stay after class today. And there was no way out. Nobody could help her, because nobody…wait! 

 Trisha's eyes flashed open as she remembered what Mandy had said, and a thought came to her. Of course, there was no way she could tell her parents, or any of her friends. I would die before I'd let them know! God…what they would say about me! But Britney…now there's a thought.If there was one girl who wouldn't judge Trisha for sleeping with a teacher, it was definitely Britney. I mean…she's probably slept with half the teachers at this school! And the rumor that Mandy had just told her…Britney filmed herself during 8th period…the period after AP History. Maybe…maybe if she went to Britney and talked to her about Mr. Braun…maybe she could help figure out something to do… 

 No way!Trisha shook her head. She hardly even knew Britney; how could she possibly ask her for help in a situation like this? Still…she's so experienced in stuff like this, she could probably give me some advice …but I can't! 

 "Quiet down, class, quiet down, please." Mr. Braun had stood up. "Please open your books and start reading Chapter 12. I trust you all did your homework." Trisha watched as her teacher turned to return to his desk, but before he reached it, he turned back to face the class, and announced, "Oh, and I almost forgot. Trisha, please see me after class about your extra credit. You'll have a new assignment." 

 Trisha's face turned red with humiliation, and she slunk down in her chair, trying her best to become invisible. A couple students in the front row had turned in their seats to stare at her. That's it…she told herself, furious and embarrassed. I have to get out of this…no matter what it takes… 

 *** 

 "Well, Trisha?" 

 The rest of the class had gone, and it was just her and Mr. Braun, sitting across from each other, his eyes greedy and hungry. "Aren't you going to get started? It's time for your extra credit." 

 Trisha watched in horror as her teacher stood up and began to unbuckle his belt. No…not again…this isn't what I meant to happen. I just wanted a good grade.Desperately, she looked around the room, trying to figure out what to do, what to say. 

 "Mr. Braun, please…" 

 Her teacher looked up. "Yes, what is it, Trisha? You're not going to try to dissuade me again, are you?" He let out an evil laugh. 

 The cheerleader's eyes were fixed on the floor. She had no idea what would happen; she didn't even know if Britney would be there. But anything was better than this…anything… 

 "No, but…Mr. Braun…I mean…Joe, maybe we should go somewhere else." 

 "Somewhere else? What do you mean?" 

 "I mean…" Trisha struggled to find an excuse. "Somewhere…dirtier." She flashed him her best attempt at a seductive smile. "Somewhere private, where we can do whatever we want." 

 Mr. Braun grinned at her, then began to rebuckle his pants. "Lead the way, Trisha. I was wrong about you, you know. I always thought you were the good girl." 

 Trisha nodded as she led him out of the classroom, heading towards the boys' locker room. I was wrong about me, too… 

 They arrived at the locker room a few minutes later, Trisha leading the way, peeking her head into the door to make sure no one could see them. It appeared empty. She motioned Mr. Braun in. His teacher was grinning at her, still finding it hard to believe that a cute cheerleader like Trisha would really want to fuck in the boys' locker room. The cheerleader tried to act casual as she walked past each aisle of lockers, frantically hoping that Britney was there. Aisle after aisle, they walked, seeing only empty benches and discarded football gear. With each step, Trisha's heart sank and her stomach lurched. She's…not here… 

 "Well, Trisha, I &ndash;" 

 Mr. Braun stopped in mid-sentence. Trisha stopped too. They had both heard the same thing &ndash; a soft, straining moaning. A girl's moan. The cheerleader's teacher looked down at her, confused. Trisha shrugged up at him, pretending not to know what it was, secretly praying that it was Britney. They tiptoed down the aisles, stopping as they reached the last one. 

 And there she was. Britney's tall, beautiful body was sprawled across a bench, her long smooth legs spread in the air, her curly blonde hair freely splashing across the bench and onto the floor. Her taut, flat stomach was breathing in and out as she moaned. She was massaging one of her massive tits; Trisha watched in amazement as Britney pulled it upwards to her lips, and the head cheerleader extended her tongue, licking her own boob, flicking at her nipple. Her other hand was plunging a massive dildo into her pussy, and Trisha immediately recognized it &ndash; the same dildo that she had masturbated with before, the dildo that had made her late to AP History and gotten her into all this trouble. Gently, the head cheerleader rocked her gorgeous body back and forth, letting the toy thrust into her. A camera was set up on a tripod at the end of a bench, pointed straight down at her twat, catching the entire thing. The head cheerleader kept moaning, oblivious to the two newcomers, her enchanting blue eyes staring straight into the camera lens. 

 "Mmm…oooh…fuck…" Slowly, sensually, Britney ran her hand over her body, starting at her flushed cheeks and her moaning lips, sliding down her chest and over her massive globes, across her thin waist and her flared hips. The dildo kept fucking, plunging deep, and the head cheerleader's juices dribbled down her crotch. 

 Trisha's jaw had dropped at the sight, and she had stared in silence as Britney continued to fuck herself. Mr. Braun, however, was not so subtle. He stopped mid-step and stumbled backwards, shouting in alarm. 

 "What the-" 

 At the sound, Britney whirled around, toppling off the bench, sliding the dildo out of her pussy as she looked around to find who had spoken. 

 "Who the fuck…oh." The head cheerleader's eyes fell on Trisha and Mr. Braun, and she stood up and smiled confidently at them. 

 "Hey there, Trisha." 

 Trisha was taken aback. "You…you know who I am?" 

 "Of course I do, hun. You're on the cheerleading team, aren't you? How's it going?" 

 Trisha was amazed. Britney was standing in front of them, completely naked, her pussy dripping and a soaked dildo in her hand. And yet, she was talking to them like she had just met them walking down the street. 

 "Um…" 

 "What are you doing in the boys' locker room? And who's your friend?" Britney gestured at Mr. Braun. Trisha turned to see that her teacher's face had gone limp at the sight of Britney's unbelievable body, his mouth hanging open, his eyes fixed on her heaving boobs, unable to look away or even to blink. 

 "You like 'em?" Britney asked, grinning at him. She thrust her chest forward and wiggled it slightly, and Trisha saw Mr. Braun's eyes widen as Britney's tits danced back and forth across her chest. The head cheerleader was much taller than Trisha, at least 5'7", but her frame was just as slender, and her long, smooth legs were stretched out, slightly bent, as she stood naked on the locker room floor. Trisha couldn't help but feel a twinge of envy as she marveled at Britney's body. How does she stay so thin? 

 "Yeah…yeah I like them…" Mr. Braun sputtered out, his eyes so huge that Trisha thought they might pop. 

 Britney glanced at Trisha. "So what's going on, hun? I'm in the middle of a video shoot, as you can see." She gestured lazily back towards the still- running camera, and laughed. 

 Trisha glanced down at her feet. How could she explain this to Britney? "Well, I…um…I've been doing some…extra credit with Mr. Braun, and-" 

 "Extra credit? In the boys' locker room?" Britney arched an eyebrow. 

 Still looking down, Trisha shifted her weight uncomfortably. "Well…I didn't do so well on a test, so…" 

 Britney grinned at the nervous JV cheerleader. "Ohhh…I get it. Giving the teacher a little loving so you can get some back, huh? I've been there. It's fun." She laughed again 

 Trisha looked back up, a trifle insulted at Britney's insinuation. "No! It's not…it's not like that…" But it was, she realized, it was exactly like that, and as insulted as she felt, she knew that it wasn't justified. Britney is completely on the mark…she's right about me. 

 Britney shrugged. "It's not, huh? Well, okay. Then why are you here?" 

 Trisha hung her head in shame. "I…well…okay, I guess you're right." 

 "Shit, hun, don't look so depressed. Just tell me what you need." 

 "I…um…well, I was wondering if you could help out." 

 The class slut looked confused. "Help out? What, you can't fuck him by yourself?" Mr. Braun still seemed to be stuck in a daze, and his slackened mouth gurgled slightly at her words. 

 "No, it's just…" Trisha looked up at Britney. Her mouth moved soundlessly, her eyes pleading and close to tears. She was shifting back and forth now, nervous, unable to explain the situation in front of Mr. Braun. Please…she silently begged, her desperate gaze fixed on Britney's face. Please help me… 

 A different look swept over the head cheerleader's face, and Britney suddenly nodded. "Hmm…let me guess…you want me to join in?" But there was a hidden note in her voice, and Trisha immediately knew that she understood. 

 "Y-yes…I thought maybe you'd want to. You know, um…the more the merrier." 

 Britney grinned. "Yeah, the more the merrier. Sure, hun. That sounds fun. This dildo's been getting a little boring for me, anyway." The head cheerleader turned to Mr. Braun. "What do you think, buddy? Want to try out another pussy?" 

 Mr. Braun gurgled again. "Whaa…yeah….fuck yeah!" 

 "Well get your clothes off then. Hurry up! Let's fuck!" 

 Mr. Braun frantically obeyed, unbuckling his belt and ripping his pants off so fast that he started to trip on them. Trisha looked up at Britney, watching her laugh. Their eyes met. 

 "Thank you,"she mouthed, her eyes bright and grateful. "Thank you so much." 

 As Mr. Braun desperately tugged his shirt over his head, Britney leaned down to whisper in Trisha's ear. "No problem, hun. Cheerleaders gotta look out for each other, don't they?" She grinned, and Trisha responded with a smile and a slight, thankful nod. 

 Mr. Braun had kicked off all of his clothes, and now he was standing, staring at Britney, his dick rock hard and at attention. The head cheerleader smirked. 

 "Fast little fucker, aren't you? What are you waiting for? Bring that cock over here." 

 Mr. Braun did as he was told, and as soon as he reached her he grabbed her tits, letting out a groan as he felt the soft flesh, much more than a handful, too much to squeeze all at once. He massaged them, pushed them back and forth, watching eagerly as they pressed against each other and bounced in his hands, following them with his eyes, like a child with two massive pieces of candy. 

 Britney laughed. "Guess you approve of them, huh?" 

 "Yeah…yeah…" 

 The head cheerleader grinned at Trisha as she slowly sank to her knees. Trisha could only stand where she was, watching in amazement as the class slut slipped the head of Mr. Braun's dick into her full, pouty lips. Her teacher let out a shocked, loud groan. 

 "Holy shit!" 

 Britney's bright blue eyes winked up at him as she sucked, her tongue gently running around the tip of his cock, one hand cupping his balls. She continued like this for a moment, sucking gently, letting him savor the feeling. Then, without warning, the head cheerleader plunged her head forward, letting his shaft sink so easily into her lips that it seemed to Trisha that it was disappearing. Mr. Braun half-gasped and half-choked as Britney throated the entire length of his rod, her slobbery lips locked around his balls, her nose pressed against his belly. In spite of herself, Trisha's jaw dropped as she watched Britney effortlessly slide the dribbling cock out of her mouth, then plow back forward, gobbling the entire thing down once more, jamming her face into Mr. Braun's stomach. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 04 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Holy…fuck…Jesus…fuck!" Mr. Braun couldn't seem to string together a sentence as he gasped for breath, and he reached down to press Britney's head into his hips, shoving her lips against his balls. The head cheerleader slurped and drooled at his meat, and Trisha watched in awe as Britney's tongue flicked out from beneath Mr. Braun's throbbing rod, and began to lightly lick at his balls, making him twitch as she caressed the soft flesh. Finally, with a slobbery squelchand a loud gasp, Britney pulled her head off of Mr. Braun's dick, breathing hard. Trisha remembered her own choking, gasping attempts at deepthroating Mr. Braun, how it had cut off her breathing entirely. She was astonished at how easily Britney was doing it. Mr. Braun's hands were still resting on Britney's head, his cock coated and dribbling with the head cheerleader's drool. He wheezed as he tried to recover, and Britney smirked up at him. 

 "Like that, huh?" She reached up with one hand and began to stroke his slick meat. 

 "Uh…fuuuck…..yeah…." Mr. Braun closed his eyes and kept moaning as Britney jacked him off with one hand. The head cheerleader took the chance to glance over at Trisha, slack-jawed, still standing, frozen. Britney laughed at Trisha's reaction, and it seemed to jolt the girl out of her daze. Trisha closed her mouth and lowered her eyes, blushing. 

 "You ain't seen nothing yet, hun," Britney told Trisha, grinning. Then, she stood up and walked back over to the bench. A moment later, Britney was on her hands and knees on the bench, her naked ass and her pink, still-soaked pussy raised in the air. 

 "Come on, buddy," she said, turning her head back to smile and wink at him. "Make me scream." 

 Mr. Braun rushed forward, placing his hands on Britney's round ass, positioning himself behind her. With Trisha, he always took his time, relishing the moment, but now he seemed too eager to control himself. With a single motion, he plunged his throbbing tool into Britney's cunt, and the force of it sent the head cheerleader's body sprawling forward, before she bucked back against him and let out a loud yell. 

 "FUCK yeah! Fuck me!" Britney stretched out her arms and planted her hands on the far end of the bench, pushing against it for leverage and jamming herself into Mr. Braun's hips. The teacher was grunting and groaning now, his hands firm on Britney's hips, plowing into her with all his might. Each of his hard thrusts were so powerful; and they were thrusts that Trisha knew so well; that she had felt herself, countless time, powering into her own teenage cunt. Now, as she watched Mr. Braun subject Britney to the same treatment, she was amazed by the fierceness of his fucking. His face was fixed in an animalistic sneer, his gaze focused on Britney's, round, taut ass, wiggling with the force of his dick plunging in and out of her twat. His hands were buried deep in Britney's asscheeks, yanking them toward him, forcing the head cheerleader's stunning, slender body to engulf his cock. 

 "That's it, baby! Oh fuck, yeah!" Britney's cries were mixed with Mr. Braun's moans and the fleshy slapof his balls smacking against her pussy. The head cheerleader's back was rigid and arched, her ass raised to give Mr. Braun better access to her twat. Her head was turned and she was watching him piston into her, her long hair flopping with the force of his thrusts. Her eyes were wild and excited, her pouty lips parted as she wailed. 

 "Yes! Yes! Just like that!" It occurred to Trisha, as she watched Britney throw and buck herself against Mr. Braun's shaft, that the head cheerleader might be faking her pleasure, simply for Mr. Braun's enjoyment. But she couldn't be sure: Britney was so convincing, with her body stiff and squirming against him, her eyes bright, her cheeks flushed. And either way, it seemed to have worked on Mr. Braun. Trisha's teacher was throwing his entire weight into fucking the head cheerleader, his hips jamming back and forth like a machine, his entire shaft disappearing into Britney's cunt. The force of each thrust rocked the cheerleader across the bench, but she would always catch herself and buck back against him, and the slam!of their hips colliding reverberated through the empty locker room. 

 "Ahhh…fuuuuck…" Mr. Braun groaned as he pumped into her, sweat now dripping down his face. Britney grinned back at him and let out a loud moan of her own. The head cheerleader had started out kneeling on the bench, but now she rearranged herself, straddling the bench and planting both feet on the floor. She kept her hands placed on the far end of the bench and had her knees sharply bent; now, she was leaning into Mr. Braun, putting the entire weight of her body into bucking against his cock, pushing with her legs and her arms, fucking with all her might. Mr. Braun responded by bending over her, grabbing her by the shoulders, helping Britney jam her body into his cock with even more force, letting her impale herself on his meat. Britney's head was hanging, her hair spilling over the bench, her entire body thrown into fucking the teacher, and she let out a loud scream. 

 "Yes!!! Oh fuck yes!!!" She was leaning all of her body into Mr. Braun's hips, her legs straining and her ass sticking out far behind her. With each thrust, Trisha was almost certain that she would topple over, but she kept her balance, powering her ass deep against the teacher, and his dick speared into her, thick and hard, piercing and stretching her dripping pussy. The power of their fucking was so strong that Trisha could see it rippling through Mr. Braun's thigh muscles and Britney's slender legs. 

 All of a sudden, Trisha realized it. This is my fantasy…she thought. It was always the same, whenever she masturbated, the same fantasy that she played over and over in her head: some random stranger, fucking her, in some random room, in some random encounter. No matter what, that image never failed to get her off. It was the fantasy that she had played through her mind when she masturbated with Britney's dildo two weeks ago…and now, Britney was re-enacting that fantasy in real life for her, recklessly and wildly fucking a teacher that she had just met. A stranger and a girl, fucking in a room, not even knowing each other or what they're doing there…just a random, dirty, nasty fuck. Britney doesn't even know who Mr. Braun is.And yet, here she was, yelling out slutty words as she slammed her body against his dick, not even caring that Trisha was still there, watching. 

 Absentmindedly, one of Trisha's hands pressed through the fabric of her jeans, against her crotch, and the cheerleader gasped as she realized that she was soaking wet. It was wrong, it was so wrong, but…watching them fuck had turned her on. Just like my fantasy…she said to herself, over and over, and her pussy was aching now, wet and tender, desperately crying out to be touched. 

 Britney had raised her head, and Trisha could see now that her eyes were closed, her mouth slackened and open as she moaned her pleasure, her body powering into Mr. Braun's hips, her pussy swollen and filled with Mr. Braun's shaft. Trisha's hand snuck to the zipper of her jeans, and without even thinking, the cheerleader undid the button and yanked the zipper down. Now, she slipped her hand down her jeans, under her panties, her body flushing with anticipation as her fingertips slowly snaked down the smooth skin of her crotch. Ohh…ohh…right…there! 

 Trisha's entire body went rigid as her fingers parted her wet pussy lips, gently massaging them. Standing off to the side against the lockers, Trisha now slightly spread her legs, burying her hand deeper into her panties, kneading her eager flesh. She was barely even aware of what she was doing; all she could think about was Britney and Mr. Braun, and the way they so closely matched her wildest fantasies, and the eager, unquenchable fire that was slowly spreading through her pussy. 

 And so Trisha didn't notice when Britney, panting and red in the face, turned her head to see the JV cheerleader standing to the side, her eyes glazed, her legs spread and stiff, her hand gently grinding against her crotch. Mr. Braun had forgotten about Trisha now; he was focused only on plunging into Britney's soft, tender twat. But Britney carefully watched, with a curious glint in her eyes, as Trisha continued to gently rock and moan 

 Trisha's eyes were closed now, and although she was still listening to Britney's squeals and the loud slapsof their fucking, she was off in her own world. She was biting down gently on her lower lip, her hand working away at her own pussy. Her face was overcome with pleasure, but it was mixed with a kind of tense reluctance. Britney recognized it immediately; Trisha was ashamed of it, and she resisted it, but in the end, the girl couldn't help but give in to her own desperate horniness. The head cheerleader grinned and watched Trisha timidly masturbate only for a moment longer. Then, she turned her head back to Mr. Braun and let out a scream, even louder than before. 

 "Come on, baby! I want your cum! Cum for me, baby!" 

 Trisha's eyes flew open, and she saw them still bucking furiously, Britney's entire body bent and rigid as she plowed herself into Mr. Braun. Britney's words raced through her, exciting and thrilling her, and her fingers dug deeper into her own twat, kneading into her aching flesh. Her screams just grew louder…is she about to cum? 

 Just then, Trisha thought she caught a flicker in Britney's eyes; the head cheerleader had glanced over at her. Did she just…look at me?Trisha's mouth widened in shock. She was acutely aware of what she was doing, now that someone else's attention was focused on her, but it didn't even matter; she couldn't stand it any longer. Her pussy was drenched and aching, and she plowed her hand even further into her panties. Her fingers were slippery with her wetness, sliding up and down and across the ridges of her twat, burrowing into the soft, tender crease of her cunt, sending tiny shockwaves of pleasure racing through her body. For an instant, each wave seemed to relax her body, to free her from the desperate, wild lust she felt radiating through her. But the next instant, the need, the ache, it all returned, and Trisha could only rub her hand even harder against her soaked pussy. 

 "Oh FUCK yeah! Pound that pussy! Pound it hard!" Britney was screaming so loud now, her frenzied voice echoing across the rows of lockers, her chest heaving. Incredibly, she sped up her wild bucking, throwing her body back and forth, plowing her dripping twat against Mr. Braun's dick. Her hair and her tits flailed, and Trisha thought she saw, once more, the head cheerleader's eyes flicker over in her direction. It was almost as if Britney was gauging Trisha's reactions, as if she was putting on a show for Trisha's benefit. 

 "YEAH! FUCK ME!" Britney kept screaming, and as she thrashed and fucked, she reached a hand backwards, and with a stinging SMACK,spanked her own ass, her fingers spread wide, clutching at her own jiggling buttcheek. She did it one more time: SMACK!Already, Trisha could see the bright red handprint forming on the head cheerleader's ass. For some reason, Britney's move turned on her on even more, and the JV cheerleader couldn't help digging her other hand down her panties, fitting a second set of fingers among the first, this time gently tweaking the swollen button of her clit. She was breathing hard now, as she watched. Britney's entire body was sharply arched and her ass was still stuck out, powering into Mr. Braun's dick as she continued to spank herself. Mr. Braun was now drenched in sweat, and from the crazed look on his face, he wouldn't last much longer against Britney's wild fucking. 

 SMACK!Another hard spank. "Come on, buddy! FUCK me!" SMACK! "Fuck that tight little pussy!" 

 SMACK!"Ughhh…okay...I'm gonna…oh God…" 

 Just as with Trisha, Mr. Braun pistoned his hips deep into Britney's, burying his throbbing dick in her twat, ready to shoot his load deep inside of her. His hands were tight on her now-bright red ass. But the head cheerleader was faster than him. She wriggled out of his grasp, and leaned her body forward at the same time as she reached back and grabbed his exposed cock with one hand. Mr. Braun didn't even have time to be shocked, because his climax had already started. As Britney jacked him off, his cum shot forth, flying through the air and splattering across Britney's swollen ass, gooey white against bright, fleshy red. His seed kept coming, spurting as his cock throbbed, thick ropes of cum that stretched across the entire globe of Britney's butt, slowly beginning to dribble down the backs of her thighs. Finally, when Mr. Braun seemed to be out of cum, Britney gently squeezed the tip of his dick with her thumb and her forefinger, milking it, wiping the extra cum off and catching it in her fingertips. Then, she raised her arm back up in the air. 

 SMACK!Once more, Britney spanked herself. This time, though, the sound was not only hard and snapping; it included a wet squelch,as the head cheerleader's hand slapped the cum that was coating her. Trisha's eyes widened as she stared. Britney raised her hand for another spank, and Trisha could see that her teacher's seed had been splattered all over Britney's backside; what were once fat lines of spunk were now a sticky, gooey mess. Again, with a wet SMACK,Britney spanked herself, and this time, she smeared her hand across her bright red ass, spreading the white spunk everywhere. Some of it stuck to her fingertips as she caressed her hoisted butt; more of it dribbled down her generous curves, coating her in a thin, glistening film of cum. 

 Trisha didn't even know it, but both of her hands were working furiously now as she watched, one rubbing frenziedly at her pussy lips, sliding the fingertips in and out of her tender twat, the other massaging her clit with equal fervor, back and forth and up and down. As one, her entire body was straining against the pleasure radiating through her pussy; her legs and arms were painfully rigid, her feet sharply curved as she raised herself onto her tip-toes. She was panting now, slack-jawed, as she watched Britney oil her ass with Mr. Braun's seed. Wow… 

 Trisha glanced at Britney's face; she wanted to see the head cheerleader's expression as she played with Mr. Braun's juices. But she received a huge shock. Britney was starting right at her; her eyes focused on her body as she masturbated, her face fixed in a curious, slightly amused expression. For a long moment, the two cheerleaders were frozen, watching each other, Trisha's hands still buried in her panties, Britney's hands still caressing her cum- coated butt. Finally, Trisha tore her eyes away, and though she kept her fingertips buried in her soaked pussy, she stopped her frantic rubbing. At last, her shame seemed to have risen once more, overtaking her lust. 

 Britney stood up then, and her gorgeous, flushed body stretched out in front of Trisha as she walked forward. Her ass was still bright red and glistening with Mr. Braun's seed. The head cheerleader stopped in front of Trisha, looking down at her, still looking partially curious and partially amused. Finally, she licked her lips, grinned, and leaned down to whisper. 

 "You're pretty hard to read, Trisha. You're not what I expected." 

 Trisha blinked at her. She doesn't understand why I would try to get out of having sex with Mr. Braun, and then would get off at watching him fuck someone else.She opened her mouth to respond, but nothing came out. Come to think of it…why DID I get off watching them have sex? 

 But she didn't have time to come up with an answer. Mr. Braun, who had sank to the floor of the locker room in his exhaustion, had suddenly stood up, his finger to his lips. 

 "Did you hear that?" he whispered. The three of them froze where they were, listening intently. After a moment, Trisha heard it. Footsteps. They were faint and distant, but they were unmistakable. 

 "Someone's coming!" she gasped, softly. Britney quickly shushed her. 

 A voice called out. "Hello? Is someone here?" It was the principal! 

 "Shit!" Britney whispered, and in a blur, she had disappeared around the corner, grabbing the camera off the bench and sprinting into one of the locker room's bathroom stalls. She was distinctly unconcerned with her clothes and dildo on the floor, but for some reason, she didn't want to be seen with the camera. 

 More footsteps. "Hello? I thought I heard something." 

 Still in shock, still with both hands buried in her jeans, Trisha turned to see Mr. Braun wrenching open the window, climbing through it with surprising agility. 

 "Wait, Mr…." 

 "Trisha!" The principal was standing at the end of the aisle, looking completely shocked. He could still see the figure of Mr. Braun, but the teacher was facing away from him, running across the field, fleeing the scene. Britney had also hidden herself well, and so it was only Trisha, alone, her jeans still unbuttoned, standing in the middle of the scene. The two piles of clothes and the fat, long sex toy on the floor were unmistakable. 

 "Principal Johnson, I…I…" 

 "Trisha, I…I can't believe this! That man…you and…he were…" 

 "Principal, no…please…" 

 "Let's go, Trisha. Right now. Put your clothes on. We're going to my office." 

 Trisha obeyed him, her lip trembling, her entire body weak with terror. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a flicker of feet moving behind one of the bathroom stall doors. She could tell the principal, she realized. Britney was trapped in one of the stalls, she could rat her out, get them both into trouble. But could she really do that, after Britney had helped her out? 

 "Well, Trisha? What are you waiting for? 

 Trisha looked up. "…No…n-nothing, Principal Johnson. I'm sorry." She hastily buttoned up her jeans, and followed the principal out of the locker room, without a word. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 05 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 Trisha sat quietly in the chair across from the principal, frozen with fear. What was going to happen to her? To be caught in the boys' locker room like that…and by the principal! She hadn't even been having sex &ndash; it was only Britney and Mr. Braun &ndash; but it didn't matter. Principal Johnson was a huge man, strong and imposing, and with a mean-looking face; he was well-suited for his job. He was always intimidating to most of the students, and the cheerleader was no exception. Right now he was sitting across from Trisha, staring straight at her, his hands resting on his desk. Oh God…will he force me to tell him the entire thing? What I've been doing with Mr. Braun? That I did it all to get a good grade?She trembled slightly, clutching her hands together. 

 "Trisha, this is a very big deal. I can't believe that I caught you doing something like this. You don't seem like that kind of a girl." 

 Trisha hung her head. "I…I know. I just…" 

 "You're a good student, you work very hard. Everyone on the cheerleading squad seems to like you. Trisha, I would have thought that you were a very good girl." 

 Trisha tried to protest. "Please, Principal…I just-" But she didn't know what to say. She couldn't tell him why they were in the locker room; she couldn't tell him that she had been having sex with Mr. Braun. After that, what was left? 

 "Evidently, you are not a very good girl." 

 Trisha couldn't think of anything to say, so she kept still, her face red with shame. 

 "I think it goes without saying that you will be punished for what I've caught you doing. Can you think of an appropriate punishment for what you did? Hmm?" 

 The cheerleader looked up at the principal. He was still staring straight at her. 

 "Umm…I don't…know." 

 "Well, speak up. Suggest something." 

 "I could…umm…I could go to detention, I guess." 

 The principal quickly shook his head, and barked out a laugh, making the cheerleader jump in her chair. "Trisha, detention is for the students who run in the hallways, or who talk during study hall. Detention is something very normal for a student, and what you did is clearly not normal." He fixed his gaze on her again, and Trisha thought for a moment that there was something strange about his look. 

 "Well…um…I...mean…you could suspend me?" Trisha was too scared and frazzled to think of anything else to say. He won't stop staring at me…he must be really mad. What is he going to do to me…? 

 "Suspension isn't enough, Trisha." He shook his head a second time, still staring at her, and the frightened cheerleader winced. "You must understand that what you did is very, very wrong. You are going to have to be appropriately punished. We should come up with a proper punishment for what you did, don't you think?" 

 "Umm…okay." Trisha looked down at her lap. Her T-shirt was a bit wrinkled, her jeans hastily buttoned. Even as she looked down, Trisha could feel the principal's eyes on her, blazing right at her. Suddenly, Trisha began to feel uncomfortable. Principal Johnson wouldn't stop staring at her…what is he thinking about…?She risked a glance up at the principal and saw that his gaze was still fixed on her, but now it was starting to lower, directed at her body and not her face. There was definitely something strange about it. Instinctively, the cheerleader straightened out her blouse, pulling it down and making sure it covered her midriff. She crossed her legs, too, very tightly, and looked up just in time to see the principal's gaze following her legs as they moved. 

 "Maybe…I should be suspended for longer, I guess…" Her voice was strained now, and slightly desperate. 

 Principal Johnson stood up, and then, for the first time, Trisha saw it. That strange glint in his eyes, it was animalistic, carnal. A glint of evil. 

 "No, no, darling. You're still not understanding. I caught you having sex in the locker room. You need a proper punishment for that." 

 Trisha looked up at him with a confused look on her face, but she was starting to realize what he wanted. She saw the look again in his eyes; a desire to take her, to fuck this young girl, who he probably thought was just the regular high school slut. He thought he had seen her having sex with another teacher, and now he felt entitled to the same service. Involuntarily, Trisha's hands went to her lap, as if they could somehow shield her from Principal Johnson's lust. Desperately, she continued to feign innocence. "What…what do you mean, Principal Johnson?" 

 "What, Trisha, you're still not getting the idea?" 

 Trisha swallowed, hard. No…I get the idea more than you know… 

 "I want you to fuck me liked you fucked Mr. Braun." 

 Trisha gasped. He knew it was Mr. Braun?" 

 "Yes, dear, that's right. I saw you. Both of you. I saw what a little slut you are. And I want you to ride up and down on my dick and tell me how much you love it. I want you to act like the dirty little slut you are." 

 Trisha looked up in horror at his words. Half of her was rife with indignation and anger at his words &ndash; she wasn't a slut! Not like Britney, anyway. Mr. Braun forced me into it!But the other half of her was overcome with horror. Principal Johnson was such a powerful man, and he could easily force himself upon her. She shivered in fear at the thought; it was as if her entire body was radiating with terror. Frazzled, she tried to think of the best way to call for help, but the principal seemed to read her mind. 

 "The door is locked, Trisha. And the secretary is away on an errand. She's the only one that could hear you." 

 Trisha shivered again. "Principal Johnson, I-I'm…I'm not that kind of girl. I just…you have the wrong idea." 

 Principal Johnson barked out a laugh. "The wrong idea? Who are you trying to fool, Trisha, me or you?" The principal was massaging his crotch now, eyeing the young cheerleading up and down with hungry eyes. "Out of nowhere, your grades in Mr. Braun's class start shooting up. I figured you were just trying harder, but I should have known better, shouldn't I? You were really just fucking him in the boys' locker room this entire time. Don't try to convince me, Trisha. I know what a slut you are." 

 "No…no, that's not true…" Trisha closed her eyes and fiercely shook her head, but the words pierced through her like a knife. Feelings of fear, desperation, and humiliation bubbled up inside her, growing until she felt like she would burst. "Please, Principal Johnson…" 

 "No pleading. I've already made my decision. This is your punishment. This is the punishment of a slut." 

 Trisha shuddered at the word. Is he right? Am I a slut? Am I as bad as Britney?"Please, Professor…I don't… I don't want to." Why is he doing this to me? 

 "All right, Trisha, that's enough. Get up." Principal Johnson was apparently getting impatient. He walked around the desk to her chair, standing next to her, waiting for her to obey. 

 Terrified, Trisha found herself glued to the seat, unable to move, her trembling hands clutching the edge of her chair. This was so different than the first time with Mr. Braun; he had been so hesitant, and it had been Trisha who finally had to make the move. But Principal Johnson was so frightening, demanding sex from her, insulting her, threatening her. She looked up at him. "Principal, please...I'm not that kind of girl! I just want to be treated like everyone else." 

 "Trisha, I told you to get up. Take off your jeans. I won't ask again." 

 "Please, Principal…please just let me &ndash;" 

 "I said GET UP!" With frightening power and speed, Principal Johnson seized Trisha by the arm and yanked her to her feet. The petite cheerleader squealed in terror as he grabbed her around the waist, squeezing her tender flesh, handling her like a weightless doll. His powerful hands turned her towards his desk and shoved her body against it, her hips painfully colliding with the front edge of his desk. Trisha let out another cry of fear and pain as Principal Johnson shoved her face down, forcing her to bend over the desk at the waist, leaving her butt shamefully vulnerable to him. The cheerleader's hair spilled out across his computer's keyboard. Her hands desperately clawed at the air as she tried to free herself, but he had one hand firmly planted between her shoulders, pinning her. Grinning to himself, he slid his free hand up the side of one of her slender, trembling thighs. 

 "Oooh…You've got such a tight body, Trisha." 

 "Please, don't…please…" Trisha struggled, trying to wriggle her upper body out from under him. She kicked her legs away from his hand, but he grabbed them and held them still. Trisha let out a loud whimper as Principal Johnson positioned himself behind her, feeling the rub of his bulging crotch against the seat of her jeans. Then, she felt his hand fumbling around her waist, trying to reach the zipper of her jeans. Whimpering, Trisha desperately twisted away from his grasp, but he grabbed the waistband of her pants and pulled her back towards him. 

 With a single motion, he snatched the button of her jeans and ripped hard, and the cheerleader winced at the snap as it popped off. Still pinned to the desk, she could only struggle and kick as he began to tug her jeans down to her knees. She felt his hand slide up her bare legs and under the globes of her exposed ass, and she shuddered in fear and disgust. Why is this happening? How could he treat her like this?Her head spun as she desperately struggled. She had gone to the boys' locker room to get out of having sex with Mr. Braun…now she was about to be raped by Principal Johnson. No!She kept begging. 

 "Please, Principal, I want to leave!" 

 "Shut up, Trisha." The hand kept squeezing, massaging her tender ass. 

 "No, no…please…" 

 "Shut UP you BITCH!" The hand slid out from under her legs, and a later, Trisha felt it grab a large handful of her hair. She yelped loudly in pain as her head was yanked up, the rest of her body still pinned. She felt Professor Johnson's mouth inches from her ear. 

 "You shut your mouth, you god damn whore, you got that? You're going to take it like a good little slut. Don't fucking ask me to stop again. Do you understand?" 

 Trisha burst into tears, her cries of pain becoming sobs of humiliation. This is really going to happen,she realized. Principal Johnson was not a man, he was an animal, and to him Trisha was just a body to be fucked, just a pleasurable hole to be pounded with his dick. Her lips trembled, and she let out another frightened yelp as Principal Johnson viciously shoved her head back down onto the desk. Whimpering and sobbing, the cheerleader let her head sag, and she closed her eyes and grimaced as she felt his hand at her ass once more, slipping beneath the top of her panties. He forcefully yanked them down to her knees along with her pants, exposing her pink, tender twat. Now her legs were pinned together, and she could only squirm her waist back and forth. 

 "Mmm…this looks so hot and tight. I'm gonna enjoy stretching you out, darling." 

 Trisha twisted at his words, but to no avail. Principal Johnson had her trapped, the weight of his body pressing her against the desk, forcing her to bend over for him. He slipped a finger of his free hand into her light pink twat, feeling the soft flesh. As her cunt slowly slid open to accept him, the cheerleader's entire body trembled with shame. 

 "Please, Principal…please…" Trisha kept sobbing, but now her voice was different; softer, and more distant. She had stopped struggling too, for the most part; her legs still twitched away from his touch, but that was it. Johnson chuckled. The girl had given up. She knew that this was going to happen; she had resigned to him fucking her. He let the hand on her back slide up and down her smooth skin, savoring the feel of her. Plunging his finger in and out of her warm, tender twat, he leaned down to whisper to the trembling girl. 

 "Yes, that's it, Trisha. You just lie still and let me pound you like a good little slut. That's a good girl, no more fighting it. This is what you want, isn't it?" 

 Trisha shook her head slightly, tears dribbling down her cheeks, pooling on the surface of the Principal's desk. "No, I'm not...please…" 

 "Shh, Trisha. Be a good slut and let Principal Johnson give you his punishment." His finger was speeding up, fucking her cunt, sliding in and out again. Trisha felt the knuckles of his hand press up against the lips of her open twat, and couldn't help but recoil away from them as best as she could, pressing her body into the desk. She clenched her teary eyes shut. 

 "Mmm…what a soft little pussy." 

 Trisha continued to sob, silently now, her body quivering. She felt every thrust of that terrible finger, rubbing against her love canal, thick and invading. 

 She felt Principal Johnson's weight shift slightly, and opened her eyes. He was reaching over her, opening a drawer of the desk. Bent over her principal's desk, pinned by his weight, being finger-fucked, the cheerleader watched in horror as he pulled out a small bottle of lotion. Lube…he's lubing himself up.The realization finally crashed home. Oh my god.The fear rose again in Trisha's chest, bubbling into her throat. He's really going to fuck me. He really is. 

 And all of a sudden, her desperation came back to her. This time, she fought even harder, her body bucking against the weight of his hand, her legs kicking backwards, her head thrashing back and forth. The hand on her back pushed down hard, and it was painful, but she fought back, wriggling back and forth, trying to wrench herself free in any way possible. 

 "No! No, no! Please, no!" 

 She struggled with all her might, her entire body whipping one way and then the other. But Principal Johnson was stronger than her; he was still holding her down with just one hand. He's so strong…Trisha thought desperately, but she wouldn't let this happen! Then, all of a sudden, she heard a laugh behind her. 

 "You stupid little slut! You think you can get away?" 

 "Please, stop! I don't want to!" 

 "You know you do, you slut. Just shut up and take it." 

 The finger slid out of her twat, and there was the sound of a fly unzipping. Trisha realized he was lubing himself up. With all her might, she gave one final buck, and for a moment, she felt the force of his hand disappear. She was free! But then his hand was back, slamming her into the desk, harder this time, and just like that, all of Trisha's strength melted away. It was replaced by tears, flowing down her face, red from her desperate effort. Her hair was a mess, her body sweaty and slick from struggling. But the cheerleader could do nothing but lie on the desk, sobbing loudly, trembling in fear as she waited. 

 Principal Johnson smiled. "Good girl, Trisha. Just take it like the good little whore you are." 

 "I'm not…I'm not a whore! I'm…" 

 But Trisha never got to finish the protest. For at that moment, Trisha felt something large and powerful pressed up against the lips of her twat. It was hot and smooth, throbbing. She could do nothing but gasp and clutch the desk with her hands. No! No! 

 "Oh…shit that's a tight little pussy. So tight for a slut." 

 Trisha let out a soft squeal. Principal Johnson's dick was absolutely huge, and if he had lubed up with any lotion, she couldn't tell &ndash; it felt like it was ripping her tiny body apart. She clenched her teeth and eyes shut as she felt his cock begin to push into her unwilling cunt. 

 "Holy shit!" Principal Johnson let out a low groan, and continued to push. Trisha's legs twitched involuntarily as she felt him force himself deeper inside of her. 

 "Ow…ow…" the cheerleader's moans came through her clenched teeth, soft and desperate. 

 "Yeah…yeah…" 

 He kept pushing, deeper and deeper, each inch more painful. He was tearing into her, shredding her tender pussy, splitting her in two with his meat. Each tiny thrust made the pain even worse. 

 "Oww….oww…" 

 An evil grin crept across the principal's face, out of nowhere. Trisha's eyes were closed, and Principal Johnson's hand was still forcing her down onto the desk. Maybe if she had seen that grin, she would have known what was about to happen, but all the cheerleader could do was lie resigned against the desk, whimpering softly. And so she wasn't ready for what was about to happen, until… 

 "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHRGHH!!!!!" 

 With one vicious buck, Principal Johnson had thrust the entire length of his shaft into the cheerleader's tiny pussy, and Trisha's scream of pain ripped through her throat, reverberating throughout the room. She kept screaming, feeling his entire shaft plunged inside of her, tearing into her body. Every other thought in her mind was gone now, and she felt only the pain of his meat, stabbing into her unwilling flesh. 

 "ARRRGH….AAHHHHH!!!" 

 Johnson kept his dick inside of the cheerleader for a couple seconds, relishing the feeling of it; her teenage twat clenched around his dick, her body twitching uncontrollably in pain, his balls pressed against her swollen pussy lips. He slid out for moment, then back in. It was such a wonderful sight, this hot teenage cheerleader bent over his desk, her jeans and her panties around her knees, her body pinned down for him to take. Slowly, he began to fuck her. 

 "Ahhh! Owwww!!!" 

 He was going steadily now, in and out, groaning. Her unwilling twat was clamping down on his dick, trying to accommodate this invader. Trisha's entire body was flushed with the effort of accepting him, and she continued to squirm as he plunged deep into her swollen canal. 

 "God, Trisha, you're so fucking tight." 

 The cheerleader continued to cry out in pain as Principal Johnson pistoned in and out of her. With powerful strokes, he slammed against her swollen twat, his cock stretching her flesh, the weight of his hips painfully pressing against her slender body. In her terror and shame, the cheerleader could still feel every inch of his tool, ramming in and out of her swollen pussy, punishing her, forcing itself onto her tender flesh. She whimpered and cried, but he didn't stop. Instead, his thrusts grew faster, and deeper, long and hard, plowing his full length inside her, pounding her with such force that her entire trembling body would be rocked forward. Then he would pull most of the way out, and her body would begin to relax, but the next thrust would slam her back against the desk. Pens and pencils rolled off the table and the desk creaked and groaned with the weight of Professor Johnson's ferocious assault on Trisha's pussy. Exhausted and defeated, the cheerleader could fight no more. She rested her body against the hard wood of the desk, feeling the painful edge jut into her hips as Principal Johnson continued to slam her body against it. One final, painful cry ripped out of her. 

 "PLEASE! Ohhh…it hurts so much!" 

 And then, suddenly, he stopped. His dick was plunged deep inside of her, so deep she could feel it throbbing, thick and pressed into her violated twat. But he had stopped thrusting. What is going on?The desperate cries disappeared from Trisha's throat, and she raised her head and turned to look at him. The principal's face was red and sweaty, but his eyes were still greedy, and he was staring straight at her. 

 "Talk dirty, Trisha." 

 Trisha only stared back, silent, partially in shock. 

 "Tell me how much you like it, you slut. Tell me you like my dick in your pussy. You'll get wetter that way, you know. Tell me how much you want me to fuck your brains out." Slowly, he was thrusting again, in and out, his painful rod punishing her tender body. Trisha closed her eyes and rested her head back down against the desk. No way, you asshole. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 05 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Did you hear what I said?" His voice as strained and angry, and he was fucking her again, with the same deep, hard thrusts. Trisha stayed quiet, clamping her lips shut, still feeling the pain of each thrust. She ignored his question. No way! 

 "I TOLD you to talk dirty!" He grabbed her hair and yanked her up again, prompting another squeal of pain. Pain shot through her neck and her back as she was pulled upwards, and all of a sudden, without even thinking, the words began to spew out of the cheerleader's mouth. 

 "Yes! Yes! Fuck me, Principal Johnson! Fuck me hard!" 

 "Oh yeah!" The principal let go, obviously satisfied, and Trisha's head collapsed back down on the desk, still yelling and shouting. 

 "Fuck that pussy! Fuck my tight little pussy!" 

 Trisha closed her eyes as the slutty words flowed out of her lips. She knew why she was saying it; it was to end the pain, and as fast as possible. If she did what he wanted, he wouldn't pull her hair anymore, he would fuck her faster, he would cum more quickly. But…why is it so easy for me to say these slutty things?She winced as the principal's hands gripped tightly on her slender hips, and she felt him lean over her body once more. Oh God…it doesn't even matter! Just say whatever he wants! Just get him to cum as fast as possible! 

 "You like my dick, you bitch? You like it, you little whore?" Principal Johnson's voice was strained and breathless. 

 "Yes, yes! Ohh, I love your dick, Principal! I love it fucking in and out of me! Don't stop! Keep pounding that pussy!" 

 And he did. With both hands, Principal Johnson grabbed each of Trisha's asscheeks, and his thrusts suddenly became harder than ever, pumping his entire length in and out of her painful, swollen cunt. His dick ripped into her, and Trisha clenched her eyes in pain. It felt like it was about to press against her kidneys, he was so deep, plunging into her, demolishing her pussy. His groans were louder now, and his hands clenched down harder on her ass, forcing her to rock back towards him, taking her with each hard thrust. The sound of his balls slapping against her pussy rang through the room, so fast now, drowned out only by his loud groans, and Trisha's desperate cries, egging him on, encouraging him to pound into her. She thought of the same things that Britney had shouted at Mr. Braun in the locker room, while she had been watching, so dirty and slutty, so arousing. I can do that too…she thought desperately to herself. I can do that…just let it be over! 

 "Oh my God, yes!" Trisha cried out, her eyes squeezed shut in pain. "Oh, you're so fucking big, Principal!" 

 "Does it feel good, you slut? Does it feel good?" 

 "Yes! Ohh fuck yes, it feels so good! God, I love it! Fuck me! Fuck me!" 

 The flesh on Trisha's ass wiggled back and forth with each thrust. Her hair flopped across the desk, a complete mess. The principal's hands were tightly buried in her ass, his dick powering in and out of her cunt, stretching it, ripping it, splitting her open only for him to plunge even deeper. But for some reason, Trisha's shouting seemed to ease the pain for her; his cock in her pussy was no longer as painful. 

 "Yeah! You hot little slut! You're such a little slut, aren't you Trisha? Aren't you?" 

 "YES!" Trisha's entire body was being rocked back and forth by his fucking, but she raised her head and screamed out her reply for him to hear. "Yes, I'm just a dirty little slut! I'm your little slut, Principal, all I want is for you to fuck me! Fuck me like I deserve!" 

 His hands continued to shove her ass back and forth, in rhythm with his vigorous thrusts. The desk was squeaking against the floor &ndash; it was sliding with the force of his pounding, now, and Trisha suddenly realized that her feet weren't even resting on the floor; they were sliding along with the desk. The entire weight of her body was pressed against the desk, pinned by his powerful hands and his pistoning cock. 

 "Tell me, Trisha! Tell me how much of a slut you are!" 

 "YES, Principal! I'm such a slutty little whore, Principal! I want your cock so bad! Fuck that little whore pussy!" 

 "Yeah, yeah, Trisha! Tell me!" 

 "I'm such a slut, Principal! I've been fucking Mr. Braun just to get a good grade! I fucked him, and I sucked his cock, just so I wouldn't fail a test!" 

 The desk rocked back and forth, drawers clattering in their slots, papers scattering everywhere, pencils and paper clips dropping to the floor. The cheerleader was jolted with the motion, her legs swinging back and forth, her violated body tightly jammed against the hard wood. 

 "Fuck yeah, you dirty little whore! You nasty girl! Tell me!" 

 'I came on his cock, Principal! I didn't want to, but it was so good, fucking me, and I came! I came on his cock! And then…and then I took him to the locker room, where he could fuck me again!" 

 "Yeah, yeah, Trisha! Ohhhh Goddd!" She could feel his dick throbbing inside her swollen, shredded pussy. He was close. Let him finish…please God…let him finish… 

 "Yes, Principal! Cum inside me! Shoot that load into my little slut pussy! Just like Mr. Braun! I'm a slut, and I want your cum so bad!!" 

 "UGHHH!" Principal Johnson's final thrust was hard, powering forward and up, so strong that the front two legs of the desk were lifted off the ground for a second, and Trisha's body was lifted with it, her feet dangling, her swollen pussy filled to the brim with his cock. The desk made a loud, rattling slam as it came back down, and the cheerleader's entire body shuddered with the impact. She felt Principal Johnson's cock throb and twitch inside her as he began to climax. The cum was warm inside her pussy, and it flooded through her. His dick continued to pulsate with each spurt, and she could feel every single drop, shooting up through his balls and his shaft and into her tiny twat. She felt something warm on her pussy lips and realized that the cum was overflowing, dribbling out of her twat. With a loud, wet squelch, Principal Johnson fully plunged his dick in and out of her pussy one more time, and then, finally, he pulled out of her. 

 Trisha felt his hands lift up from her ass. But the cheerleader laid still against the desk, silent now, feeling the cum spill out of her pussy, dribbling down her crotch and onto her thighs. Her eyes were still closed, and her body was still trembling slightly. She couldn't move. It was over now; she had made him cum. She had encouraged him, begged him to fuck her just like Britney had done only an hour earlier, begged him to take her against her will and to cum inside her unprotected pussy. Now she was free, but she couldn't move. She heard a sound, and looked up to see that Principal Johnson had collapsed, sweaty and exhausted, in his desk chair. 

 "That's a good girl, Trisha," he gasped. "You can go home now." 

 Slowly, Trisha found the strength to stand up. She felt as if something should be incredibly different now, that her body should not be the same, but it was. It was strange, how having sex with Mr. Braun and Principal Johnson was so similar, and yet they were totally different. Why was it so horrible this time? What happened?Slowly, carefully, in complete silence, Trisha ran a hand through her tousled, messy hair, and straightened out her blouse. She paused for a moment to massage her hips, painful and red from being shoved against the desk. Then, she gently took hold of her panties and her jeans, still bunched up around her knees, and slid them delicately back up, over her waist. She could feel the fabric of her panties grow damp with Principal Johnson's abundant cum as she turned to walk away, without a word. Should she yell at him? Should she scream for help? She didn't know, so she didn't say anything, but walked to the door, took one last moment to make sure she looked decent, and then opened it to leave. 

 "I'm glad you took your punishment so well, Trisha." 

 The cheerleader closed her eyes in shame as she closed his door. When she opened them, she saw the secretary, sitting at her desk, staring at her. He lied! She was there the whole time, but from the look on her face, she hadn't heard anything. How was that possible? 

 "Is anything wrong, dearie?" The secretary was smiling at her. 

 Trisha paused, then shook her head. "No, thank you." She started out walking briskly, but in a moment quickly broke into a run as she fled from his office. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 06 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 FYI: This is the 6th chapter in the story Good Girl vs. Slut. Some of this chapter refers to past events...if it gets confusing, read the other chapters! =) 

 *** 

 "Trisha...Trisha, wait!" 

 Barely seconds after practice ended, Trisha burst through the doors of the locker room, her head down, close to tears. Mandy was half a step behind her. The rest of the squad filed slowly behind. 

 "Trisha...it's okay...it's not a big deal!" 

 Trisha shook her head as she reached her locker and wrenched it open. She had barely managed it through the day, memories of her encounter with Principal Johnson still fresh, avoiding Mr. Braun at every turn, barely even able to concentrate on her work. Now, she had tripped and fumbled her way through cheerleading practice, so badly that the coach had ended it early. 

 "God...I'm so terrible at this...I should just quit." 

 "Trisha!" Mandy affectionately patted her shoulder. "Don't say that! Come on, you usually nail this routine perfectly! I'm being serious," she added, as Trisha gave her a doubtful look. "you normally do just fine! Today was just a bad day, everyone has them! Cheer up!" 

 Trisha unzipped her cheerleader's blouse and pulled it off, then did the same with her sports bra. Her breasts jiggled to attention as she bent over and pulled her gym bag out of her locker. Mandy kept talking. 

 "Trisha, it'll be okay! I promise!" 

 Trisha took her bra and her bright green tank top out of her locker, and threw both of them on. Finally, she turned to face her friend, and offered a smile. "Yeah...I...I guess. Thanks, Mandy." Mandy is so sweet...and she's such a good friend. But...if only I could tell her what was really on my mind.Mandy gave her a smile and turned to her own locker. Trisha wriggled her slender hips back and forth as she gently tugged her cheerleaders' miniskirt down to her ankles, stepping delicately out of them and putting them in her locker. She pulled another skirt out of her bag, a long, light blue one, and tugged it over her petite legs. She shut her locker and grabbed her bag, turning back to Mandy. 

 "Hey, Trisha...can I ask you something?" They were walking out of the locker room now, into the gym parking lot. 

 "Sure. What's up?" 

 "Well..." Mandy nervously fingered the belt loop of her jeans. "It's just...you've just seemed really distant or something these last couple weeks. Is everything okay?" 

 "Oh..." Trisha stopped to face her friend. "Um..." 

 "I mean...you can tell me anything, Trisha. I just...I just wanted to make sure you're okay." 

 Trisha's heart did a somersault. She wanted to hug her friend, to thank her a thousand times for being so sweet and supportive, for looking so worried. She wanted to tell Mandy everything. But she couldn't. I'm...I'm sorry Mandy. I just can't deal with you disapproving of me... 

 Trisha tried to come up with a good excuse. "Well...I mean, I've been getting really worried about college. Just cause I really want to go to a good school, but I can't afford it unless I get a good scholarship, and...well...I just don't think I have the grades for it." She looked at her feet in shame. I can't believe I'm lying to her like this... but I've got no choice! 

 Mandy gave her another hug. "Oh, Trisha. Everything will be fine! You'll find something! You're so smart, I'm sure you'll get into a good school." 

 Trisha smiled. "Yeah...thanks. I hope so." 

 "I'm sure you will!" Mandy returned the smile. "Well...see you tomorrow. Don't worry so much, okay?" 

 "Okay...thanks, Mandy. See ya." She waved at her friend and started to walk to her car. As soon as Mandy was out of sight, the tears that had been welling for so long in Trisha's eyes finally came forth. Dealing with Mr. Braun and Principal Johnson was hard enough, but now she was lying about it to her best friend. She silently sobbed, wiping her eyes as she walked. She sped up into a quick trot now, desperate to get to her car. Finally, she reached it, and was fumbling in her purse when she heard a voice behind her, making her jump. 

 "Everything okay, girl?" 

 It was Britney. She was leaning against the car next to Trisha's, watching with a casual look. 

 "Umm...hi, Britney. Everything's fine, thanks." Trisha began to fish for her keys again. 

 "What, that's it? Just 'Hi, Britney?' Shit, Trisha. I let you watch me fuck a teacher, and that's all I get? That's cold!" Trisha looked up to see Britney smiling at her joke. The head cheerleader was wearing a typical outfit for her – a miniskirt and tube top. The skirt was short, checkered red-and-black and pleated. Her legs were also clad in a sheer white pair of stockings; the sexy schoolgirl. The tube top was tight and black, and tied up around the middle, exposing a good portion of Britney's taut, curved midriff. Her double-D breasts bulged out of the top of her shirt, straining to get free of the tight fabric, and her beach blonde hair fell down to her chest, framing it perfectly. She was also wearing a pair of black stiletto heels, and Trisha recognized them – they were at the mall, and she had thought about buying them a few weeks ago, but had decided not to because she didn't think she could pull off the look. Britney definitely can,Trisha thought. Out of nowhere, a twinge of envy slid through her. 

 "No, it's not that, Britney..." 

 "Oh, I get it. You don't want to be seen with me. You don't want to be seen with the class slut. I get it." Britney was still smiling, but Trisha couldn't tell if she was joking. That wasn't true, really. After all, no one would have confused them. There was Britney, with a porn star's body, with a miniskirt so short that her ass almost stuck out the bottom. And then there was Trisha, petite and cute, pretty but prim, decently clad in a skirt and a tank top. 

 "No, it's really not that, I'm just..." 

 "Forget it." Britney shrugged. "I like what I am. If you don't, fuck off." She started to walk away, her heels clacking against the parking lot's pavement. 

 "Britney..." Trisha hung her head. She would never be able to tell Mandy, she knew that. But her secrets were bubbling up inside her, clawing at her insides, threatening to burst out of her. She had to tell someone. She hardly even knew the head cheerleader, but somehow, she thought that maybe she would understand. Britney had stopped, waiting expectantly, still looking casual and unconcerned. 

 "I...have something I want to tell you." I can't take it any longer...the only person I can tell this to is Britney. And...and then I just have to hope.So Trisha told Britney everything – how she had sucked Mr. Braun's cock and swallowed his cum because she wanted a good grade, how he had pressured her into fucking him three more times, how she didn't know what to do and didn't know what came over her when she brought Mr. Braun to the locker room to see Britney. And how Professor Johnson had raped her after he found them, right in his office, bending her over his desk and taking her as she whimpered. 

 Britney listened in silence, leaning against the car until Trisha finished. She was silent for a long moment after Trisha stopped, so long that Trisha almost wondered if Britney had even been listening. Finally, the head cheerleader spoke. 

 "Well...I'm sorry." 

 Trisha nodded. 

 "Principal Johnson...hmm. How did it feel?" 

 Trisha looked up, shocked. "Wh...what??" 

 "The sex. How did it feel?" 

 Trisha was bewildered. "Um....I don't....I don't know. I wasn't even thinking about it. The whole thing was just so terrible" 

 The head cheerleader nodded. "And what about with Mr. Braun?" 

 Trisha paused, staring at her feet as she considered the question. "Well...that was different, I guess. It wasn't...he was forcing me into it too, but...it wasn't as rough." 

 A flicker of a smile passed across Britney's face, but Trisha didn't notice. "Interesting. So...did it ever feel good, when you were fucking Mr. Braun?" 

 Trisha looked up, confused. "I...I mean, I told you, Britney...I did that cause otherwise I was going to fail my test. I..." 

 "Yeah, I know, I heard you. But you didn't answer my question. Did it feel good?" 

 Trisha looked up to meet Britney's gaze. "Well, I mean, it's not like I wantedto do those things with him, so..." 

 Britney let out a loud, exaggerated sigh. "Jesus, Trisha. Why does everything have to be so black and white with you? You can fuck someone just for a grade and still enjoy it. You can not expect or not want to have sex with someone and end up enjoying it, too. What's the rule that says you can only like fucking someone at certain times? If it feels good, then just go with it. So, I'll ask you one more time, and be honest, hun. Did it feel good?" 

 Trisha closed her eyes in shame, but somehow, something that she never could have admitted to Mandy was easy to tell Britney. "...Um...well...y-yes. Yes, actually, it did feel good. He...he made me cum." She hung her head in shame. 

 Britney laughed. "Wow...I've never seen someone look so sad about having an orgasm." 

 "But it's so terrible!" Trisha blurted out. "I don't understand how it happened...I couldn't believe it even then. I don't know what came over me." Her head was still down, embarrassed, mortified. 

 "I do," Britney said, casually. "It's simple. You're a slut." 

 Trisha's head whipped back up. "What??" In an instant, Trisha's shame had vanished, and the cheerleader was only furious at Britney's words. She could barely sputter out an angry retort. "How...how can you...you're...you're one to talk!!" 

 Britney laughed again. "Honey, honey...you misunderstood me! I'm not insulting you. It's a good thing. It's the truth. You love sex, Trisha, you can't get enough of it, and even when you don't want to you end up craving it. There's nothing wrong with that, hun, but you have to accept it, not work against it." 

 "That's...that's ridiculous! How dare you!" 

 Britney's smile faded slightly; she seemed to finally realize how angry Trisha was. "Okay," she said, much more seriously. "Fine. Let me show you a video." She slung her gym bag off of her shoulder and began to rummage through it. Still livid, Trisha craned her neck over Britney's shoulder. As the head cheerleader was pushing things aside, Trisha saw a familiar sight; the head cheerleader's dildo, sitting unceremoniously in the bag next to her cheerleader's outfit and tennis shoes. Finally, Britney stood up again, a video camera in her hand. She switched it on and began scanning through, until she found the part she wanted. 

 "Here," she said, turning it so Trisha could see. "Remember this?" 

 Trisha realized that she was watching yesterday's scene from the boys' locker room; she had forgotten that Britney' camera was on the whole time. The camera was barely a foot away from the head cheerleader's face, so that most of the screen was dominated by Britney's sweaty, flushed face, flailing back and forth, moaning and screaming as she rammed her gorgeous body into Mr. Braun. Even in the video, Trisha could hear the loud slapsand smacksof their hips colliding, of the head cheerleader spanking her own ass. 

 "Look at the corner," Britney said, watching Trisha's face. The JV cheerleader peered into the screen, and then realized that she was visible on the edge. Her hand went to her mouth as she realized that in the video, her own eyes were closed, her legs and her body were stiff, and both of her hands were plunged into her jeans to the wrist, moving and squirming wildly, rubbing against her pussy. Her own mouth was slack in an expression of wild lust, and her arms were moving so quickly that they made Trisha's shoulders ache as she watched. Oh God...I completely forgot about that...I was so turned on watching them. I don't know what came over me.She blushed as she watched herself in the video, rocking up and down on her feet, as if somehow if she stood on her tippy-toes she could gain better access to her aching twat. Silently, she handed the camera back to Britney. 

 The head cheerleader grinned at her. "I'll say it again, hun. I'm not telling you to insult you. I'm telling you because it's the truth, and because I think it'll help you. You're a slut, and as a slut, you shouldn't be afraid of sex. You should be embracing it. You can't live without it, for fuck's sake!" 

 Trisha wildly shook her head, her brown hair flying across her shoulders. "No...no way, Britney! Principal Johnson raped me! Mr. Braun took advantage of me! It's terrible!" 

 "Of course it's terrible! Sometimes sex is good and sometimes it's not! But the important thing is to not let it get to you! It's just sex, sweetie! A girl like you can get it anywhere." 

 "No...no, you don't know what it's like! You can't imagine it!" 

 Britney raised an eyebrow. "Trisha...it's been years since I could count the guys I've fucked. Are you really suggesting that after all this time, I've never been taken advantage of? That I've never changed my mind and said no and been pressured into fucking them anyway?" 

 For the first time, Trisha felt a genuine empathy for Britney, and she flushed with shame. "I...I mean...no. I'm sorry, Britney." 

 The head cheerleader shrugged. "It's okay. Look, maybe I was too blunt with you. I know this is hard to get used to. I'm just trying to help you out. Sex can be so powerful, Trisha. And wonderful, too. You just gotta learn how to harness it!" 

 Trisha nodded. "I guess...I don't know. But I just get so mad, thinking about how Principal Johnson treated me. I mean...no matter what you say, it's still terrible!" 

 "Yeah..." Britney was biting on her lip, seemingly deep in thought. "Maybe I'll go talk to him." 

 Trisha looked up, confused. "What do you mean?" 

 "Well," Britney gave a sly grin. "The principal and I...we're 'old friends.' I'll go have a chat with him." She picked up her bag and started to walk across the parking lot. 'But, if I do, you have to do something for me." 

 "Right now?" 

 "Yup. Right now. Can you do it?" 

 "Um...okay..." 

 "I want you to go to the back of the school building, and find a big air duct, next to the emergency exit door. Then, I want you to climb in it, and crawl forward until you reach the first vent. Stop there. Can you do that?" 

 "Crawl...into the vent?" 

 "That's right." 

 "What...I don't understand." 

 "Just do it, hun. You'll see." And with that, Britney strode off. 

 After a moment, Trisha followed, confused, bewildered, and nervous. I'm not sure what to make of Britney. On the one hand, it's nice of her to talk to me about this but...what she said...I just don't know. Am I a slut? Is she right? I just don't think I could admit to something like that. I...I'm a good girl! ...Or at least, I think I am.She reached the back of the building and found the duct Britney had described. For a moment, Trisha stood in front of it, staring, unsure what to do. What does Britney have planned? What if I get in trouble?But she shrugged off her backpack and slowly wriggled her way inside the ventilation shaft. Once inside, she found it was surprisingly easy to crawl forward, and did so slowly, carefully, still very nervous. Britney's so different from all of my friends...and I can't help but admit...there's some truth to what she's saying.She reached a vent, and stopped, peering into it. She was in the roof, apparently, because she was looking down into a room. Immediately, she gasped. She was directly above Principal Johnson's office! The man was sitting at his desk, reading a stack of papers, when there was a knock at the door. 

 "Come in," the principal called out. Trisha held her breath as Britney walked into the room. 

 The principal stood up. "Britney! Ah...what a...pleasant surprise. What can I do for you?" 

 Britney smiled, leaning confidently over the desk, tossing her long blonde hair, her massive boobs bursting out at the principal. "I have something to ask you." 

 The principal nodded, looking nervous. Trisha was shocked – it was usually the principal who was intimidating to his students...now, it seemed like it was the other way around. Why is he so nervous?"Well sure, Britney...I have a meeting with the board in a few minutes, but..." 

 "I want to know what you think about my friend Trisha." 

 Trisha gasped. What is she doing?? 

 "Trisha? Well...ah...she's a very good student, she..." 

 "Oh, I know she's a good student, Principal. Anything else?" 

 "Uh...no, no I don't think so..." 

 Britney climbed onto the desk, on her knees, her chest hanging inches from the principal's sweating face. "Really? Nothing else?" 

 Trisha's eyes widened in shock, and she could see that the principal's did too. He wiped his forehead. "I...ah...well...I..." 

 "Tell the truth, Principal Johnson. Don't lie to me." 

 "I...well...uh...I may have...ah...punished her..." 

 "Yes, I know, Principal Johnson. You fucked her, didn't you?" 

 "I...ah...I mean....I...suppose..." 

 Trisha stifled another gasp. This is unbelievable!Somehow, Britney had some kind of control over this man; it was as if he was being forced to obey her, as if she had hypnotized him, somehow. 

 "You can't do that, Principal. You can't do that to just any pretty girl you see. If you want sex, you come to me. I'm the slut around here, remember?" 

 "I...yes, well..." 

 "Did you forget? Should I remind you?" 

 The principal gave a start at Britney's words, and Trisha realized that his breathing was short and heavy. He was shifting his weight, too, as if he was struggling with something. 

 "No, Britney...last time...that video tape you took...my wife, she...she..." 

 "Take your pants off, Principal Johnson. Right now." Britney stood up on Principal Johnson's desk, towering over him in her heels and her miniskirt, commanding him like he was just a child. 

 "Ah...no, my meeting, it's about to..." 

 "No? Principal Johnson, you don't want to fuck me? You don't want to pound my tender, wet pussy? You don't want to make me scream?" 

 "No, you see..." Principal Johnson's sputtering protests continued, but Trisha watched in shock as he stood up, and his hands automatically went to his pants. It was as if his brain was saying one thing, but his body another, uncontrollable, unable to stop. 

 "That's a good boy, Principal Johnson. Take them off." 

 Principal Johnson gritted his teeth, pulling his pants down, unable to will himself to stop. His face was starting to grow red with irritation. "You...you bitch..." he stammered, softly. "You can't just-" 

 Britney let out a loud laugh. "Mmm..calling me a bitch, huh Principal? I'm the one telling you what to do. I think you're mybitch." 

 He looked up at her, enraged. "W-What??" 

 "Well...if I'm the bitch, how come I'm telling youwhat to do, and you'reobeying me?" She laughed again. 

 The principal's voice rose to a shout. "You whore! Shut the fuck up!" 

 Britney laughed, sinking down to her knees, level with his face. "You want to punish me then, Principal Johnson? Does my little bitch want to punish me?" 

 "You WHORE!" Principal Johnson grabbed Britney by the hair, turning her around on his desk, forcing her to bend over. Britney giggled excitedly, raising her ass in the air, on her hands and knees as the Principal frantically yanked his pants down his legs. Trisha could see the head cheerleader's bright red thong, sticking out of the bottom of her straining miniskirt. She couldn't tear her eyes away, shocked as she was. 

 "You dirty WHORE! You piece of SHIT!" Principal Johnson clambered onto the desk behind her, grabbing her skirt with both hands, wrenching it upwards. Like an animal, he ferociously shoved her thong aside, exposing Britney's pink, tender pussy. 

 "What's that, little bitch? Is my little bitch going to try to fuck me?" 

 "Shut up, you whore! Shut up!" With a primal scream of rage, the principal plunged his dick into Britney's hoisted ass in a single stroke, his hands grabbing her butt cheeks, slamming her back into him. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 06 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Yeah!" Britney cried out loud, as her body shuddered with his impalement. "Fuck me, bitch, fuck me! Take that pussy!" 

 "You whore! Agh...ahh!" Principal Johnson grunted with effort as he pounded furiously into Britney's pussy, his dick plowing into her, making her entire body rock back and forth on the desk with the force of his thrusts. His hands were buried in the tender flesh of Britney's ass, and Trisha could see one of the head cheerleader's hands sneaking down to her crotch, tweaking her own clit as the Principal hammered into her. The class slut was breathing fast, and the harder Mr. Braun treated her, the more she seemed to enjoy it. 

 "Come on, little bitch! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" 

 "Shut up! Shut the fuck up!" 

 "Fuck me, you bitch! Fuck me!" 

 From her perch in the vent, Trisha could hear the slap of Principal Johnson's sweaty thighs against Britney's ass, the creak of the desk as it rocked back and forth with the weight of the two fucking people. Britney's hand was working fast now on her clit, the head cheerleader's curly blonde hair bouncing to and fro as the principal plowed into her. 

 "Is that it, Principal Johnson? Is that as hard as you can fuck me?" 

 "Aggghhh!" The principal grabbed a fistful of Britney's hair and pulled viciously, his hips jamming into her, one hand still tightly clenching the head cheerleader's ass. Britney let out a loud moan of pleasure as her head arched back, her body slamming against the principal's to meet his thrusts. Her long, slender legs, sprawled across the desk, powered her body into him, eager for more. 

 "Harder, bitch, harder! Can't you keep up??" 

 Sweat poured down the principal's face as he speared into her, his entire shaft brutally plunging deep into Britney's soaked, dripping pussy. Trisha watched them in awe, and couldn't help feeling turned on – watching Britney manipulate this huge man, as he plowed into her gorgeous body, her curved ass and slender hips, her long blonde hair flailing about, her hand underneath her, rubbing frantically at her own clit. Principal Johnson desperately pounded against Britney with all his might, and the head cheerleader was just as eager, slamming her hips against his, making the desk shudder with each collision and their bodies shake with the impact. 

 "Fuck! You whore! You slut!" 

 "Come on, Principal Johnson! Fuck me!" Britney shimmied off his cock, and turned around to face him. The Principal was gasping for breath, sweat dripping off his body. 

 "Lie down, little bitch! Lie down and let me ride you!" 

 "Fuck YOU!" The principal's face was red with rage, but he obeyed her. Trisha smirked as she watched the principal, infuriated but obeying the head cheerleader's every command like a child. Britney straddled him as he laid down on the desk, his feet dangling off the side. She eased herself down on him, moaning as she felt his dick stab into her dripping twat. 

 "Mmm...yeah..." Britney bounced on top of his meat, her hair flopping and her tits swaying back and forth. Then the Principal grabbed her around the waist with both hands, and he forced her down, his balls slapping against Britney's bouncing ass. Trisha watched the head cheerleader ride the principal's cock, rolling and jamming her ass deep into his hips, slamming down hard on him, making the desk creak in protest and his entire body crash with the impact. More than once, Britney opened her eyes and looked up, and Trisha knew that the head cheerleader was looking straight at her, that she knew that Trisha was watching them fuck. But then Britney closed them again, bucking up and down, jamming the principal's stiff tool in and out of her. 

 "Ahhh...fuck! You! You....slut!" 

 "Come on, Principal Johnson! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Britney leaned back and arched her head, letting her hands rest on the Principal's shuddering thighs, riding him, ferociously grinding her hips into his, burying his stiff tool deep in her swollen twat. The force of each of the principal's wild thrusts shot her upward, sending her bouncing into the air before she slammed back down on him. One of the head cheerleader's hands snuck up to her chest, massaging her giant tits, squeezing and teasing them. 

 "Ohhh...God...Fuck!!!" The principal's eyes were wide open, and he was gasping for breath. 

 "Yeah, you bitch! Fuck me!" 

 "Ahhhh!!!!" The principal's mouth opened wide, and his hands grasped down hard on Britney's bouncing, flopping body. He was about to cum, Trisha could see it on his face. But suddenly, without warning, Britney rolled off. She slithered her slender waist out of his grasp, sliding off the desk and landing on her feet beside him. Her hair tousled and her body flushed red, the head cheerleader grinned down as the gasping, flailing man. 

 Trisha let out a soft giggle. She hated Principal Johnson with all her being, but this was almost too cruel. The man gasped for breath, shocked and enraged, his stiff tool throbbing, only seconds away from climax. One hand grasped desperately for Britney, trying to pull her back, but she was faster than him. The other hand desperately began to jack off his cock, a blur, trying helplessly to reach orgasm after Britney had pulled herself off of him. 

 "You! You...b...bitch! You dirty...f-fucking...whore..." He sputtered and gasped as he tried desperately to cum, but Trisha could see from the angry, frantic look on his face that it wasn't going to happen. 

 "Finish...finish me off...you slut! You whore! Finish me off!" 

 Britney was tugging her miniskirt back down over her ass, tender and red from Principal Johnson's grabbing. She calmly watched the principal frantically jerking at his dick, an amused look on her face. She rearranged her thong over her swollen, soaked pussy and tossed her hair before leaning down to whisper: "Principal...don't ever fuck with Trisha again." Then she stood back up. Before he could answer, she said: "And don't you have a meeting to go to?" 

 "F...FUCK!! You...fucking whore!!" With a frustrated scream, the principal leapt up from the desk, wrenching his pants up around his waist. Still red and panting, he raced out the office door, slamming it behind him. Trisha laughed. That was incredible!She opened her mouth to say something, but the head cheerleader disappeared too, hurrying, almost running out after the principal. Where was she going? Trisha quickly turned around in the vent, clambering backwards to try and follow her. 

 As soon as Trisha slipped back out of the vent, she saw Britney, sitting against the wall, in the shade. What is going on?Britney had thrown down her bag next to her. Her legs were spread and her skirt was hitched back up around her waist. As Trisha hurried over to see what she was doing, she noticed Britney's chest was heaving, her eyes tightly, closed, her face desperate and agitated. The class slut's hand was at her pussy, a furious blur, working up against her swollen lips and her stiff clit at the same time. And then Trisha understood – as cruel as it had been for Principal Johnson, stopping their fucking early hadn't been easy for Britney either. The head cheerleader had been close to cumming too, and she had desperately run out of the principal's office to finish herself off. 

 Without even thinking, Trisha hurriedly sat down next to Britney. The head cheerleader had done this all for her...now she could return the favor. As the head cheerleader frantically panted, Trisha grabbed her shirt, trying to unbutton it. 

 "Rip it...rip it..." Britney whispered frantically, her chest heaving, her hand still a blur on her pussy, and Trisha obeyed. Grasping hard, she tore with all her might at the fabric. Pieces of fabric flew across the ground as Britney's tattered shirt fell in pieces, revealing her massive, heaving breasts. Trisha grabbed Britney's bra and wrenched it down, watching in awe as the head cheerleader's huge lobes burst forth, bouncing and swaying as Britney's body bucked in effort. Gently, Trisha reached down and grasped one of the massive tits, unsure of what to do, squeezing it and rubbing it, tweaking the nipple in a way she knew would have thrilled her own body. 

 "Ohh...ohhh God..." Britney's hand came up to grasp Trisha's, forcing her to bury her fingertips deeper into the head cheerleader's tit. Trisha felt confused and uncertain; she didn't know what Britney wanted. As one hand rubbed the head cheerleader's boob, she hesitantly slid the other one down to her soaking twat, rubbing her fingertips against Britney's cunt. Immediately, the girl's body responded, and Trisha was rewarded with a loud moan. Throwing caution to the wind, the JV cheerleader plunged three fingers into Britney's dripping twat, and the class slut's entire body shot upwards in reply, bucking hard, rolling and grinding fiercely against Trisha's touch. 

 "Fuck! Oh God, Trisha!" Britney's body rocked upwards, her hips shoving herself against Trisha's hand, her gasping chest thrust forward for Trisha to squeeze. The two cheerleaders worked away at Britney's flushed body – one of Trisha's hands plunged in her twat, one of Britney's rubbing desperately at her own clit. Trisha still didn't know what to do, but the head cheerleader's pleasure seemed to be growing with every second. She watched as Britney's head arched backwards, and began to whimper and squeal at the sky. Her boobs heaved up and down as she panted, her hips eagerly thrusting against Trisha's soaked fingers. 

 

 Then, Trisha remembered the dildo that she had seen in Britney's bag. With a slight smile, she grabbed for the bag, one hand still buried in Britney's twat. She impatiently wrenched it open and found the sex toy almost immediately. Quickly, she pulled it out and positioned it under the head cheerleader's gyrating hips, pulling her own fingertips out and spreading Britney's pussy lips wide. Britney's eyes were closed; she didn't know what Trisha was doing. Gently, slowly, Trisha began to slide the dildo into Britney's soaking twat 

 "Ahhh..oh my fucking God! Ohhh Trisha! Oh my God!!!" Trisha felt Britney's hand grab her wrist, like a vice, almost painful. She guided Trisha's own hand, pushing the dildo further into her own pussy, burying it in herself. Trisha could feel Britney's juices soaking her hand, dribbling onto the ground. The JV cheerleader's fingers plunged hard and fast, jamming the dildo deep into Britney's twat, and she could feel Britney's pussy stretch and engulf it. The head cheerleader's hips were bucking wildly now, her legs involuntarily spreading wider, her ass hoisted to give Trisha better access to her hot red cunt. Britney was gasping now, her entire body shaking and rocking with effort, her face bright red with desire. 

 "Ohhhhh...fuuuuck!" One of Britney's hands was still pinching and kneading her clit; the other was firmly burrowed in Trisha's wrist, clawing at it. Britney's chest heaved and rocked, and her hips shot upwards, desperately engulfing as much of the dildo as possible, burying it inside of her. Trisha pumped into Britney's pussy with all her might, watching as the length of the dildo pierced into the head cheerleader's red, swollen flesh. She was almost afraid that she was hurting Britney, thrusting the dildo as hard as she was, but she was also excited. 

 She looks so hot...thrusting and writhing on the ground.Deep, so deep, the dildo plunged into Britney's twat, and her gorgeous body desperately bucked back in response. 

 Britney let go of Trisha's arm, and a second later, her hand was on the back of Trisha's head, gently but firmly pushing her down, towards the head cheerleader's heaving tits. For a moment, Trisha resisted, confused, but then she understood. She bent down and locked her lips on one of Britney's nipples, suckling, biting it gently, tasting it with the tip of her tongue. She felt the class slut's hand tighten on the back of her head, urging her on, silently begging for more. Trisha was still powering the dildo deep into Britney with one hand, and she began to gently squeeze the head cheerleader's tit with the other, feeling the flesh slide along her fingers as she licked. She flicked Britney's nipple back and forth with her tongue, teasing it, sucking it, feeling her friend's wild excitement through the stiff nub. 

 Trisha was half-hypnotized by the sight of the head cheerleader, wild and lost in her pleasure. One hand was still fucking Britney, hard and fast, piercing into her bulging, swollen pussy, making the head cheerleader's entire body twist and shudder in response. Her other hand was buried in Britney's tit, kneading and squeezing it, bringing it up to her mouth to lick and suckle. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Britney's hand, a blur over her pussy, still furiously grinding at her eager clit. The head cheerleader was panting so hard and so fast that Trisha thought she might pass out, but her hips were still thrusting back and forth, and her head was still arched back, moaning and squealing. 

 Then, Trisha felt Britney's hand tighten on the back of her head, surprisingly strong. With a final wail of joy, Britney's entire body jerked forward. Both of her hands flew backwards, spasming, scraping and tearing at the ground. Her legs gave out helpless kicks and twitches. Trisha watched in awe, her fingers still plowing in and out of Britney's twat, as the head cheerleader's orgasm smashed through her. Trisha's own orgasms were earsplitting – she knew that she had a tendency to scream uncontrollably in the midst of her climax. But Britney – loud, brash Britney – only panted, whimpering and gasping for breath as her body trembled and twitched on the ground. Her climax rushed inwards, ravaging her gorgeous, trembling body. 

 "Ohhh...oh...o-oh...ohhh..." The head cheerleader's spread legs squirmed uncontrollably across the ground, her head tossed back and her mouth wide open, her chest heaving so heavily that her tits bounced up and down along with it. Trisha felt her pussy clenching down on the dildo, convulsing, jolting and spasming with pleasure, and she knew that each jolt was sending a wave of ferocious joy through her friend's quivering body. 

 "Ohhh...o-ohh my g-godd...ohhh..." Britney's body gave one final tremor as she relaxed, sinking back down on the ground. The head cheerleader kept her eyes closed, continuing to whimper and shudder for a few more seconds as she felt the waves of pleasure die down. Finally she opened them. 

 "T-Trisha..." she panted. "Fuck...yes...thank you...thank you..." 

 Trisha couldn't help giggling as she stared down at her. Britney's shirt was in tatters across her heaving chest, her legs still spread, her pussy juices splattered across her crotch and her thighs and dribbling onto the ground. The head cheerleader grinned up at her. 

 "Well, hun...this is the second time I've seen you with your hand in a pussy. Maybe I bring the slut out in you." She laughed. 

 Trisha laughed too, but in her mind, something flickered. Maybe...maybe she's right.She helped Britney to her feet, and the head cheerleader wobbled a bit on her long legs, quickly catching her balance in her stiletto heels. Trisha marveled at her skill. 

 "Did you enjoy my show with Principal Johnson?" Britney tossed her hair, and she ran her hands across her naked chest; Trisha knew that she was still enjoying the sensations of her climax. 

 "I..um...yeah." She giggled. "Yeah...thanks, Britney." 

 The head cheerleader tugged her miniskirt back down over her ass, now covered in dirt. "No thanks needed, hun. Just showing you what I've been telling you all along. Sex is power, Trisha. Use it, enjoy it! Don't be afraid of it!" 

 Trisha watched in silence as Britney tossed her panties and her torn blouse into her bag, then pulled out a stretchy, sheer tank top and slipped it on. I just...I don't know. I know Britney is wrong about me...at least...I think I do. But maybe...maybe I just don't want to admit it. Britney seems so sure of everything. Why can't I be more like her? 

 The head cheerleader picked up her bag and slung it over her shoulder. "What? You still don't believe me?" 

 Trisha shifted nervously on her feet. I don't know what to believe anymore."I...I don't know, Britney. I'm not sure yet." 

 The head cheerleader shrugged. "Yeah, don't worry about it. Just my advice, hun. Take it or leave it." Then, she walked away, her heels clacking loudly on the ground. She was panty-less, and the bottom of her ass poked out from the bottom of her miniskirt. Her braless tits swelled out of the tight tank top; the nipples were clearly visible in the virtually see-through fabric. Her long blonde hair cascaded down her back; her flared hips swung back and forth as she walked. Trisha admired Britney as she walked off; she could see a bit of the class slut's juices, overflowing out of her naked pussy and running down her uncovered thigh. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 07 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 Trisha threw her backpack and her gym bag into the trunk of her mother's car. Her mom worked from home on Fridays, so she let Trisha drive herself to school. Cheerleading practice had run longer than usual, and the sun was already dipping down below the horizon as Trisha pulled out of the school parking lot. She turned on the radio as she drove and began to softly hum along with the song, but almost immediately, her mind started to drift, just as it always did these days. 

 It had been three days since Britney had invited Trisha into the air duct to watch her torture Principal Johnson. But it had been Britney's words afterwards that had stuck so deeply in Trisha's mind. Being completely willing to be yourself was one thing for Britney, but...Trisha had friends to consider. What would they think of me if I started acting like Britney? If I started dressing up in tube tops and miniskirts? They would never talk to me again!As much as she hated their cattiness, and the way they always judged other girls for the way they acted, she couldn't abandon her friends. She couldn't face the shame of their disapproval. 

 This was the same conclusion that she came to every other day, but just like every other day, it never seemed to satisfy her. No matter how sure she was that she was right, she couldn't get Britney's words out of her head. Trisha turned on her headlights; it had gotten dark pretty quickly. Something about Britney's outlook on life was so intriguing to her. The head cheerleader seemed to live through life completely free, open about whatever she thought. A trait like that was something Trisha could only admire in her other people... I don't want to be a slut, she thought to herself, but I do wish I could be a little more true to myself like Britney. Sometimes I just can't stand all these expectations about what's right or wrong for a girl to do. I wish none of them existed! Trisha shook her head as she drove on in the dark. No...that's not it. It's not that they don't exist for Britney...it's just that she doesn't care about them. I wish I had the power to not care like she does. I wish I could just listen to myself, and my desires, and whatever I want – 

 SMASH! 

 The car lurched forward and Trisha did as well, in her seat, her brown hair spilling over as she jolted into the steering wheel. There was a loud, metallic crunchas the cheerleader's foot eased on the pedal. Pulling her hair out of her face, Trisha looked up, and gasped in terror. She had just slammed right into the back of a car. Where did it come from???The back bumper of the car was completely ruined. Her mouth still open in shock, Trisha quickly shifted to reverse and backed up, wincing at the sound of broken glass as her car rolled backwards. Two seconds later though, she slammed to a halt, her hand at her mouth, her eyes round and wide with fear. The blue and white stripes on the car were unmistakable; the lights and siren on the top couldn't have been more obvious. I just...I just ran into a police car! 

 "Oh no...oh no..." Near-panicked, Trisha frantically continued to back up. Were there people in the car? It was dark, so she couldn't really see...then, a shadow moved. Then another. The two front doors opened, and a pair of policemen stepped out into the night. Trisha's heart plummeted. 

 One of them, the one who was in the driver's seat, looked incredibly angry. He glared straight at Trisha, then gestured at her to get out of the car. Nervous and close to tears, Trisha unsteadily opened her door and stepped out. Immediately, she shivered in the cold night air. It had been an uncommonly warm day, so she had worn a sundress, one of her favorites, thin and comfy, that stopped above her knees and had a halter top, held up by a single bow-knotted string tied around her neck. In a particularly brave move, she had bought the same pair of heels that she had seen Britney wear, and felt proud as she teetered her way through the halls to each class. Now, though, the night breeze cut straight through the dress's thin fabric. She didn't have a jacket, either, so all she could do was stand by her car in her heels, and shiver. 

 As she risked a tentative glance at the officers, she saw that both of their expressions had changed. The one in the driver's seat, the smaller one, still looked angry, but his face was mixed partially with surprise now. The one on the right, the bigger one, didn't even look remotely unhappy. Instead, he seemed to be admiring Trisha's body. The petite cheerleader's figure was unmistakable, even in the darkness, cleanly framed by her silky thin dress. She was barely over five feet, but he could see every one of her curves; her perky, ample chest, her tiny, taut waist, her slightly flared hips, her slender legs. 

 "Little lady, what the hell do you think you're doing?" That was the smaller one. 

 "I...I'm sorry, officer," Trisha stammered. "I must have just spaced out or..." 

 "Spaced out?? While driving??" 

 "Please...I'm so sorry!" 

 "Look here...this is a construction zone. You're supposed to be driving at 10 miles an hour!" 

 Trisha glanced around. It was nighttime...there wasn't a construction worker in sight. "But..." 

 "Not only did you damage my cruiser, but I think it's pretty obvious from the damage you've done that you were going over the limit." 

 With those words, the officer yanked out a notepad and a pencil from his back pocket, and began to write. 

 "But, officer..." 

 "What's your name?" 

 "Trisha..." 

 "Well then, Trisha, I would advise you to stay quiet." 

 The cheerleader clamped her mouth shut, frightened and frustrated, averting her gaze away from him. The bigger officer was eyeing her up and down, and he wasn't even trying to hide it. Trisha blushed. The wind was strong tonight, blowing the skirt of her dress against her slender, bare legs, the thin fabric fluttering in the wind. As she shivered in the glare from her headlights, Trisha tucked her hair behind her ear, out of the wind, and desperately wished she had worn something more practical today. She hadn't ever thought until now how flimsy the dress was, how the subtle pull of her breasts were secured only by a single bow-tie in a single strap. The bigger officer was still staring – now right at her chest. In the chilly evening air, the shape of Trisha's hard, round nipples were plainly visible through the thin fabric. 

 "She's a pretty little thing, ain't she, Mike." 

 The smaller officer looked up in shock. "Jesus Christ, Todd. She's just a girl. She's probably not even in college." 

 The bigger officer shrugged, looking unconcerned. "Nah, I bet she's not that young. How old are you, Trisha?" 

 Trisha shifted her weight, wobbling a bit on her heels before answering. "Um, I'm eighteen." 

 "There you go, Mike. She's legal." 

 Mike shook his head. "Stop talking like that, Jim. This isn't appropriate for being on duty." 

 "Hey, I'm not saying anything inappropriate. I'm just sayin' she's pretty. I'm not making her uncomfortable. Am I?" He directed the last question to Trisha, and took a step forward, grinning at her. 

 "Cut it out, Todd." 

 "Hey, Mike, maybe we can cut her some slack. Let her off with a warning." This time, both Mike and Trisha looked up in surprise. The cheerleader's heart leapt. Yes! Please! I'll let him hit on me as much as he wants if they just let me go! 

 "Are you kidding me? She trashed my cruiser! Look at my bumper!" 

 "Well, yeah. I know. But look at her, Mike. She's shivering, she's so scared. She must be cold." 

 Mike turned to look at Trisha, whose teeth were starting to chatter. Even as cold as she was, though, she couldn't help noticing Mike eyeing her body, just as Todd had, passing ever-so-quickly over her bare legs, the arc of her slender hips clearly visible in her dress, the curve of her perky breasts pulling against the dress's flimsy top. But he quickly averted his eyes in shame, looking back down at his notepad. 

 "Well, give her your jacket, then. She broke the law, Todd. No warning tonight." 

 Todd shrugged, then took off his jacket and moved forward to drape it around Trisha's slender shoulders. He towered over her, and the petite cheerleader felt even smaller than usual next to his bulky frame. She didn't resist, but instead watched him closely; as he moved forward, she saw his eyes flicker down once more, and this time she knew that he was glancing down at her chest, at the slightest hint of her boobs that were peeking out of the top of her dress. Usually whenever a guy checked her out, Trisha felt indignant and annoyed, and tried to ignore it. But Britney's words, always at the front of her mind these days, suddenly raced into her thoughts. "Sex is power" she had said. "Use it, enjoy it, don't be afraid of it." 

 Sex is power...Trisha mused over the words in her mind. And in a way, it was true. She had a power over this policeman; he was under her influence. Even though she knew it was shameless, Trisha couldn't help trying something out. She said nothing, accepting his jacket, pulling it around herself and crossing her arms. As she did it, she ever-so-slightly pressed her forearms into the sides of her chest, and she knew that the subtle motion was pushing her boobs together, making them plump up and bulge against the thin fabric of her dress. The effect was immediate: Todd, who had just managed to tear his eyes away from her petite body, had zoomed back to her chest so quickly that his head actually swung down slightly to stare. He lingered for a moment, still in front of her, looking down at her. 

 "Feel better?" he asked absently, still staring. 

 Trisha nodded slightly, watching him. "Yes. Thank you." At last, the policeman seemed to gain control of himself, and he stepped backwards again, to a more acceptable distance from Trisha. The cheerleader blinked in the glare of the headlights, watching as Todd tried to compose himself. I've never thought about this before, but...I really do have a power. I seduced Mr. Braun. I could definitely seduce this Todd guy.She glanced at the other policeman, who was still busy writing. I could probably seduce him too. Couldn't I? 

 "Trisha, I'll need to see your driver's license, registration, and proof of insurance." 

 "Yes, sir." Trisha nodded and began to rummage through her purse for her license, but her mind was still elsewhere. Yes...I could probably seduce them both...but what would it be like? Would it really be like Britney said? It's so hard to believe, but... 

 "Hurry up, Trisha." 

 The cheerleader nodded, and pulled out her wallet. What would it be like?She asked herself the question again. The two policemen were watching as she stepped forward to hand Mike her license, then turned back around to retrieve her other documents. As she did it, a voice rang out in her head: It would be...it would be...fun.... 

 And with that, she turned back around, and walked straight towards Mike, stopping only when she was one pace away from him. She looked up at him with her brown eyes big and sweet, her mouth slightly pouty but confident, and she spoke in a soft, low tone. 

 "Please...won't you give me a warning?" 

 "Excuse me?" Mike turned to look at her, his eyebrows raised. It was one thing for his partner to suggest giving a warning, but for the person who just crashed into his car to request it was out of line. 

 "No, I mean...I just meant..." Trisha stammered, but even as she spoke, she took a step forward, her heels clacking against the pavement. 

 "Listen here, Ms. Trisha, if you think-" 

 Trisha took another step forward, and now she was right in front of Mike. She spoke very quietly, her soft eyes looking into his angry ones, but even so he let her interrupt him. 

 "I just meant I would really appreciate it." 

 And then, all of a sudden, without even thinking, her hand was on his crotch. Mike let out an audible gasp, and Todd's jaw dropped open. For a moment, even Trisha was shocked, barely believing what she had just done, but she recovered quickly. Slowly, she began to massage him through his pants. 

 "Jesus, what the hell do you – " 

 "Please," Trisha said, interrupting him again. "Please, I would really like a warning." 

 "Now look, you've got to-" 

 "Please," Trisha repeated, and then she sank to her knees on the pavement, still massaging his crotch, keeping her sweet brown eyes on his bulging ones. For some reason, he couldn't seem to tear his gaze away from hers. 

 "Trisha...Jesus, Trisha, I'm married..." 

 "Oh please, please, officer!" Trisha was laying it on thick now, in full pouting mode, on her knees in front of him. Slowly, gently, she felt for the zipper of his fly. "I would do anything." She pulled down the zipper and slid two fingers into the open crotch of his pants. 

 "Uh...now..." 

 "Anything," she repeated, now smiling at him. "Anything at all." Her prowling fingers found what they were looking for inside his pants; his dick, half-hard. She snaked it through the slit in his boxers and out of his fly, into the open, where she gently caressed it with her fingers, still smiling sweetly up at him. 

 "Hey, hey, let me in on this too." Todd had stepped forward, and was hastily, almost clumsily, unzipping his fly as he stood to Trisha's side. 

 "Wait, wait a minute!" Mike held his hand up, and both Todd and Trisha froze. Oh no...the cheerleader thought. I was wrong...He's going to back out!Still, she kept up the act. 

 "Yes?" She pouted up at him, smiling sweetly. "Is something wrong?" 

 "Ah..." He hesitated for a moment. "Let's...let's get in my car..." 

 Yes!Try as he might, even the nobler policeman couldn't resist this chance, a gorgeous little sweet eighteen-year-old, offering to do whatever they wanted. I knew it would work!Trisha grinned up at him as she got to her feet, and followed Mike to his cruiser, Todd behind her. Now, the cheerleader was in the middle seat, flanked by the two policemen, both leering at her. They were both frantically unzipping their pants, while at the same time hands roamed across Trisha's petite body, gently squeezing her smooth, creamy thighs and her ample, 32C chest, caressing her slender waist and smoothly curved hips. They were both staring at her figure, their eyes filled with lust, and the cheerleader knew what they expected. 

 She scooted off of the middle seat, and turned around, kneeling in the cramped foot space of the back seat, facing them both. Their cocks were both out, hard and upright. She leaned forward, grasping each in one hand, gently stroking them. Who should I start with?Mike was the one who was more reluctant, so maybe she should blow him first. She leaned to her left and softly slipped the head of Mike's meat into her lips. 

 "Ohhh, Jesus..." 

 Trisha sucked him in a little further, letting the tip push into her mouth, rubbing against it with her tongue. She felt Todd's hand on her arm, and realized that she had forgotten to keep jacking him off. Two guys at once isn't easy!Now, though, she made sure to slide her hand up and down on his hard shaft, while continuing to suck gently at Mike's meat. 

 "How's it feel, Mike? How's her mouth feel?" 

 "So good...oh man...she's so good." 

 Trisha kept sucking, bobbing her head up and down, soaking his shaft, letting it slide in and out of her warm, wet mouth. Her soft slurps were the only sound in the empty night, and Trisha knew that both of the policemen's eyes were on her, intently watching her give Mike head. For some reason, that knowledge sent a tiny thrill of excitement through her. She pushed a bit deeper, and listened to him groan as more of his shaft sank into her saliva-soaked lips. 

 "Oh man...wow..." 

 "Come on, man, let me feel her." 

 Trisha smirked at Todd's words as she sucked; he was like a little boy, demanding his turn. But she listened to him, slipping Mike's dick out of her mouth with a slobbery pop,leaning over towards Todd, and gulping his dick into her wet lips. 

 "Oh shit...fuck yeah..." 

 As soon as her mouth touched his throbbing meat, his hips jutted upwards, pushing half of his shaft into her mouth. It was unexpected, but Trisha accepted it, letting him slide into her mouth. Her own chest was rising with excitement and energy, and she kept one hand on each dick, making sure to gently stroke them. Mike's shaft was slick with her slobber, making it easier to slide her hand up and down him, and both men were groaning now. She continued to suck on Todd's meat, slurping softly, letting him gently jam his hips into her face. Her tongue snuck out of her mouth, licking eagerly at the thick, muscular ridge of his shaft, and she gently puckered her cheeks as she sucked his dick deeper into her wet mouth. Still jacking off Mike, Trisha let her hand slip off of Todd's cock, resting it on his thigh instead for support as she dipped up and down on his thick rod, inhaling deeply as she tasted his meat. 

 She continued like this for a while, bobbing, slurping, her saliva slithering out of her lips and coating Todd's shaft. Then, she felt Mike's hand on her slender shoulder, tugging at her, and she knew that he wanted another turn. So she switched back, letting Todd's meat slowly glide out of her lips, and leaning back to her left to gulp down Mike's little soldier. She could feel his lust throbbing through his cock as she gently thrust her lips down his shaft, swallowing him, slurping and licking with enthusiasm. She guided his meat in and out of her mouth several times before sliding it out completely, raising his cock up to let her lick at his balls and run her tongue up and down his shaft. She kept her gaze on Mike's face, and delighted in the expression of complete ecstasy spread across it. He was breathing hard, and his eyes were fixated on Trisha, unable to look away even if he had wanted to. The cheerleader's other hand was firm on Todd's meat, stroking it, feeling the blood pulsating in its hardness. 

 A hand snaked across Trisha's back; it was Todd's, feeling the smooth skin of her body, the skin that had looked so gorgeous as she had stood in her dress and her heels in the night. The cheerleader silently let him fondle her as she continued to lick at Mike's cock. Todd's hand slowly made its way up to her neck, and then she felt him fumbling with the knot of her dress. As the cheerleader plunged her lips down Mike's dick, she felt the string of the dress's halter top loosen, and the fabric silently fell. Now, Trisha's breasts were revealed; soft, round and ample, her nipples hard in the cold, darkened backseat of the police car. A moment later, she felt Todd's hand groping her tit, gently squeezing the tender, round globe in the darkness. She let him feel both her boobs as she continued to lick and suck at Mike's meat. Several more times, she slurped her way up and down Mike's shaft before switching again, jacking off Mike and guzzling down Todd's meat. 

 "Jesus Christ. Fuck, her tits are amazing." 

 "Yeah? Man, she can really suck some cock." 

 Topless, her breasts being fondled and groped by both men now, squeezed into the foot space of the back seat, listening to them talk about her, Trisha continued to blow the two officers. The only sounds were the groans of the two men and the slick, slobbery smacks and popsof Trisha slurping on both of their cocks. She was careful to jack off whoever she wasn't giving head to, and made sure to switch back and forth to keep them both occupied. 

 She couldn't deny it either: the entire experience was incredibly thrilling to her. To keep both of them in her sway, to watch them beg for a turn to plunge into her wet lips, to see their looks of delight as she licked up and down their meat and of disappointment as she switched back to the other one; all of this filled her with excitement. She began to relish the feeling of their meat in her mouth, the stiff yet soft flesh rubbing against her tongue, the hard throbbing warmth that moved against the insides of her cheeks. She even began to let out soft moans of her own, enjoying the feeling of them straining against her mouth, enthusiastically thrusting her face against their hips as she sucked and impatiently pulling her hair back from her face to get better access. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 07 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Oh God....oh that feels so good..." 

 "Fuck yeah...suck it, sweetheart, suck it..." 

 Trisha winked up at them as she drooled. Her entire body was into it now, her back slightly arched and her ass out, her shoulders hunched over the seat to let her plunge even further down. She was filled with excitement and energy, and let out another soft moan as she shoved herself deep, deep down Todd's dick. She felt the tip pressing into her throat, and pushed even further, throating him, cutting off her own breathing, feeling the skin of his balls just barely tickling her lips, delighting in her own prowess. Todd let out a loud groan, thrusting his hips towards her, and Trisha gagged slightly, pulled herself off of him, and grinning at his excitement. 

 She switched back to Mike, slurping and gulping and swallowing, her eyes twinkling with happiness. Trisha's fingers were slick and soaked now, and so were her lips; her cheeks were flushed red from the effort of bobbing up and down so many times. She was almost certain that a puddle had formed on the seat of each officer from her eager drooling, but she didn't care, happily continuing to guzzle down both of their dicks. 

 She was playing with them too, experimenting. She would start out with some swift, steady bobbing, plunging their shaft into her mouth and letting it slide against her plump lips. Then, every once and a while, she would throw in a deep, powerful thrust, burying their shafts in her throat, locking her lips around the base of their dicks and listening them groan out loud as she let them stay stuffed inside of her for several seconds before pulling them back out. Or, she would pop their meat out of her mouth completely, and jack them off as she greedily licked at their balls. The cheerleader loved watching their different reactions, and had just throated Mike's meat yet again when he let out a loud groan. She felt the throbbing grow in his shaft, and his balls tightened slightly against the strain of her slurping lips. 

 "Oh...ohhh...I'm so close..." 

 Trisha was almost disappointed that he was ready to cum, but she didn't let up. Still jacking off Todd's cock, she eagerly continued to gulp Mike down deep, feeling him push against her throat, stuffing her full. Her slobbery lips hugged his shaft, sucking, milking him hard. She moaned in her enthusiasm, her hand firm against the base of his shaft, her fingers gently massaging Mike's balls. She slurped and slurped, feeling him throb in her throat, until... 

 "Okay! I'm...ugh!!" 

 The cheerleader could taste the saltiness splash across her tongue, spreading through her entire mouth, hot and gooey. His cum spurted out of his cock and deep into her throat, overwhelming her tastebuds with the flavor of his manhood. His cock jolted in between her eager lips as she sucked, and he was gently grinding his hips against her face, groaning loudly. She could feel each stream as it came out, blasting across her tongue, filling her mouth. Trisha continued to bob, sucking gently, milking every possible drop of his juices into her excited lips. 

 "Aghh...holy...holy...shit..." Mike shuddered. 

 She felt him slowly relax, and she tenderly let his hard, swollen member slide and pop out of her lips. Trisha swallowed his cum with a noisy gulp, feeling it run down her throat and into her stomach. She couldn't help smiling as she did it, watching Mike gasp as he watched. I want more...She quickly turned to Todd. Without hesitation, the cheerleader quickly guzzled down his rod, licking with a newfound, frantic energy, her bobbing faster, gulping and drooling as she raised and lowered herself on him. 

 "Ohhh fuck!" 

 He responded with his own enthusiasm, his hands now harsh and hard on her tits, his hips thrusting into her, plowing his dick into her excited mouth. Up and down she went, thrusting her face against his crotch, feeling his cock strain and throb against her tired lips. Drool was dribbling down her chin in her effort, but she only sped up more, excited and eager to help Todd climax as quickly as possible. Her slurps were much louder now, noisy and sloppy, and the cheerleader had planted both of her wet hands on his gently grinding thighs, pushing herself up and down on his meat. Come on!She was almost bursting with anticipation. Cum! Cum! 

 He didn't disappoint her. 

 "Ohhhh...ahhhhh....Fuuuck!!!" 

 For the second time, Trisha felt a cock twitch and spurt in her mouth, and stream after stream of Todd's cum rushed into her lips and her throat. He began to thrust uncontrollably into her, stretching and prodding her lips as she did it, and she thought she could feel some of his juice leak out of her, but she eagerly slurped at his shaft, hoping to lick it all back up. The feeling was so wonderful; her mouth full of saltiness, her chest full of excitement. As with Mike, she let Todd finish his orgasm before she gently, slowly slid her lips off his shaft. Then, she couldn't help herself; she began to play with Todd's jizz. She raised two fingers to her mouth and gently parted her lips, letting his sperm dribble onto her fingertips. Then, the cheerleader twirled her fingers in front of her, watching the sticky, gooey mess dribble from her lips to her fingers, before tilting her head back and raising her hand above her to let the cum plop back into her waiting mouth, drop by drop. 

 Delighted and thoroughly enjoying herself, the cheerleader didn't even realize until then that both of the policemen were watching her, their eyes as round and big as saucers, their mouths open. In another state of mind, Trisha might have been as shocked at herself as they were, but she was enjoying herself too much to care. She laughed at them, and let Todd's cum bubble out of her mouth back onto her fingers, watching the gooey mess drip everywhere. Then, she hastily licked it all back up, sliding each finger into her mouth and sucking noisily, running her tongue over every inch of her hand to make sure she got it all. Finally, with a pleased smile, she swallowed the juice in a loud gulp, licking her lips. Her eyes sparkled as she watched the policemen, and she couldn't help laughing again. 

 They were staring at her, blinking, unable to speak. It was as if by swallowing their loads, Trisha had managed to strike them dumb. Then, a thought came over her. These looks that they're giving me...they're exactly the same as the looks Britney gets all the time. Whenever she walks by, all those boys get slack- jawed and can't even think.She couldn't help smiling as she thought about it. 

 Wait a minute...am I as hot as Britney?At that moment, the full impact of what she had just done hit her: she had just crashed into a police car with two policemen in it, and then seduced her way out of it! That sounded exactly like something Britney would do. Okay...so what would Britney do now? She would just wink at them and leave, before they could even recover. So Trisha did the same, smiling sweetly at each of them, winking seductively before climbing her way towards the door. Still topless, she opened it and climbed out. 

 "See ya later, officers," she cooed, then shut the door. As the night wind cut through her half-stripped dress, she teetered her way back into her car. She fingered the halter top straps that were hanging uselessly around her waist, pulling them back around her neck and tying them. She straightened her long brown hair in the rear-view mirror, then set her car into drive and took off, not even glancing at the policemen still in the backseat. 

 *** 

 Her parents were out eating dinner with friends; they had left a note. Trisha barely even finished reading it before bolting upstairs and into her room, slamming the door.. For a full minute, she stared at herself in the mirror. I thought I was such a good girl but...maybe...maybe I'm not.Her face flushed as she examined her reflection. I just...I just gave head to two policemen. And it was all just to get out of a ticket! 

 She looked down at herself, at her stiletto heels, her flimsy, thin sundress, hastily tied before she walked into the house. From her viewpoint, she could see her firm, round tits, braless, beneath the fabric of the dress. Then, she remembered the look on their faces as she had swallowed each of their loads in turn, how they had gasped and squirmed and groaned as she buried their cocks in her face. She couldn't help smiling, and as she looked in the mirror, she suddenly realized something. She was sexy. Her petite, slender body, framed in the thin fabric of her skimpy dress; her round, firm tits, which the policemen had so eagerly fondled. Every inch of her was sexy. She smiled at herself, reliving the entire incident. They were like putty in my hands,she thought, grinning as she turned around in front of the mirror. They were almost out of their minds, after I sucked their cocks. 

 And then the feeling of their cocks in her mouth returned, and suddenly the cheerleader's entire body flushed with a faint lust. She had never thought about it before, but the sensation of a throbbing rod against her lips; the hot lust pulsating in their shafts, the tender skin sliding across her lips and her tongue, all of it, was wonderful. Trisha closed her eyes as she ran her hands down her body, remembering the way that Mike and Todd had caressed her naked shoulders, her back, and her tits. They were like little kids, with my tits...they couldn't even contain themselves! 

 The cheerleader plopped herself on the floor in front of the mirror, eyes still closed, legs spread, still running her hands over her firm tits and her slender waist. She was remembering every detail now: the way Todd impatiently thrust himself deeper into her mouth, even when she was throating him; the way Mike's balls twitched and grew as he spurted his spunk between her lips. Oh...God...it was so hot...Impatiently, Trisha pulled up the hem of her dress, and wrenched her panties aside. I can still taste their cum in my mouth... 

 Wasting no time, the cheerleader buried her fingertips in her twat, running the tips along the folds of her pussy, gently pressing in at the sensitive flesh in between. Oooh...I'm soaking wet!She shuddered gently, and stretched herself out on the floor, arching her back and raising her legs, keeping her eyes closed. 

 They had watched her the entire time, not only when she was blowing each of them but when she was blowing the other one too, admiring her body as she pushed herself up and down their rods, watching her slurp and drool as she worked. Their groans rang through her ears, and Trisha groaned herself, and she plunged two fingers deep into her twat, feeling her hot juices run down her knuckles. Their hard shafts against my lips...their meat, stuffed down my throat...their ballsacs, running across my tongue...oh God!The cheerleader couldn't help herself – just remembering the scene was overwhelming her. 

 She was fucking herself in a powerful rhythm now, her body rocking against her fingers, her hand pumping her aching twat. With her other hand, the cheerleader began to yank viciously at the flimsy strings of the dress's top, pulling impatiently until the knot around her neck came undone, and she could yank the dress off of her tits. Now, Trisha began to run her hands across her boobs, tweaking her nipples, feeling her entire body flush as she gently squeezed them. She slipped her hand into her mouth and began to lick eagerly, as if the policemen's cum were still on her lips and her hand, as if she could still feel the gooeyness swishing in her mouth. 

 "Oh...oh God..." she moaned softly, one hand now working furiously at her twat, the other pinching and prodding her erect, thrilled nipples. She added a third finger into her soaked twat, whimpering as she felt it stretch and fill her even more. What would it be like,she now wondered, if they had fucked me? She imagined it now, in the cramped backseat of the police car. They would have taken turns, she decided, fucking her. What position? 

 Her hands were a blur now, plunging and tweaking and rubbing, and she squealed with each thrust. Maybe doggy-style!Trisha's back arched further upwards at the thought, and she imagined it in her mind: she could be draped across the seat, Todd behind her, one hand on the door handle for support, the other on her ass, guiding her little pussy to engulf his cock. 

 "Oh...oh my God!" 

 ...Or maybe she could ride Mike, bouncing on top of him. He could be sitting in the carseat and she could be straddling him, facing him, bouncing up and down like a cowgirl, letting his cock impale her. He would plunge so deep into me...so deep... 

 "Oh God...Yessss! Oh my Goddd...." Her moans echoed through her room, and now both hands were at her pussy, switching back and forth; one of them plowing into her soaked twat, the other grinding against the nub of her clit. My tits would be bouncing in his face...he probably wouldn't be able to keep his hands off of them. They would be staring at me as they fucked, touching me, grabbing me, pulling my body. They wouldn't be able to get enough of me! 

 "Ahhh...ahhhh!!!" Trisha was propped up on her elbows now, rigid and stiff, her hands furiously working at her twat, her entire body gently grinding in the rhythm of her masturbation. 

 They'd trade me between them, back and forth. They'd argue over me, fight over whose turn it was, like I wasn't even a person, but just a... 

 "Slut..." Trisha softly moaned the word out loud. She couldn't help it, it just felt so good to say, and now her thoughts gushed out of her lips, unbidden, uncontrolled. "...just...a slut...sucking and fucking both of them...a dirty little girl...ohhh God..." They'd violate me...ravage me...and all just because I didn't want to get in trouble. 

 "Just...just to get out of a...ticket," Trisha panted quietly to herself, her excitement growing as she spoke, her fingers stiff and blurry fast, shooting searing waves of pleasure through her, wracking her petite figure with wild, carnal lust. Her whole body was rolling and bucking up and down, like a single wave. "I would...fuck them...just to get out of...a ticket..." She squeezed her eyes shut. "Just like...a dirty slut..." 

 The words repeated in her mind, over and over. A slut...a whore...a nasty little whore...they would fuck me so hard and so deep, they'd fuck their little slut, just a filthy little slut, and then at the end...they'd...they'd... 

 "Ohhh...ohhhh GODDDDD!!!!" Her entire body rocked upwards, shuddering and jolting, as if the whole room was shaking her back and forth. Her legs, spread in the air, began to spasm uncontrollably, and Trisha could feel her pussy clamp down on her fingers, convulsing in her orgasm, hot juices spilling forth and dribbling onto the floor. 

 "OHHHH!!! OHHHH GOD YESSSSS!!!!!" 

 Her eyes were closed and her toes were curled, and she imagined the officers' cum now, in her mouth, on her lips, running down her chin, filling her pussy, drenching her. She continued to shudder and squirm against the floor, screaming her joy at the ceiling in earsplitting tones. 

 "YES!! YES!!! OH GOD, YES!!!" Her entire body radiated with pleasure, red-hot and thick, engulfing her, jolting through her and forcing her body to wildly buck and thrash. She felt their cum everywhere, now, filling her twat and overflowing, dribbling out, splattering across her perky tits and on her tongue and down her throat, filling her heaving, gasping chest. Her fingers were still buried to the knuckles in her pussy, three of them, and she could feel the scorching flesh of her love canal, swollen and juicy. A ragged, soft moan raced through her lips as the cheerleader relaxed against the floor, satiated, thrilled and ecstatic. Trisha lay there for several minutes, panting, slowly catching her breath, letting her little body recover, feeling her juices leak out of her swollen pussy. At last, she stood up, and once more she glanced at her reflection in the mirror. 

 Her hair was even more ruined than before, tangled and draped haphazardly across her face and her shoulders. Her dress was wrinkled, the top half dangling around her waist, exposing her round tits. The skin around the nipples had turned red from her reckless pinches. 

 Is this who I am? Is this who I am meant to be? She didn't know the answer to those questions, so she only stood silently in front of the mirror, still thinking, still unsure. Then, she changed the question. I don't know who I am but...is this...is this who I want to be? Is this what I want?She meant for those questions to be unanswerable too, but as soon as she thought them, she felt her own response, almost like it was bubbling up through her entire body, only reaching her mind after every other part of her knew it. 

 "Yes," she said to her own reflection in the mirror. "Yes, this is what I want!" She smiled as she said it, but she didn't know why – she didn't know what made her answer in that way. All she knew was that she was sure it was the right answer. In the next instant, she had leapt onto her bed. She grabbed her purse and began impatiently rummaging through it until she found what she wanted; her cell phone. She flipped it open and dialed the number. She hugged her knees to her chest as she counted the rings. One...two....three...come on, pick up! 

 "Hello?" 

 Trisha's heart leapt. "Hello...Britney...?" Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 08 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 The weekend flashed by in a blur, and Trisha and Britney spent every minute possible together. For some reason, when Trisha wasn't around her other friends, all the things about Britney that she disapproved of didn't matter anymore. Sure...she's a little over the top...but really, she's just comfortable with who she is. It was amazing how at ease Trisha felt around the head cheerleader. And yet, when Monday came, she felt more uneasy than ever. What will my friends think if I tell them I spent the weekend with Britney? Should I keep it a secret? What will Britney think if I do? 

 "Hey, Trisha." It was just before the last class of the day, and Mandy was running to catch up to her in the hall. "I called you on Saturday night. Where were you?" 

 "Oh..." The cheerleader did her best to give a casual shrug. "Sorry, Mandy, I was busy." 

 "Oh. That's okay. Hey, what do you..." 

 "Trisha?" 

 The two girls turned around. Britney was walking straight towards them, her long, curly blonde hair draped down her shoulders and her back. Her high-heeled boots were laced up to the knee, framing her long, slender legs. The head cheerleader's tank-top had once been a normal blouse, but Britney had modified it, cutting a slit near the top so that her tits popped out, halfway visible, dancing in her bra as she strode towards them. Her ass was barely covered by a tight, red miniskirt. 

 Trisha could already feel Mandy's disposition grow cold and her expression turn icy as the head cheerleader approached them. All her friends were good girls, and they were so disapproving of Britney. Oh no...She took a deep breath. 

 "Hey, Trish...I wanted to show you something this afternoon. It's a really great store, downtown. You interested?" 

 As soon as Britney spoke, Mandy turned to face Trisha, looking both confused and a little hurt. Trisha shifted uneasily on her feet. I want to say yes, but...Mandy would disapprove of me.In her head, she chided herself for being so concerned with everyone's opinions. Why do I have to care so much what all my friends think? If I want to be friends with Britney, then I'll do it!She braced herself, then smiled up at the head cheerleader. 

 "Sure, Britney. I'll see you after school." 

 Mandy's face changed immediately; her jaw dropped, and she stared at Trisha in shock. The head cheerleader smiled slightly and nodded. "Okay...see you after school." She walked up, leaving Trisha and Mandy standing alone in the hall in silence. 

 Trisha timidly turned to face her friend, wincing at the shock still etched in Mandy's face. Finally, her friend spoke. "You...um...you're...you're friends with Britney?" She couldn't seem to will herself to say it. 

 Trisha stared glumly at her feet. She hated Mandy's disapproval, but she also hated the thought of trying to hide her friendship with the head cheerleader. "U-um...well...I guess so..." 

 "When did that happen?" Now Mandy was starting to sound a little angry. 

 "I...well...it just..." 

 BRRRRRRING!!!! 

 It was the school bell. Trisha was both relieved and unhappy that it rang; on the one hand, it had saved her from explaining everything to Mandy. On the other hand, now she had to leave her friend standing in the hall, looking shocked, confused, and hurt. 

 "I...I'm sorry, Mandy! I'll call you tonight!" she said over her shoulder, hurrying away to her class. 

 As soon as she reached her classroom, she picked a desk in the back and flopped into it, her feet dangling off the chair. The petite cheerleader slowly arranged her lacy white skirt on her legs; she didn't usually wear miniskirts, but her weekend with Britney had made her a little braver. It wasn't quite the skin-tight minis that Britney wore, but it was short and cute, made of lacy white frills that stopped near the tops of her thighs. The blouse she wore was brave for her too; the V-neck plunged lower than she normally wore, revealing just a teasing peak of her 32C breasts, perky and ample in contrast to her slight, slender frame. 

 She couldn't lie to herself either; as she had examined her outfit that morning in the mirror, she couldn't help but admire her reflection; her miniskirt showing off her bare legs, her blouse accentuating the curves of her firm chest and her tiny waist. This is what I like about hanging out with Britney...the way it makes me feel! If only I could make Mandy understand that...Trisha slunk down in her chair and wondered where Britney was taking her today. 

 *** 

 Less than half an hour after the final bell rang, Britney's car was pulling up to a dingy old store, tucked in the corner of a strip mall. Trisha was in the passenger seat, still a little glum. 

 "So I guess your friend Mandy doesn't like me very much, huh?" 

 "Oh..." Trisha blushed a little bit. "Umm...it's not that she doesn't like you...it's just..." 

 Britney cut her off. "Don't worry, Trish. Trust me, I'm used to girls not liking me. Comes with the territory, ya know?" She grinned as she got out of the car, and Trisha did the same. 

 "Yeah...okay. Still...I'm sorry." 

 "Like I said, don't worry. Cute skirt, by the way." Britney smirked as she watched the petite cheerleader carefully tug it down, making sure it covered her ass. 

 "Thanks. So...what is this place?" 

 "Well," a sly grin crept across the head cheerleader's face. "You were telling me over the weekend that you were thinking maybe I was right...how you maybe really were a slut. And you wanted to explore it a little more?" 

 "Um...I guess..." Trisha shifted a bit on her feet. She still had a little trouble hearing the word "slut" applied to her; she couldn't admit it outright the way Britney could. 

 "So I thought maybe I'd help you a little bit." 

 The cheerleader glanced up at Britney's words. Uh oh.The grin on Britney's face was starting to worry Trisha. What's she going to make me do?She laughed nervously. "Umm...Britney...what's going on...?" 

 "Relax, hun. You'll see." The head cheerleader swung open the door. A sign in the window said: "OPEN: You must be 18 and older to enter." The sign just below said: "XXX! Hottest material around! Books, Magazines, and More!" It's an adult bookstore. Britney's taking me into an adult bookstore...Her heart pounding, the cheerleader slowly followed her friend into the store. Uh oh... 

 The store was small and cramped with aisles of books, but there were a surprising number of people inside. Britney gestured Trisha to follow her. 

 "Umm...are you going to get me a dirty book, Britney? Cause I mostly just rely on my imagination for...you know." 

 Britney laughed. "Don't worry. I just want to show you something in the back." 

 As she followed the class slut, threading through the shelves, Trisha glanced at the rows of books; covers with naked, ecstatic women and muscular, hulking men. She paused for a moment in front of a magazine rack, where a girl in a cheerleader's outfit was on her knees, half a dozen cocks hanging in front of her, her entire grinning face and huge chest plastered with sticky white streaks. A caption in big red letters read: SLUTTY NICOLE'S PHOTOSHOOT! DRENCHED IN CUM!Trisha stared at the picture for a moment before blushing and hurrying on, her miniskirt swishing as she caught up with Britney. 

 The head cheerleader walked into the back, past the bathrooms, and gestured Trisha into an unlabeled door at the end of the hallway. The two girls walked in, and Britney shut the door. Trisha looked around, confused. The room was completely devoid of furniture or even a bookshelf, but it was surprisingly well-lit. The walls were blank too, the paint peeling, except for a massive mirror, which stretched across the top half of one wall. Just below it was a row of four round holes, each only a few inches wide. Weird. They must be for electrical chords or...something. 

 "Umm...what did you want to show me?" 

 "Oh, you know." Britney gave a vague shrug. "Just wanted you to check out this room." She had a strange grin on her face, and as Trisha glanced around, she heard a door creak open out in the hallway, and footsteps that seemed just on the other side of the wall. And she didn't miss Britney's grin grow wider at the sound. 

 "Britney...what's going on?" 

 The head cheerleader shrugged again. "Nothing, Trish. It's no big deal. Just...you know...get comfortable. Make yourself at home." 

 Britney dropped her purse in the corner and then walked to the center of the room, her boots clicking. And then, out of nowhere, Britney tossed her head, throwing her blonde curls forward and then back. She ran her hands sensually through her hair, and then bent over, her ass facing the mirror. Her cheerleaders' flexibility showed at once; Britney easily touched her toes, and Trisha watched as the class slut's miniskirt slid up her ass, revealing a black, lacy thong and the generous lobes of her ass. Britney stayed bent over for just a second, and then straightened, stretching towards the sky, arching her back and thrusting her massive chest forward. Trisha could only stare in silence, completely confused. 

 'Britney...what...what the heck's going on?" As she spoke, she suddenly heard more noises, coming from the wall; almost like rustling, or people moving. 

 "Just stretching. Come on, join me!" Britney bent down and touched her toes, then straightened and stretched one more; her miniskirt was now ridden halfway up her ass. Exasperated, Trisha walked up to Britney, stopping right in front of her. She looked up at her friend's face– Britney was several inches taller than the petite cheerleader, and the boots only made her even taller – and demanded: "Britney! Tell me what's going on!" 

 The head cheerleader leaned down, grinning, and whispered in Trisha's ear: "What do you think those holes are for, Trisha?" 

 The cheerleader glanced over Britney's shoulder. There were four of them, spaced about a foot apart, in a row. "I...I don't know..." 

 "Think, hun. What would fit just perfectly in one of those holes?" 

 Trisha paused for a moment, staring, confused. She looked back up at Britney and saw her grin, and then she gasped. No way! It couldn't be!"Britney!" 

 The head cheerleader laughed at Trisha's shock. "It's a one-way mirror, sweetie," she whispered. "Everyone in the store knows what these rooms are for. As soon as we walked in back, I guarantee ya, every single guy ran into the room on the other side of that wall to watch us. And maybe more." She winked, then straightened up again, gasped her own tank top, and ripped it off in a single motion, tossing it in the corner. Her boobs sprung out, round and huge, in their black, lacy bra. 

 Trisha blushed fiercely as she watched Britney strip. "Britney! This is...this is weird! I'm not doing this!" 

 The head cheerleader gave Trisha an exasperated look. "Jesus, Trisha! You're willing to blow two cops but you can't dance for a few lonely men? How selfish of you!" She laughed. 

 "Well...I..." That was different. This is so...so...well...Trisha suddenly realized that she couldn't explain why it was different, even just to herself. 

 "Come on, Trish! You told me how much fun it was to be a slut! You said you loved how they couldn't get enough of you! So, now, every single one of those guys in the next room are waiting and praying that you'll get your pretty little butt out of that miniskirt! What do you think of that?" 

 Trisha paused, watching as Britney twirled around on the spot, thrusting her chest at the mirror and licking her lips. It wasthe exact same as the policemen last week, who had gaped and goggled at her as she sucked their cocks, who had run their hands over her body like she was some kind of idol. That night was so thrilling...and this...well...Maybe it was just that this was so direct; Britney walking in here just to strip, the men in the other room just to watch her. But even if it was strange, it was kind of empowering, in a funny sort of way, to think that a bunch of guys were in the next room, admiring her, wanting her, maybe even jerking off to her. That was what I heard...they really all ran into the other room just to watch us? 

 Out of nowhere, she suddenly wished she had worn high heels to go along with her skirt. I would have been even sexier...no! This is weird! They're just...watching me! That's so...so...But she didn't know what it was. She glanced over her shoulder at the holes in the wall, at the mirror, musing silently. Britney was running her hands over her body, ever-so-slowly pulling the cups of her bra off of her double-D tits. It's...so dirty!Her body flushed at the thought of it. 

 "Well, Trisha?" Now, Britney's bra was in the corner too, and she was playing with her tits, squeezing and groping them in front of the mirror. 

 "I...um..." 

 "What...still think there's something wrong with a slut?" 

 Maybe...I don't know...Slowly, timidly, the cheerleader leaned her petite body forward, standing on her tip-toes and letting her miniskirt ride up to reveal a peek of her ass in the one-way mirror. She did it only for a moment; the next second, she flopped back down, too embarrassed and self-conscious to continue. 

 Britney laughed. "Come on, girl! You gotta give them a little more than that!" 

 Trisha glanced nervously at her friend. The cheerleader couldn't deny it; part of her wanted to give a show, just like Britney, but...this is so weird!Still, she tried again, bending forward and slightly spreading her legs. She uneasily began to run her hands up and down her legs, finally easing them up her thighs and riding up her skirt, revealing her cotton pink panties. 

 "Yeah, hun! That's the spirit." The head cheerleader laughed, standing topless next to Trisha and admiring her. But Britney could tell that Trisha was still nervous, so she raised her head and called out to the wall: "What do you think, boys? You approve?" 

 Trisha jumped in shock as she heard a patter of muffled voices from the other room, some thick and loud, others quiet. 

 "Yeah...yeah..." 

 "Nice ass!" 

 "Show us more, sweetheart!" 

 Trisha gaped up at Britney, shocked and delighted at the reactions. The head cheerleader grinned back. "Well, hun...you asked me to teach you. Here's your first lesson. Get every single one of our friends in the other room to cum." 

 The petite cheerleader couldn't help smiling. Hearing their responses through the wall was unexpected, but on the other hand, it made her feel so confident, knowing what they thought of her body. Her confidence bubbled into pride, and her pride become excitement, racing through her body and filling her with eager energy. So...seeing my ass gets you excited, huh?A mischievous grin crept across her face, and she felt her chest rise. You ain't seen nothing yet! 

 Seconds later, her blouse was up around her shoulders, revealing a white bra, and Trisha was slowly, teasingly tugging it over her head, wiggling her petite body back and forth as she did it. She shook out her long brown hair as she pulled the top off her body, and then began to run her hands over her slender, dainty frame. Then, they were at her chest, tugging the cups of her bra down, showing off her round, 32C-cup tits. The two cheerleaders were now both in front of the mirror, dancing, bending over, running their hands over their tits, down their legs, each giving teasing glances up their miniskirts. We're such a contrast...Trisha thought. Britney was tall and curvy, her legs long, her massive tits bulging. The head cheerleader was squeezing both of them now, and raised one nipple up to her mouth, licking her own tit, flicking it with her tongue. And then there was Trisha, barely over five feet tall, looking cute and innocent, with perky tits and a lithe, slim body. She grinned at Britney, and the head cheerleader winked back. Trisha reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, letting it drop to the floor, flashing a sweet smile at the mirror, imagining the crowd of men behind it. Then, she twirled around twice in the spot, her eyes pouty and sweet, her hands on her gently flared hips, a petite eighteen-year-old clad in nothing but a lacy miniskirt and tennis shoes. Her eagerness and her excitement coursed through her as she spun, filling her with confidence, and an almost desperate desire to show off her body as much as possible. 

 Her hands clasped her skirt, and Trisha was starting to wriggle it down her hips when Britney stopped her. The head cheerleader grinned down at her friend, laughing at her enthusiasm. "Trish, honey. You gotta slow down a bit!" 

 "Huh?" 

 The head cheerleader tossed her hair. "First rule of exciting a man: make them wait. Never give them everything they want at once. You have to take your time." Britney winked at Trisha. "Then, when you finally get to the good stuff, they're already bursting to cum." With that, the head cheerleader turned back to the mirror, still playing with her tits, still turning and running her hands over her legs. 

 Trisha nodded at Britney's words. She thought back now to her striptease for Mr. Braun – it seems so long ago! – when she was trying to stall him as long as possible. Then she turned back to the mirror, running her hands over her firm, perky tits, gently squeezing them, pinching her sensitive nipples, feeling a tiny thrill flow through her chest. She shuddered gently, feeling the pleasure run across her skin. Trisha arched her back and raised herself on her tiptoes, flaunting her ass at the mirror, her miniskirt just barely covering her curves. She slipped two fingers into her mouth, licking them, coating them in her saliva, then gently began to run them across her tits, circling her nipples, feeling them respond to her gentle touch. 

 It felt like her entire body was overrun with excitement, and the cheerleader didn't even know why. All she was doing was dancing in front of a mirror, in an empty room; she wasn't even naked. But just the thought of those men, eyeing every inch of her, and their voices that had called out to her; it was all she needed. She loved the thought of them crowded around the mirror, staring at her, admiring her perky chest and her sexy body. Maybe some of them even have their cocks out...maybe they're jacking off, just watching me and Britney, just imagining what it would feel like to fuck us...Trisha shuddered gently in lust, and she knew that the thoughts were a little conceited, but she indulged herself anyway. She imagined the entire room crowded full of men, pushing for a good view, every single pair of eyes locked on her short, dainty frame, fixed on her miniskirt, hoping that she would raise it up just a couple inches and show them her panties. Her panties...which were now soaking wet... 

 Ooooh...Trisha wasn't even thinking about what she was doing now; her mind was lost in her imagination, her lust had taken over her body. A hand slowly began to sneak down her waist, towards the hem of her miniskirt. Just think about what they're imagining now...all the ways they would fuck me, pound me, ravage every inch of me...Eagerly, the cheerleader slid her hand under her skirt and her panties, slowly caressing the tender skin, and then, she was at her pussy, dripping with anticipation, and a wave of pleasure rushed through her. 

 "Oh..." Trisha threw back her shoulders and arched her back, thrusting her perky chest out. Her fingertips were already soaked with her juices, and she gently began to rub back and forth at the soft lips of her pussy, each motion making her shudder with lust. All Trisha could think about were those men, and their rock-hard dicks, standing at attention just for her. They're probably jacking off now...they're trying to cum as they watch me...She suddenly realized what a sight she must be, on her tip-toes, her hand buried in her miniskirt, her head back, rubbing at her own twat. But the thought only turned her on more, and she let out a soft moan as she dug her fingers deeper into her cunt. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 08 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Ohhh..." 

 Her lust had completely overtaken her now, but just at that moment, she felt Britney standing behind her, her massive tits pressed into Trisha's back. One of the head cheerleader's hands were gently sliding over Trisha's boobs, groping each one in turn. The other was outstretched in front of the petite cheerleader, and Trisha couldn't take her eyes off it. Grasped in Britney's hand was the head cheerleader's thick, 12-inch dildo. 

 "Brought it, just in case. Thought we might want to use it," the head cheerleader whispered in Trisha's ear. 

 Trisha's lust-addled body could barely control itself. She stared down at the dildo, her eyes big and eager, then glanced back up at Britney. "I thought we were supposed to make them wait for the good stuff, Brit," she teased. 

 The head cheerleader laughed. "I think we've waited long enough, don't you think?" 

 Trisha nodded. "Definitely." 

 She whirled around and grinned at her friend. Then the cheerleader sat down, her miniskirt fluttering out around her as she raised and spread her legs. Britney laughed. 

 "Always so selfish, Trisha," she teased. "If you don't face the mirror, all our nice friends can't see." 

 "Oh." Trisha quickly rearranged, stretching herself across the floor in front of the mirror. Her eyes were bright and excited as she watched Britney, naked except for her heels, kneel in front of her, the dildo clasped in one hand, the other one gently running across Trisha's bare legs. Every inch of Trisha's body was pounding with lust now. Her mind rushed once more with the image of the other room, full of men, staring down at the two cheerleaders. They're going to watch me masturbate! They're going to see Britney fuck me with a dildo...Her slender hips trembled softly as Britney slowly, teasingly raised Trisha's miniskirt off of her legs, and gently pushed her panties aside. The head cheerleader smirked. 

 "Holy shit, Trish. You're soaking wet." 

 The petite cheerleader nodded, her breathing harder now, her eyes still fixed on the dildo. "I...I know. I want it, Britney...I..." 

 "I know you do." Britney lowered the dildo to Trisha's twat. Ever so softly, she began to rub the head of the dildo against the petite cheerleader's pussy, pressing gently against her tender flesh. Trisha's body flushed at the sensation, and she gently rocked her hips up against the sex toy, letting it slide up and down against her cunt. Britney began to rub the toy in a tiny circle, grinding gently against Trisha's pussy lips, watching as the cheerleader's body trembled against her touch. Trisha let out a soft moan. 

 "Britney...oh God...put it in...please..." 

 The head cheerleader grinned. "You sure, Trish?" she teased. "You sure you want it?" 

 Trisha was panting, softly, her eyes wide and desperate as she watched the dildo gently rubbing against her aching pussy. "Yes...oh God...fuck me..." 

 "Then tell me you're a slut, Trisha." Britney smirked as she watched the dainty cheerleader, struggling, fighting to contain her eagerness, gently rocking against the motion of the dildo. 

 "Oh...I..." 

 "I want to hear you say it out loud. I want to hear you admit it." 

 Trisha's mouth was open as she panted, but she stayed silent. As lost as she was in her lust, she still had trouble saying the word. Maybe it's true, but...I don't...I can't... 

 "Come on, Trisha." Britney slid the dildo up across Trisha's pussy, and slowly, teasingly, began to tweak the cheerleader's clit. Trisha gasped, and the girl's entire body jolted slightly in response. 

 "Ohhh my God..." 

 "Say it, Trisha. What are you?" 

 "I...oh God...oh please, Britney..." 

 "Tell me and all the nice men what you are, Trisha. Tell us and I'll let you fuck it." 

 Trisha closed her eyes and felt the last bit of her resistance slip effortlessly away, giving in to the lust that had conquered and overwhelmed her body. 

 "I...I'm a slut, Britney. A dirty slut...oh God...please...please!" 

 Keeping her word, Britney gently thrust the dildo into Trisha's twat, piercing into the cheerleader's aching flesh, plunging deep. Trisha's entire body bucked upwards, her eyes flying open and her legs twitching in response as she felt the toy finally inside of her, stretching her wide. 

 "Yes! Oh my God!!!" 

 Britney began to fuck her gently, pumping the petite cheerleader's pussy, plowing the dildo in and out. Trisha's body was rocking in rhythm now, her hips thrusting up in rhythm to meet Britney's pumps. She was panting hard now, her eyes raised to the ceiling and her head arched back as she squealed in pleasure. 

 "Yes...Britney...yesss!" 

 Her pussy was red-hot with pleasure now; it had been aching so long to be filled, and now it finally was, stuffed full with the dildo, bursting with pleasure at every thrust. Trisha's chest began to heave with her breathing, her entire body grinding against the dildo, now soaked and dripping with her excitement. 

 The head cheerleader's bright blue eyes were fixed on the dildo, plunging in and out of her friend. "Yeah, Trisha...fuck that's hot..." 

 And then, all of a sudden, Britney was scooting forward, her own legs spread, lowering her ass towards the dildo. She was still fucking Trisha, but as she did it, she began to guide the other end towards her own cunt. Trisha watched as she panted, her eyes wide. 

 "Britney...you..." 

 "Yeah Trisha...fuck yeah...bring that dildo to me." 

 Their legs were entangled now, as Britney carefully positioned her twat near the other end of the dildo. 

 "Britney..." 

 "Don't stop, Trisha." 

 Gently, still making sure to fuck Trisha, the head cheerleader slid the opposite end of the sex toy into her own pussy, engulfing it. She moaned softly as it pierced into her twat. 

 "Oooh...fuck..." 

 "Ohhh...Britney..." 

 Trisha gaped and stared as she watched Britney gently push herself onto the dildo, her own body quivering as she felt the pressure of Britney's movements burying the toy even deeper into her own twat. Britney still had one hand on the dildo, and was gently jerking it back and forth, each way working deeper into one of the girls. A thrust one way would pierce into Trisha, making the little cheerleader arch her back and squeal in pleasure; the other way would jam into Britney, prompting a low moan of lust from the head cheerleader. The two girls were gently rocking now, their legs intertwined, their hips thrusting towards each other, sharing the dildo, moaning and whimpering in tandem as it slithered between their soaked cunts. 

 Trisha's miniskirt was bunched around her waist, flopping back and forth as she rocked, her panties scrunched to the side. Britney's clothes were in a pile in the corner of the room; her knee-high boots clicked and scraped against the floor of the room as she grinded against the dildo. Stronger and harder, the two girls bucked, each hard thrust burying the dildo deeper in their own pussy and shoving it further into the other girl's too. Trisha's legs were straining, and she was on the balls of her feet now, her hands planted behind her on the floor to power herself against the toy, fucking it, bathing in the pleasure of it plunging into her and stretching her eager twat. She raised her eyes to the ceiling and let out a loud wail of pleasure as she fucked. 

 "Yes, Britney! YES!" 

 The head cheerleader only had room on the dildo for one hand; the rest of it was deep in one of the girls' dripping cunts. They were bucking hard now, their legs pumping, their hair flailing, each of them panting heavily in between their moans and screams of lust. Britney's groans were soft and sensual, but Trisha's cries were loud, echoing through the room, her chest heaving and her perky tits bouncing as she rocked. Britney's smooth, long legs were taut with effort, her massive boobs bounding up and down on her chest. Trisha could feel the heat of Britney's lust, pulsing from her pussy, plowing the dildo deep into her own bulging cunt, fucking her with even more force. 

 Then, Britney pulled her hand away, and Trisha suddenly realized that the entire length was buried in their twats, shared between them, engulfed entirely by their eager, desperate bodies. The petite cheerleader let out a breathless gasp as she realized it, looking down at their wild, thrashing hips, seeing nothing but their flushed flesh. She felt Britney's pussy lips mashed against her own, warm and wet and tender. The dildo was so big inside of her, and being right next to Britney, feeling the head cheerleader's stretched pussy right next to her own, it was almost too much to take. She let out a desperate scream as she writhed, her hips furiously fucking against Britney's, her entire body sweating with the effort. 

 "Yes! Oh God, Yes!" 

 As she panted, she saw the tip of a cock appear near one of the holes, then another, and finally in all four of them. It was only the tips, and they seemed to be bouncing back and forth, moving frantically. Trisha suddenly realized that they were all jacking off, their cocks next to the wall, hoping to spray on the two bucking cheerleaders. A grin broke across her face as her body heaved back and forth, realizing how incredible the scene must look. Two naked, high-school girls, stretched out in front of them, grinding and fucking with all their might, so wild with lust that they had buried Britney's foot-long dildo deep in between them. We must look so hot! 

 "Fuck yeah!" Britney had spotted the dicks too, and was grinning up at the mirror, knowing that she was staring into four pairs of eyes, fixed on their sweating, eager bodies. Trisha smiled up at the mirror too, her eyes wild and eager, her entire body tingling with the knowledge that her and Britney's scene was getting all of these men off. They're pressed up against the wall with their cocks out, a bunch of strangers...just staring at us. We're just two dirty girls, putting on a show.Her petite body shuddered with joy as she thrashed wildly against Britney's hips, the dildo thrusting and jerking deep in her twat. Ohhh...I hope they cum soon! 

 "Urrrgh!" 

 A muffled groan came from the wall, and Trisha breathed out a surprised gasp as she felt plops of warm, wet goo sprinkle down onto her wild, flushed skin. One of the men had reached climax, and was shooting his cum through the hole, showering down on the two girls as they fucked. Britney laughed, arching her head back as more globs shot forth, dribbling onto their bodies, glistening dots of white on their eager flesh. Trisha's pussy felt stuffed to the brim, jolts of pleasure rushing through her entire body, making her shudder and moan, buck and beg for more. And Britney's pleasure was only turning her on further; the head cheerleader's entire face was flushed red, and the force of her furious rocking was so strong that Trisha had to thrust back with all her might just to keep up. She could feel the warm cum splattered across her tits, slowly running down her body, and every drop seemed to send a fierce, burning lust through her, penetrating her and radiating out across her flesh. She bucked even harder, feeling the dildo squelch and slide back and forth between the two cheerleaders' twats. 

 "Ohhh...Britney!" 

 "Fuck! Fuck yeah!" 

 Out of the corner of her eye, Trisha saw another cock thrust through a hole. Guess someone else is ready,she thought, and then felt a powerful thrill rush through her. I don't know a single one of the guys in the next room; I don't even know how many there are.All she knew them was their cocks, driven to climax by her and Britney, ready to cum all over them. She arched her head back, relishing the thought of the entire scene, and let out a wild scream. 

 "Yes! OH GOD YES!" 

 The semen came, a thick rope that splattered down near Trisha's navel, already dribbling down towards her frantically thrusting hips. The petite cheerleader closed her eyes as she felt more of the hot goo stream across her, another line on her leg and a third just below her tits. The entire world was only a blur to her now; her own frenzied screams, Britney's eager wails, the furious pounding of the head cheerleader's hips against her own, and now all of this cum, dribbling onto them, coating them. And the dildo, thrusting so deep into her, impaling her, piercing into her hot little body. Ohh...it's so deep! 

 "God!!! Ohh....Britney!!! OH MY GOD!" 

 "Yeah, Trisha! Fuck!" 

 Trisha's eyes were still closed as she screamed and bucked. Suddenly, she felt a splash of warm goo on her face, and realized that a third man was cumming, his cock thrust through a hole that must be near her head. She felt the thick stream running down her flushed cheek, and without even thinking, she opened her mouth and thrust out her tongue, eager to taste some of the spunk for herself. The next anonymous stream shot across the bridge of her nose, missing her mouth completely, but the third splashed across her lips, dribbling onto her tongue, and the petite cheerleader eagerly lapped it up, tasting it, smelling his hot load on her face, swishing her mouthful back and forth before swallowing it. 

 Britney's voice rang through the room. "Yeah, Trisha! Fuck yeah!" And then, out of nowhere, it was echoed by the shouts and whoops of several men. 

 "Whoa! Yeah baby!" 

 "Swallow that jizz!" 

 "You fucking slut!" 

 Trisha's eyes burst open at their words. As she bucked wildly, she pictured the scene in her mind. Two cheerleaders, spread out on the floor, sharing a dildo, burying its entire length in between them, their cunts so full that they were just bucking against each other, their soaked, wet pussy lips mashed together. Her swollen twat was completely stuffed and her flushed body was showered with cum, all across her, warm and gooey. Now, she had just swallowed a random man's seed, and all while countless others watched her lick it up...watched her buck and fuck...watched her sexy body rock back and forth. Ohhh...yess!! It's too much! 

 Barely a month ago, she would have found even the thought of this scene revolting. Naked in a room, getting off in full knowledge that a random group of strangers were watching her. And with another girl! She wasn't even lesbian, but here she was, her own swollen pussy pressed up against Britney's, the two cheerleaders thrusting hard against one another. Now, thinking about the scene only added more to her wild lust. It was so completely wild and wrong, so unbelievably dirty. This is beyond anything I could have ever imagined! I'm sharing a dildo with another girl! I'm naked in a random room, letting a bunch of strangers cum on me!Her body was completely lost to her pleasure. I've turned into someone so nasty! So slutty! 

 Panting and thrusting, Britney watched Trisha, her face coated in spunk, her glazed eyes raised to the ceiling, and knew instantly that the petite cheerleader was just on the edge. With all her might, she jammed her hips forward and up, powering the dildo deep into her friend's pussy with so much force that Trisha's ass was thrust up into the air. Trisha's face burst into an expression of pure pleasure, and her chest heaved desperately as she let out a wild, ear-splitting scream. 

 "Ahhhh! OHHH G-GOD!!! OHHHH BRITNEY!!!!" 

 Trisha's vision spun and her mind went blank as Britney's sudden thrust plunged the dildo deep into her pussy, so deep, and it sent a spike of red-hot pleasure that burst through the petite cheerleader. She spasmed and bucked desperately as her orgasm rocked her hard, ravaging every inch of her flesh, wracking her with wave after wave of joy. Her helpless little body heaved up and down as she let out scream after scream. 

 "OHHHH GODDD!!! OHHHH!!!!" 

 She was shuddering and trembling now, barely even able to contain the pleasure, her orgasm ready to burst through her body, so strong and wild that she could only let it out in screams and thrashes. At last, the waves died down, letting her aching muscles relax, and Trisha continued to pant and whimper as she recovered, still thrusting back against Britney. Her arms and legs were still trembling from the effort, and Trisha let out a ragged sigh of joy as Britney shouted out loud. 

 "Yeah, Trish!" she panted. "Fuck yeah, you slut!" 

 Britney's words rang through Trisha's frazzled brain, and she grinned. Panting and quivering, her little body still recovering from her orgasm, she realized that the thought of it was wonderful. She didn't know why, but for some reason the thought of it soared through her, her happiness mixing with the pleasure still radiating from her pussy, soaking her in it. At that moment, she couldn't care less about what Mandy or anyone else thought. I'm a slut!She repeated the words to herself, over and over. I'm a slut! Just like... 

 Her thought suddenly returned to the scene, and she realized Britney was still bucking hard against the dildo, her wails thick and desperate, her body covered in a thin sheen of sweat and sprinkled with cum. Trisha had stopped rocking, but now she thrust back hard, plunging the dildo deep into the head cheerleader's twat, and Britney responded with a loud, desperate cry. 

 "Oh GOD! Trisha!" 

 Trisha watched as the head cheerleader closed her eyes, giving in to her pleasure, and at that moment, another dick was thrust through the wall, and it shot a thick stream of cum across Britney's massive tits, dribbling in gooey streams across her nipples and running down her chest. The head cheerleader thrust her chest forward as she felt the warm semen, her cum-strewn boobs bouncing as she bucked. Trisha leaned forward, still watching Britney's flushed, wild body, and her fingertips found the swollen nub of her friend's clit. 

 "Yes! Yes, Trisha!" 

 "Ahhhh!" A muffled moan came from the other side of the wall, and Trisha watched as yet another cock was thrust through a hole, already spurting its load. This one shot just below Britney's navel, and slowly dribbled its way to her crotch. Trisha could feel the hot white goo on her fingertips, the stream reaching Britney's clit and lubricating it with sticky wetness. Trisha rubbed harder now, slathering the tiny nub with the spunk, tweaking it back and forth, watching Britney twitch and trash in pleasure. The head cheerleader threw her head back and let out a wild, uncontrollable wail. 

 "Ohhhhhhh GODDDD!!!" 

 Trisha watched as her friend's entire body thrashed upwards, and Britney lost herself in her own orgasm. The petite cheerleader's hand was still firm on Britney's clit, a blur now as she worked away, and she could feel the head cheerleader's pussy spasm and clench on the dildo. Britney's wails and whimpers were soft but fierce, echoing through the room, her massive tits heaving as she panted in desperation, her slender, gorgeous legs trembling with ecstasy. 

 "O-oh.....Oh....T-Trisha....don't stop...d-don't....please..." The brash, loud Britney was gone now; in her place was only an eager girl overtaken by her climax. 

 "O-ohhh m-my....Goddd..." 

 Britney's eyes were tightly closed and her body kept trembling, her arms taut and her fingers silently clawing at the floor. Finally, Trisha slowed her rubbing, gently circling the head cheerleader's swollen clit, watching as Britney's entire face flushed with her after-orgasm glow. She was still panting, and her eyes were still closed as she whispered to her friend. 

 "Fuck...yes...that was amazing, Trish..." 

 Trisha grinned. "It was my pleasure." 

 "Ours too!" A voice rang out from behind the mirror, and Trisha and Britney both laughed. The two cheerleaders got to their feet, each giggling at the other as they slowly steadied their wobbling legs. Trisha turned to study her reflection in the one-way mirror. Her hair was a mess and her face was flushed red from effort. Thick streams of cum were splattered across her body, coating her face, running down her neck, splashed on her perky tits and her dainty legs. Even her miniskirt had a few obvious splotches. But the smile in the mirror was unmistakable. Trisha's bright brown eyes beamed back at her as she grinned towards the mirror. Britney tossed her hair and called out to the wall. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 08 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Till next time, boys!" 

 Trisha was now looking down at herself, carefully cleaning the cum spot by spot off her petite body. "So I guess this isn't the first time you've done this, huh?" 

 "Nope." Britney laughed. "By now I think they recognize me here. Still, I've never done anything even close to – hey! What the fuck do you think you're doing?" 

 Trisha looked up. "What?" 

 "You're wiping all that cum off!" 

 "Um...yeah. What, did you think I'm going to go outside like this?" 

 Britney's face broke into a wicked grin. "You're damn right you are!" 

 Trisha froze in shock. "W...what?" 

 "Leave that cum on, hun! We're walking out of here just like this, so everyone will know how slutty we really are." 

 Trisha's jaw dropped and her face colored scarlet at the thought. "Britney! Are you out of your mind?" Everyone would see! It's broad daylight! "You're crazy if you think I'm going out there like this?" 

 "Yeah?" The head cheerleader grinned even wider. "Maybe. But you know, if I had told you last month that you were going to fuck a teacher, blow two policemen, and get off with a dildo in front of a bunch of strangers, you'd have called me crazy then too." 

 Trisha's mouth was still open, but she was struck dumb by Britney's response. The head cheerleader was right. Still, though...this is unbelievable! I can't believe Britney is even considering this!She blushed even more fiercely at the thought of walking through the store topless, splattered from head to foot in cum, for everyone to see. Her hands went to her chest, covering herself, just thinking about it. 

 Britney burst out laughing. "Okay, okay...compromise?" She bent down and picked up Trisha's bra, dangling it in front of her. "I'll let you at least cover your tits. But they have to see you covered in cum, hun." 

 "Britney...I..." Trisha took her bra, but didn't move. 

 Britney slipped her own bra on and gathered her things. "Come on, Trisha! This is exactly what I've been trying to tell you this entire time! Being a slut isn't about the sex!" 

 Trisha raised an eyebrow, and Britney grinned. 

 "Well...okay, maybe it isabout the sex. But it's more than that! It's about not giving a shit what people think! You can't just be nasty in private and then hide it from the rest of the world. You've gotta be free, Trish! Just let you nasty mind go!" 

 And with that, Britney swung open the door and strode out, her own gorgeous body showered in cum, her massive tits covered only in her bra, bouncing slightly as she walked. 

 Still holding her bra, Trisha looked down at her slender frame, at the globs of cum that had become streams, running down her supple chest and her taut waist in white streaks, dribbled across her legs. She couldn't imagine a sluttier scene than this – a petite, eighteen-year-old girl coated in the spunk of countless strangers, in nothing but a bra and a cum-stained miniskirt, striding through an adult bookstore. It was hard to believe she was even thinking about it. But then...she must have been thinking the same thing before she got down on her knees back in October and sucked Mr. Braun's cock. And now...now it felt so long ago. Is this just another thing I'm too afraid to do? Just another thing I have to get over? 

 Slowly, tentatively, Trisha slipped the bra over her shoulders and her chest, and reached behind to secure the back. She picked up her crumpled blouse, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. Then, slowly, nervously, she followed Britney out into the store. 

 Oh God...the store's twice as crowded as when we came in...Trisha's face burned as she slowly exited the back hallway. It felt like every eye was on the cheerleader as she walked, staring at her gorgeous, perky tits in her bra, at her smooth legs and lithe frame. Trisha realized that some of the customers were probably wondering if she was even legal; this petite girl, barely over five feet, her sole piece of clothing a little, frilly miniskirt. Several of the men in the store gave her a grin that told her they had been in the next room, but the petite cheerleader kept her eyes straight ahead, trotting slowly, her stained skirt swishing. The men had subjected her to a thorough treatment; they had gotten cum on every part of her – a thick stream on her cheek and another on her nose, large splatters on her tits that had run down her waist, and more streaks trailing down her thighs, past her knees and her ankles. Her skin was cold – the jism was drying on her, now glistening in the light of the store against her skin. 

 As she walked to the front of the store, she caught one more glimpse of the magazine rack, and spotted the cover with the girl named Nicole, grinning through a thick blanket of cum. Trisha suddenly realized that the girl's hair and eyes were the exact same shade as her own. She hurried to the front of the store where Britney was waiting, also only in a bra and miniskirt, chatting with the store owner. 

 "Shit, Britney," the man was saying, leering at the head cheerleader. "I could hear you two screaming from all the way out here. Which one of you was that?" 

 "Her," Britney responded immediately, pointing to Trisha. "Her name's Trisha. And she always screams when she cums." 

 "Britney!" Trisha blushed a deep crimson as the store owner grinned at her. The head cheerleader let out a loud laugh as she strode out the door to her car, Trisha hurrying to follow her. 

 "Trisha, hun, I've got a good feeling about this." Britney grinned at her friend as she pulled out her car keys. "We've got lots of fun waiting for us." Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 09 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 Five Months Later... 

 "So he was into face-fucking you, huh?" 

 "Yeah. I mean, he wasn't huge or anything, so I could definitely deepthroat him. But I figured I'd throw in a couple chokes and gags just to keep him happy." 

 Britney laughed at Trisha's remark. In the last five months, the two girls had become closer than ever. Trisha didn't know it at the time, but that day at the bookstore, so long ago, had changed everything. Since then, the two cheerleaders had become inseparable. Britney had given her confidence, had taught her how to tease a man and flaunt her taut, eighteen-year-old body. She had helped Trisha revamp her entire wardrobe, replacing cute, flowery blouses with skin-tight tops and miniskirts, teaching her how to walk in stiletto heels. And, of course, she had given her more than a few sex tips. 

 "Yeah, I think that's pretty much just a male thing. No matter who the guy is, he always loves it when a girl chokes on his dick." 

 Trisha laughed as the two girls walked down the school's hallway. A pair of football players were chatting by their lockers, and as the two cheerleaders passed by, they exchanged knowing smiles. Trisha grinned as the memory flashed through her mind – the four of them, in the back of one of the jock's truck, entwined in one another, rolling around in the dark, switching partners, not even knowing who was who... 

 A short, blonde-haired girl was walking quickly past, clutching a math book to her chest. She offered Trisha a nervous, half-smile. 

 "Hey Trisha..." 

 Trisha smiled back. "Hi Mandy." She and Mandy had been best friends for so long, but now, she knew that Mandy just couldn't deal with everything that had changed. The last straw had been when rumors flew around that Trisha had slept with the AP History teacher, Mr. Braun. Deep inside her stomach, she felt a tiny cringe as she remembered their late-night phone conversation, when Mandy had shamefully admitted to Trisha that she couldn't be friends with her anymore. It was hard to accept, but somehow, Trisha had known that it was coming. She couldn't help who she was, and neither could Mandy. 

 Mandy gave a weak wave and then hurried on, eager to leave, and Trisha didn't bother trying to stop her. Instead, she kept up with Britney. The head cheerleader was wearing a skintight minidress, her boobs bursting out the top and her curvaceous butt barely covered by the swishing skirt. Trisha was wearing a pair of cutoff denim shorts, so tiny that the bottom of her ass poked out. Her boobs strained against the tight fabric of a white T-shirt, and the stiletto heels of her ankle-high boots clacked against the tile floor. The two of them were almost complete opposites: Britney was tall and blonde, standing several inches over Trisha, and always loud and the center of attention. Trisha was petite and slender, barely over five feet, and her cute smile, wavy brown hair, and innocent looks could have passed her off as the sweet girl next door any day. And yet, every single person in school knew exactly who both of them were; the class sluts, the hottest and the nastiest girls that had ever walked the school's halls. The two cheerleaders were almost out of the building when a tall, burly man in a brown suit stopped them. 

 "Hello, girls." It was Principal Johnson, standing in the middle of the hallway, arms crossed. 

 "Hi there, Principal." Britney smiled up at him. 

 "Mr. Braun tells me you were late for class this morning. Again." 

 Trisha gave a casual shrug. "Oops. Were we?" 

 "That's the third time this week. Three late classes in a row means detention." The Principal was doing his best to keep his voice hard, but for some reason he was struggling. He seemed to be nervous, or maybe even afraid. 

 Britney shook her head. "Mmm...I don't think so. We don't really want to go to detention." 

 "Well..." Principal Johnson began sputtering, "well, no one wantsto go to detention, but they have to, and so do you. I am the principal, after all." 

 Trisha stepped forward, thrusting her chest forward, pouting with puppy dog eyes. "But Principal Johnson, we really reallydon't wanna!" 

 "Well...I..." 

 Britney stepped forward too. "Do you...need some more convincing?" 

 "I..." The Principal seemed to be trying to get something out, but he couldn't do it. 

 Britney shrugged. "Okay...tomorrow morning then, before class. Same place. We'll be waiting." 

 "Damnett, girls, you can't just..." 

 Trisha leaned in to whisper in his ear. "And you might want to bring some pills or something this time, Principal. I mean...you didn't last very long last time, did you?" 

 The girls laughed and turned to walk away as the principal stood frozen, angry and speechless. "See you later, Principal!" 

 Britney grinned at Trisha as they walked into the parking lot. "God, I fucking love doing that." 

 "How'd that video tape of him turn out?" 

 "Perfect. You can see his fucking face turn purple and everything. Oh, that reminds me." Britney reached into her purse and fished out her camera. "I'm meeting up with that one guy from the bookstore. He said he wants to film us this time." 

 Trisha giggled. "That guy? I thought you were finished with him." 

 Britney shrugged. "Nah. He's not that big, but God, he knows how to fuck. None of this make love bullshit. Just a good hard pounding. Hey, you should come. You'd like him, Trish. He's pretty rough." 

 Trisha grinned, but she shook her head. "Maybe next time, Brit. My mom is picking me up today. She's probably going to give me another lecture on respecting myself." 

 Britney rolled her eyes. "God. I respect myself just fine. I've got so much respect for myself that I don't give a shit if other people care how many guys I've fucked." 

 Trisha nodded. "Yeah, I know. It's a drag. Oh, there she is." She hurried towards the car that was pulling into the parking lot. "See you later, Brit!" 

 "See ya, Trish." 

 Trisha hopped into the passenger car seat and threw her backpack in the back. Her mom was dressed in a business suit, and her disapproving gaze was sweeping over her daughter's outfit. 

 "Honey, that shirt is virtually see-through." 

 "Is it?" Trisha looked down at her shirt, confused and innocent. "I didn't notice." 

 Her mother sighed. "You need to be more careful. I don't know what I'm going to do with you. I see you're still hanging around with that Britney girl." 

 Trisha nodded, putting her feet up on the dashboard. "Yep. I like her." 

 "Well, I don't. I didn't get a chance to do our grocery shopping, so we have to stop off there now." She turned off the street and into a large, crowded parking lot. 

 "Shit, really Mom? You can't just do that tomorrow?" 

 "Watch your language. And if you don't want to wait, why don't you help me?" Her mother gathered up her purse and stepped out of the car. 

 "Okay, okay, never mind, forget it. I'll just wait out here." 

 Her mom sighed. "Fine...you can stay with the car. Maybe you can get started on your homework." 

 "Sure thing. Thanks, Mommy." 

 As soon as her mom disappeared into the grocery store, Trisha got out and leaned against the car, feeling the sunshine on her skin. She closed her eyes and stretched her little body in the hot afternoon, arching on her toes and raising her arms towards the sky. The sun was staring down at her, but the cheerleader got a strange feeling that something else was staring too. She opened her eyes and looked around. 

 She was right. A boy in a store employee's uniform was standing on the sidewalk, smoking and trying to look suave, but unable to keep his cool next to the sight of Trisha stretching in the sunlight. His mouth was slightly open, and he was blatantly staring straight at her gorgeous body, eyes wide and unblinking. Trisha smiled and waved in his direction. He jolted as if someone had hit him, briefly met her gaze, and immediately blushed and looked away. 

 "Hi there," Trisha said, flashing him a sweet, innocent smile. "Do I have something on my shirt?" 

 "Uh...no. Nope. Sorry." He hurriedly shoved the cigarette into his mouth and turned away, deliberately avoiding looking at her body. Trisha could tell that it was taking him a lot of effort. She felt a wicked, powerful thrill at how easily she could turn him on, at how obviously he was checking her out; her long, brown hair draped across her slender shoulders, her perky 32C tits thrust out in contrast to her lithe waist and her slightly flared hips, her gorgeous ass only helping to frame her smooth, athletic legs. The thrill grew and grew as she watched him, building into an eager hunger. She kept her innocent brown eyes on his, and offered another sweet smile. 

 "Are you sure? You were staring right at it." 

 She thrust her chest forward, and pretended to look down and examine herself. The boy was looking out at the parking lot now, desperately trying to keep his composure, forcing himself to avoid staring at Trisha's dainty, gorgeous frame. The cheerleader barely managed to stifle her giggle at his reaction. 

 "Uh..." 

 "You know what? I think there might be a stain. Can you see it? Right here." Trisha teasingly tugged the shirt against her chest, the outline of her tit clearly visible against the stretched fabric. She smiled again. 

 The boy gave in, turning his head to stare. Trisha felt another thrill as she watched his eyes greedily take in every part of her – her T-shirt, tied around the navel, exposing her smooth midriff, her perky breasts bulging out against the tight fabric. Trisha knew without looking that in the sun, the stretched fabric was see-through, and the boy was staring at her lacy white bra. He lingered around her cutoff jean shorts, her smooth ass just poking out of the bottom, teasing him, her legs slender and shapely. She crossed one boot-clad foot over the other, the sharp heel clacking against the pavement. Then, she leaned against the car, throwing her slight shoulders back, feeling his eyes on her petite body and loving every second of it. I want more... 

 "I...uh...I dunno if..." 

 Ooh...I want more!Trisha strode over to him, not waiting for him to finish. Her chest was nearly bursting with eagerness, and the same powerful hunger was now coursing through her. "Hey, do you work in here?" She gestured towards the supermarket. 

 "Uh...yeah, I work as –" 

 "You have a bathroom in the back?" 

 "Um...sure." 

 "Okay. Show me where it is." 

 "Uh...yeah, okay..." He discarded his cigarette and walked into the back warehouse, and Trisha followed him, running a hand through her long brown hair. It was mostly empty, although she could hear noises far off – someone talking, or loading some boxes. He was slightly hunched as he watched, and the cheerleader knew that he was trying to hide an erection. Just the thought of it sent a hot shudder through her little body. He led her to a door in the back, opening it to reveal a one-person bathroom, with a grimy toilet and a leaky sink. Trisha walked in. "Thanks." 

 The boy took a step back and began to close the door, but Trisha stopped him, and gave him her best pout. 

 "You're leaving?" 

 "Wha? I...uh...yeah...I thought..." 

 Trisha tried to offer another innocent pout, but couldn't help breaking into a wicked giggle halfway through. 

 "Don't do that! Stay for a while!" She winked at him, then she stepped forward, pressing her delicate body up against his, her firm, C-cup boobs mashed against him. She could feel his erection, throbbing against her stomach, as she raised herself on her tip-toes to whisper in his ear. "Maybe you can give me another stain." 

 The boy gasped. Without waiting for an answer, Trisha grabbed him around the collar, pulled him inside, and shut the door. The cheerleader could tell that he was utterly confused and unprepared – probably inexperienced too, but she didn't care. She was ready and eager; the moment she had felt his eyes running all over her body, her pussy had started to grow moist. Now, as she drew him towards her, she could feel her juices soaking her twat, her legs nearly trembling with anticipation. Oh God...I need to be fucked so badly!At barely five feet, she was much shorter than him, but she reached up and pulled him down into a kiss, shoving her tongue into his mouth. His tongue clumsily responded, flailing about, his breathing hard. A second later, she impatiently broke the kiss and whirled around, bending over and placing her hands on the toilet. 

 "What do you say?" she asked, turning back to flash him a smile. "Wanna make a deposit?" 

 "Wait...this is...crazy..." He was just staring at her, confused and overwhelmed. He was clearly rock-hard, as shown by the bulge in his pants, but he seemed frozen, too scared, or maybe just too bewildered, to act. The petite cheerleader arched her back in impatience. Guess he's going to need some encouragement... 

 "I can't wait any longer!" She moaned softly at him, ignoring his protest, her eyes pouty and begging. "Hurry up and fuck me!" 

 The boy jumped at the word 'fuck,' and Trisha couldn't help laughing. 

 "What? Don't you want to?" 

 "I mean...y-yeah...of course..." He couldn't seem to get the words out, his eyes still fixed on her slender body, bent over the toilet, her little ass hoisted in the air, ready for him to take her. 

 "Oooh," Trisha cooed, encouraging him. "Then come on! You're the only one that can satisfy me! Please! I'm so horny and I just want you inside of me!" The cheerleader began to unbutton her tiny shorts. God...he's taking so long! 

 "O...okay..." 

 "You can tell all your friends about the hot cheerleader you fucked. Tell them how dirty it was." She looked back at him, and saw that he was slowly unzipping his pants with a trembling hand. 

 "That's it!" She smiled up at him, excited, as she yanked her shorts and her thong down to her ankles. "Fuck me hard, make me call out..." Trisha paused, then peered at the nametag on his shirt. She couldn't read it. "What's your name?" 

 "Uh...George." 

 "Oh, okay." Trisha giggled, and a powerful thrill slithered through her body. How slutty of me...not even knowing his name!"Then make me call out your name, George! Hurry!" She wiggled her naked ass at him. 

 Still unsure of himself, George stepped forward, guiding his throbbing dick towards Trisha's ass. Slowly, the boy lowered his dick towards Trisha's eager cunt and tenderly began to push inside of her. 

 "Oooh...yeah...there you go..." Trisha's entire body shuddered in pleasure as her pussy finally got what it wanted – the hard dick pushing inside of her, stretching her and filling her needs. He continued to push, but very slowly, his cock sliding in bit by bit. More, damnett...more!Her body was practically bursting with lust and impatience. 

 "Harder..." She whimpered softly. Within seconds, she lost her patience. The cheerleader reached back to grab his thighs with both hands and forcefully thrust him forward. She heard George gasp as his entire dick plunged into her, sending a wild, powerful rush of pleasure through her aching twat. 

 "YEAH!" Trisha cried out loud. "That's it, baby! Fuck me!" 

 George began to rock in and out of her, thrusting clumsily, trying to obey her. His cock slowly slid in and out of her pussy. 

 "Harder!" She cried out again, begging him. "Harder! Please, harder!" Her hands clamped down on his thighs, pulling him toward her, yanking his legs back and forth, making his dick plunge in and out of her impatient cunt. 

 "Holy...holy shit..." George was panting, his legs jerked back and forth, his dick pushed in and out of this unknown girl's twat, piercing into her. Trisha moaned, closing her eyes and relishing the feel of her pussy being stretched and filled. That dick felt so good, opening and filling her, and the cheerleader slowly began to rock back against him, grinding into his cock, desperate for more. Oh God...if only he would go faster! 

 George gasped again. "Agh...ahh..." He tried his best. 

 "Deeper! Harder!" she called out, and this time her hands clamped down on his ass, jamming him inside her, and finally, George seemed to get the hang of it. She felt his hands grasp her tiny waist, and he began to thrust hard, plunging his tool deep into her swollen twat, impaling her, his balls slapping against her pussy lips with each pound. Immediately, the pleasure exploded across the cheerleader's body. She arched her back and her face flushed with joy as she felt George's dick ram hard and fast, finally fucking her with the force that she needed. 

 "Oh God!! YES!" Trisha planted her hands back on the filthy toilet seat, pumping her petite body against George's dick, slamming her hips into a powerful collision with his, her hair and her tits flopping. It was the only thing she could feel now, that wonderful rock-hard dick, filling her, stretching her hot, bulging pussy. 

 "Ahh...holy shit..." George was gasping for breath, his legs working hard, pistoning his dick in and out of the cheerleader. Trisha crouched low over the toilet, keeping her ass hoisted, gripping the toilet for support as she wildly drove herself against his thusting hips. Her boots scuffed and scraped against the floor as she bent her legs and pumped George's dick, engulfing it in her soaked twat. They were bucking so hard that the loud, fleshy slapof their hips colliding was echoing through the bathroom, and Trisha delighted in the sound, squealing out loud in pleasure. 

 "Yeah, baby! Yeah, that's it!" 

 Slap slap slap!His hands were tightly gripping her waist now, forcing her backwards, encouraging her to rock towards him even harder, and she did, putting her entire little body into meeting his every thrust with equal strength. God, yes! This is what I'm talking about!He was pounding her hard, and each vigorous thrust sent a spasm of joy speeding through the petite cheerleader. 

 Slap slap slap! 

 "Ahhh...ahhh! Holy...holy shiiiitt!!!" George's cock began to throb, and he kept fucking her, hard and fast. Trisha could feel his excitement pulsing through his cock, plunged in her pussy, swollen and throbbing deep inside of her. It spurred her on even more, and she began to buck against him with all her might, impaling herself on his rod, eager to milk his cock, eager to feel him shoot his seed deep inside of her twat. Yesss...yes!!! 

 "Ahhhh!!!" George cried out, and Trisha's face broke into a satisfied grin as she felt his cock begin to spurt inside her, unloading his cum, hot and thick, filling her eager twat to the brim. He continued to thrust as he came, and the petite cheerleader rocked too, letting his dick plunge into her flooded canal, feeling her own juices mix with his hot spunk. That was fast,she thought to herself, grinning. But I guess I couldn't expect much more. 

 "Ohh...yeah..." George was hunched over her body, gasping and shuddering, when the door to the bathroom suddenly slammed open. 

 "George, is that –" The manager of the store stopped in his tracks, his mouth open in mid-sentence. He took the sight in – a cute, petite teenager bent over a filthy toilet seat, her ass raised up in the air, and his own employee with his pants around his knees and his dick deep inside of her. 

 "What the HELL is going on in here???" 

 George turned to Trisha, and she saw genuine fear replacing his pleasure and sweeping across his face. He was going to get fired, she realized. She had to do something. Quickly, she stood up, ignoring the loud squelchof George's cock slipping out of her pussy, and turned to face the manager. She gave him a sweet, innocent smile; a smile that she knew could get her out of anything. 

 "Oh sir...I'm so glad you're here! Shut the door, will ya?" 

 The manager seemed ready for another outburst, but her comment caught him off guard. He stood silently in shock, staring down at her, not moving. Trisha's tight T-shirt showed off her firm tits and her bare, dainty midriff. Her panties and shorts were still around her ankles, revealing her slender legs and flared hips, her bulging, dripping pussy. The petite cheerleader felt another wicked thrill run through her as his eyes ran over her. When he still wouldn't respond, she shrugged. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 09 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "All right, then." Trisha reached behind him and gave the door a shove, closing it herself, and the loud slam seemed to awaken the manager. 

 "Now hold on just a minute..." 

 "Oh, no...I don't think I can," Trisha cooed as she sank down to her knees, her shorts and panties still around her ankles. Quickly, she began to undo the man's belt, and triumphantly she felt the growing bulge in his pants. He kept up the protest, though. 

 "Young lady, I..." 

 "Oooh...I may be young, sir, but trust me, I'm no lady." She winked at him as she unzipped his pants and slowly pulled them down, and as the expression on his face slowly changed, she knew she had him. Softly, she pulled his dick out and began to jerk him off. 

 "Whoa there...wow..." 

 "Mmm...like that?" Trisha smiled up at him, both hands around his dick, sliding up and down, across his shaft. He was getting hard now, and quickly. She turned around to see George, still with his dick hanging out, watching them, mouth open and eyes wide. "Did you enjoy yourself, Georgie? Want to stick around for Act II?" 

 "Sure..." 

 She laughed at his eagerness, then turned back to face the manager. His eyes were closed, his entire concentration fixed on this young girl jacking him off in her hand. Trisha couldn't wait any longer. Keeping her eyes on his face, eager to watch his reaction, the petite cheerleader parted her lips and slid the head of his dick into her soft mouth. 

 "Oh yeah...that's it." The manager's face twitched as he felt the eighteen- year-old's mouth wrap itself around his meat, and he gently thrust his hips forward, forcing Trisha to take a bit more of his cock into her lips. It was rock-hard now, and she happily accepted it, sucking him in slowly, her hand still jerking him off as she gulped, her lips softly smacking with her efforts. 

 "Yeah...yeah...that feels so good." 

 Trisha slurped a bit deeper, slobbering across his shaft, feeling the head slide up against the back of her mouth. She licked him greedily, sliding her tongue against the bottom of his cock, her slick lips gliding up and down his meat. She began to bob her head back and forth, smacking and gulping, and the manager groaned. 

 "Deeper...take me deeper." 

 Trisha felt him rest a hand on the back of her head, and she silently obeyed, relaxing her throat and letting the dick shimmy down it, ignoring her gag reflex as she buried his length deep inside of her. The manager let out a huge gasp as he felt her deepthroat him. Trisha let out a muffled giggle as she beamed up at him, her lips stuffed with cock, his pubes tickling her nose. She left his shaft shoved down her throat for a few seconds before pulling him back out to take a breath. 

 "Does my throat feel good around your dick?" She licked her lips and smiled. 

 "Yeah...fuck yeah..." His shaft was slick and wet now with her saliva, and she jerked him off with one hand as she turned around to face George. His dick was hard again, and one hand was absentmindedly stroking it as he watched her, eyes wide and mouth open. 

 "What do you think, Georgie? Does this look fun to you?" 

 "Yeah..." He almost looked hypnotized as he quickly nodded. 

 "C'mere then." She smiled up at him and beckoned with one finger. He stood in front of her, next to the manager in the cramped bathroom, and watched in shock as she took each of their dicks in one hand, jerking them off in a quick, smooth rhythm. Smiling up at George, Trisha slid the head of his cock into her mouth, letting her tongue run across it, relishing the involuntarily shudder of pleasure that ran through George's body. She could taste George's cum on the tip, and her own salty juices coating it, a result of their fucking just a few minutes before. 

 "Oh...oh yeah..." George was moaning as he looked down at her, her mouth tight around his dick, her cheeks puckered, sucking gently, her lips wet and glistening. She winked up at him and before he could figure out why, she was throating him, her lips slurping at his balls, the entire length of his stiff cock jammed down her tender throat. George let out a huge moan as he watched his meat vanish into the petite cheerleader's soft lips, just the very base of it visible as she gently bobbed against him. Trisha let out a soft, muffled moan, enjoying every moment of George's shocked pleasure. With her mouth stuffed full of George's cock, she didn't even notice that the manager, growing impatient with a simple handjob, had stepped in back of her, lowered himself to his knees, and positioned himself behind her. Then, she felt his hands on her waist, guiding her backwards. 

 Trisha emitted another sloppy, muffled moan as her little body tingled with joy. Immediately, her pussy was flooded with an aching, eager joy at the manager's touch. She knew what he wanted, and she wanted it even more. Without even turning around, with George's cock still buried in her throat, Trisha scooted her ass backwards, resting on her hands and knees, her butt raised in the air, ready to be pounded again. She felt the manager's hands on her thin, dainty hips, guiding her backwards. The cheerleader continued to gulp down George's cock, slurping against his shaft, feeling his balls on her lips and the tip of his dick slide up against the back of her throat. Finally, when she could take him no more, she slipped the cock back out, gasping for breath, grinning up at George. 

 "Holy...shit..." The boy's eyes were wide as saucers. 

 "Mmm..you like fucking my throat, baby? You want to keep fucking it?" 

 "Shit...fuck yeah I do..." 

 Trisha slid his dick back into her mouth and then let out a muffled groan – the manager was ready now, his dick pressed up against her pussy lips, ready to take her. She heard him groan loudly as he slid easily into her slick, soaked pussy. Immediately, the cheerleader's body was set ablaze, and she quivered in pleasure as she felt him pierce into her. 

 "Wow...you're soaking wet..." The manager's groan was low and thick. 

 Trisha slipped George's cock out of her mouth to turn around and grin at him. "What can I say? I'm an enthusiastic girl!" 

 "Yeah...fuck yeah you are." He slowly thrust his cock into her, feeling her twat clasp every inch of him like a sheath, warm and tender and wet. Trisha turned back to tend to George, but she let out a soft moan of approval as she felt the manager plunge the entire length of his shaft into her cunt. He was much better than George, and thank God...the boy's hurried fuck had only made her pussy ache for more. Ohhh...this is what a real fucking should feel like! 

 "Mmm...ohhh..." Trisha's muffled moans slipped between her wet lips and George's throbbing cock. The manager was pumping now, his hands wrapped around her petite waist, his hips jamming into hers. Trisha felt the lust beginning to overtake her, the powerful fucking flooding her body with uncontrollable pleasure, but she didn't want to forget George. The cheerleader took a deep breath and then plunged her head back down, throating George's cock once more and making him gasp with pleasure. 

 "Yeah...that's a wet cunt..." The manager's fucking was steady and hard, keeping a firm grip on her, his balls slapping against Trisha's soaking pussy lips. The cheerleader rocked against him just as she had rocked against George barely five minutes ago, engulfing his dick in her eager flesh. He responded with even more strength, bucking against her, making her entire body twitch and wiggle with his force, even as she was still busy slurping down George's meat. A muffled moan burst out of the cheerleader. 

 "Ohhh....gahhh yeth...fffck mahhh..." 

 George was moaning too, closing his eyes to concentrate on the cheerleader's wet lips, gulping down his cock, saliva dribbling down his balls. Back and forth Trisha rocked, one way engulfing the manager's dick in her pussy, the other shoving George's rod down her eager throat. Back and forth, back and forth, the two men stuffed her with their meat. As she bucked and thrust herself across the floor, the manager's hands reached across her chest, tugging her shirt up and her bra down to massage her firm tits as he banged her. Trisha's body thrilled with joy at the feeling – his hands roughly squeezing her globes, his dick plowing into her, her loud desperate moans muffled by a thick cock in her mouth. 

 The manager was panting now with effort, fucking her hard, and the cheerleader was meeting him with equal force, slamming her slender hips against his, stuffing herself with his meat. He grabbed onto each of her boobs, one big handful in each hand, and began to viciously yank her petite body against his, forcing her to slam into his hips at a painful speed, and each thrust plowed his dick balls-deep into her aching twat. Wrenched back and forth, her hair flying, Trisha happily subjected herself to the violation, her little body flushed with pleasure, her back arched in the air and her eager, muffled moans echoing through the cramped bathroom. 

 "Ohhh...mffghh....fckkk...ghhh..." Trisha threw her own weight into bucking against the manager's, relishing his rough hands on her tits, savoring the sensation of having her dainty body flung against a rock-hard cock. Her moans were getting louder and sloppier, and drool started to spill down her chin as she continued to thrust her lips up and down George's shaft. A string of slobbery gurgles poured out of her mouth along with her saliva, and Trisha wailed out her pleasure, lost to the feeling of the manager's ferocious pounding. 

 "Mmfff...ohhhhggodddd!!" 

 Trisha imagined the scene in her mind – on her hands and knees in a smelly bathroom, her chin covered and dripping with her spit, slurping on the dick of a boy she had just fucked. And another man, pounding into her at the same time, his cock filling every inch of her swollen pussy, so deep and so hard. He was crouched over her now, his breath hot on her back as she thrust herself against him. His hands were painful on her tits, clenching them tightly as he viciously forced himself onto her little body, yanking her towards him with a ferocious, wild strength, his dick powering into her like a jackhammer. 

 George's hands were on the back of Trisha's head now, even as she flailed back and forth on the floor, guiding her deeper, and he was thrusting gently, pumping his dick in and out of her drool-coated lips. The manager was being so rough with her, so wonderfully rough, grabbing onto her perky tits and wrenching her petite body against him, stabbing into her with all his might, forcing her to take his entire length. George was gently face-fucking her, pushing his cock into her mouth, gaining speed with each second. They're treating me like a piece of meat...fucking me from both ends...yanking and throwing me back and forth across the floor...Her hair was flying everywhere with the force of the manager's bucking, plastered on her face, floundering across her eager, thrashing body. Neither of them were holding back now; George was thrusting deep into her throat, sinking his entire shaft into her plump lips as she slurped, only moments away from making her gag. The manager's balls slapped loudly as they smacked against her dripping pussy, and her entire body quivered with each impact. They were so deep...Trisha felt like George's cock was plunging into her stomach, like the manager's was ripping through her twat and jamming deep into her chest. Oh God...they're so rough...they're so good... 

 

 ...And they don't even know me!The realization came to Trisha out of nowhere, as she thrashed back and forth, her pussy and mouth stuffed full of dick. They don't even know my name! They're just fucking some random slut...some nasty, cum-starved slut...some naughty, disgusting slut, on her hands and knees in the middle of a public bathroom... 

 The dirty nature of the scene sent her over the edge. Trisha opened her mouth wide, letting out a loud, half-muffled scream around George's dick. 

 "Aghhhh...Oh Godd...fuuuck!!!" 

 George was groaning out loud too, feeling Trisha's tongue swirl across his dick, watching as her hot body bucked back and forth, taking his own dick and his manager's at the same time, writhing with all the strength the little cheerleader could muster, her petite hips jamming herself against the manager, her C-cup tits mashed in his hands, her big brown eyes wild with joy as she screamed. 

 "Ohhh fucckkk...fuck me...fuck me!!!" Saliva dribbled out of Trisha's mouth as she shouted, her body crazied and uncontrollable, hungering for George's dick, aching for more of the manager's vicious pounding. The two of them were thrusting in rhythm now, shoving their meat deep inside her pussy and her throat, plunging in unison into her from both sides, and every time they pulled back, her body cried out desperately to be filled again. 

 "Oh...oh God..." 

 "Yeah...yeah that's a wet little cunt..." 

 "Fuuuck! Aghhhh! Fuuuck!" Trisha closed her eyes as she let out one gurgled, sloppy scream after another, her drool pouring down her chin, her long brown hair stuck to her sweaty, flushed body. 

 The manager was much more experienced than George, and he knew what was about to happen. 

 "You gonna cum, little girl? You wanna cum on my cock?" 

 "Fuuuck! Ohhhh fuuuck yessss!!!!" 

 The manager bucked extra-hard against Trisha, the strength of his thrusts forcing her forward, and she gagged on George's dick as it burrowed deep in her throat. But she bucked back, grinding wildly against the manager, feeling his dick plunge and plow through her, stuffing every inch of her aching canal. George let out a huge groan as Trisha coughed and gagged on his dick, her mouth slobbery and wet. The cheerleader could barely concentrate now, throwing her entire body against the man fucking her. Her mouth was wide open, stuffed full of cock, but she didn't even notice her own desperate choking. Her chest was heaving for breath now as she alternated between wild gags and coughs and passionate screams. The two dicks were so good, violating her, taking her, impaling her from behind and jamming down her throat, ripping into her petite little body, her slutty, dirty body, stretched out on a bathroom floor between two strangers...Ohh! It's too much!!! 

 "AHHHHH!!!! Ohhh...ohhh my GODD!!!!" A single spasm rushed through Trisha's body, racing across her back and through her trembling legs. George was still thrusting into her as she opened her mouth wide, screaming again as her orgasm rushed forth. She could feel her pussy twitch and contract, and the ripples of pleasure slashed through her body, spilling across her skin, making her shudder and shake. The manager continued to fuck her, his hands wrapped hard around her waist, his dick balls-deep inside of her, watching as the cheerleader trembled and spasmed in her climax. Muffled, wet screams ripped through her throat and her lips. 

 "GODD!! GODDD YESS!! YESSS!!" Her crazed screams echoed through the bathroom, and the waves of pleasure crashed against her quivering, dainty frame, back and forth, over and over, flushing every inch of her. The petite cheerleader's mind went blank, and only a single image was left – her and these two strangers, fucking like wild animals, her mouth and her pussy stuffed with cock, ravaged and violated like only the nastiest of sluts could take. Her arched back was rigid, her legs and arms trembled with joy, her chest heaved in effort. Finally, Trisha let out an exhilarated sigh as she felt the last wave of her orgasm slither through her. The cheerleader felt her entire body rise with joy – that wonderful after-orgasm feeling, when every part of her felt wonderful and reborn. She suddenly realized that she was coated in her own drool; a result of trying to scream over and over with a cock in her mouth. It had soaked her chin and was starting to stream down her neck, puddling on the floor as it dripped off George's cock. 

 Trisha looked up at the boy. He still looked out of place, still looked in shock, this time at the sight of her out-of-control, earsplitting orgasm. She slipped his slobbery dick out of her mouth with an audible pop, and a long stream of her drool followed it. 

 The cheerleader was still panting and recovering, but she flashed a sweet smile up at George. "Mmm...oooh that felt good, George. What do you think? Think it's your turn?" 

 George nodded down at her. "Yeah...yeah..." 

 Trisha took him back in her mouth, a mischievous look in her eye. The manager was grunting now, still grinding into the cheerleader's soaked, swollen twat, his dick throbbing with effort. Trisha took a deep breath, making sure to watch George's reaction, and throated him one more time. George's eyes widened, so large she thought they would explode, as she smushed her nose against his stomach, her sloppy lips bobbing on his balls, his entire shaft buried in her soft throat. 

 "Ahhh...wow...too much...!!" 

 Trisha slurped and milked his cock, mashing her face again and again against his crotch, sliding him just a couple inches out of her throat before burying him deep. She could still hear the manager's grunts, still feel his fat dick pistoning in and out of her tender, tingling cunt. 

 "It's...It's too fucking much!" George's head was back, and he was gasping for air at the pleasure of feeling his dick buried in Trisha's slobbery mouth. But Trisha wouldn't let up. An eager hunger filled her chest, and she sped up her slurping, wrapping her tongue around the bottom of his meat as she jammed it yet again down her throat. She gulped as she sucked, her face pressed against his crotch, her saliva-slick lips tightly locked around the base of his shaft, her cute brown eyes fixed on his face. On her hands and knees, the cheerleader sucked and fucked, savoring the carnal pleasure of the two men; one dick jammed inside her twat, the other stuffed halfway to her stomach. She continued to rock with the manager's fucking, urging him on, feeling every inch of him thrust into her. 

 "Oh...oh...okay!" George was cumming again, his dick throbbing and twitching in Trisha's mouth. She could feel each spurt coming out of his shaft, the powerful spasm twitching against her lips as it shot out of him, flooding her throat and her mouth. She swallowed eagerly and continued to slurp down his cock, massaging his twitching balls with one hand, milking them, thirsty for every drop of cum he had. She let out a muffled moan of her own as she felt his hands on the back of her head, gently fucking her mouth, unloading his seed into her stomach. When he was done, he gently pulled out of her, still gasping for breath. 

 "Th...thank you..." 

 She laughed and grinned up at him. "Thank you, sweetie." 

 "Ugh...ugh..." The manager was still fucking her, hard and fast, his hands painfully tight on her dainty waist, his face dripping with sweat. Wow...he's got some stamina, Trisha thought to herself, impressed. But it's been a while...what if Mom is waiting for me?Maybe she should help him along. She turned her head around and flashed him a sexy smile. 

 "You like that pussy?" 

 "Ahh...yeah...fuck yeah...it's so wet..." He was panting so hard that he could barely respond. 

 "Mmhmm...it's so wet for you..." She flashed him a sweet smile. 

 "Fuck...yeah..." The manager's next thrust was extra hard, sending Trisha rocking forward, but she planted a hand on the floor to catch herself, and bucked back against him, listening to the slap of their hips colliding, watching the manager's body shudder with the impact. 

 "Oooh...I want your cum...I want your cum so bad..." Her big brown eyes were fixed on his cock, watching it pound into her slender body. 

 "Ohhh...fucckkk...." 

 Trish arched her back again, and squeezed her pussy hard, clasping his cock as she slammed her body against his. 

 "Where you gonna cum, baby?" She asked, encouraging him. "You wanna cum on my face?" Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 09 ****** byHiddenDevil_© The man's sweaty, red face nodded vigorously, and Trisha knew she had said the right thing. 

 "Oooh, yeah...you wanna cum on my face, huh? You wanna shoot your hot load all over my pretty little face?" 

 "Fuck...yeah! Fuck!" 

 Trisha clenched her pussy, milking his cock, enjoying every single pound, relishing the feeling of his balls pressing against her crotch as he plunged his entire manhood inside her swollen twat. Her body was hungry once more, eager again for cum...she was almost tingling with anticipation. 

 "Yeah! Oooh, God that feels good! Cum, baby! Cum all over my face!" She was shouting now, encouraging him, crying out for his seed. 

 "Ohh...oh God..." His dick was throbbing now; she could feel it twitching and sliding inside her tender cunt, pounding wildly in and out of her. Ohhh...yes... he's so close! 

 "Yeah! Fuck yeah! Cum on me! Spray all over my little slut face!" 

 "Agghh...Ahhhh!!!" The manager pulled his dick out of Trisha's pussy and raced around to her front. He pushed George aside, completely ignoring his employee's protest as he fell on the ground. Trisha grinned up at him as he frantically jacked off his stiff tool with one hand, his face animalistic, his chest heaving with the effort. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue, her eyes glittering up at him, ready and waiting. 

 "FUUUCK!!!" 

 A hot stream of cum shot out of his cock, glazing her lips and dribbling onto her tongue and her chin. She reached up and took his cock in her hand, jacking him off, aiming his load across her face. She felt a second stream, even stronger then the first, splattering across her forehead and into her hair. She giggled as more came, a third line of warm, thick cum across her nose. Wow...his load is huge!The manager did his best to aim for her mouth, and managed to shoot a stream right across her extended tongue, but most of it missed, splattering her cheeks and her lips, her chin and her nose. Trisha flinched as a couple of stray drops even flew into her open eyes. Finally, his climax stopped, and the manager stumbled as he stepped backwards, taking in the beautiful sight – a teenage girl on her hands and knees, her shirt bunched around her shoulders, her shorts yanked to her ankles, her face coated and dripping with his cum and her hand still stroking his half-hard dick. Trisha gently wiped off the head of his dick with her fingers, making sure to catch all of the cum, then raised it to her lips and sucked, feeling the hot, tangy liquid across her tongue, savoring the texture of it in her mouth before she swallowed. Like a cat, she cleaned herself off, gently running her hand across her nose, her cheeks and her chin, her forehead, her eyelids. She stopped to lick her hands clean and gulp the gooey stuff down, feeling every bit of his juice sliding down her throat. When she was satisfied, Trisha licked her lips and swallowed one last time, then grinned at the two supermarket employees. 

 The manager had sunk to his knees as well, sitting next to George, panting, still trying to recover. She giggled at their exhaustion. They were probably completely different – one of them a boss, an older, more experienced man, the other just a kid, probably in high school like her. And yet right now, they were the same, sitting and breathing hard, tired out by fucking the same slut. Trisha stood up and looked at herself in the bathroom's greasy mirror. Yes...I'm a slut!She happily admired the sight in the mirror: an eighteen-year- old cheerleader, petite and dainty, barely over five feet, sweaty and flushed, her hair a mess. Her top was still bunched up around her shoulders, and she could see the red marks on her tits where the manager had squeezed too hard. I'm a dirty slut, a slut who fucks two strangers at the same time in a supermarket bathroom...Trisha bent over to tug her panties and her shorts back over her hips and her tender, swollen pussy. She rearranged her bra, tucking the cups over her boobs, and pulled her shirt back down. Then, she reached a hand up to try to comb her long brown hair, and giggled again as she felt stickiness. She must have missed some of the manager's cum that shot into her hair. Just a dirty little slut who likes a good, rough pounding and a nice facial...She licked her fingers clean once more, then finished running her hands through her hair. She stepped carefully over the two panting men, her boots clicking on the title floor, and put a hand on the door knob. A dirty, filthy slut, who fucks two men when they don't even know her name...Trisha's entire body felt like it was on fire with ecstacy. 

 "Thanks for the great fuck." 

 "Y-yeah..." 

 "You're...welcome..." 

 "I would stick around, but my mom is probably waiting for me." 

 The manager looked up in shock. "Your mom???" 

 "Yup. She was shopping in the store but she's probably done by now. I hope she's not worried." Trisha giggled at the manager's jaw dropped. "Bye!" 

 The petite cheerleader cheerfully walked out of the warehouse. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw two more store employees, sitting on the sidewalk taking a break. They were eyeing her for sure; a little brunette, cute and sweet enough to be the classic innocent schoolgirl, but dressed like any other slut. Their gaze lingering over her dainty body, her slender legs in her high- heeled boots, her tits thrusting out against the stretched fabric of her T- shirt, and her ass, red and tender, poking out of the bottom of her shorts, wiggling as she walked. She wondered if George's cum was dribbling out of her pussy and leaving a wet spot, or maybe some of the manager's cum was still on her face. She hoped it was. The men on the sidewalk were still watching her. As she walked by, she turned to wink at them, but didn't stop. Sorry boys,she thought as she grinned to herself. Maybe next time. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 10 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 Trisha's cheeks were bright red, and her hair was flopping across her face and her neck. The petite cheerleader was on her knees, a thick coat of drool blanketing her plump lips and her chin, running down her neck, dribbling onto her cheerleaders' uniform. Her pleated miniskirt was hitched up around her waist, revealing a black G-string, framing her round, firm ass. Both of her hands were pressing against the thighs of the varsity quarterback standing in front of her, and she gripped his legs hard, pulling herself into him, jutting her head hard and fast against his throbbing rod. 

 "Ahhh... oh shit... Jesus... Trisha... " 

 Trisha winked up at him, gulping and sucking, her loud slurps echoing through the empty locker room. She eagerly wrapped her tongue around the shaft of his cock as she sucked, running it along the edge, relishing the shudder that she could feel running through his body. Then, she throated him, easing his cock down as easily as if it were butter, stuffing her face with his meat and jamming her nose against his pubes. She continued to run her tongue up and down the base of his shaft as she buried it in her throat. The quarterback gasped and wheezed, his eyes ready to pop out of his head, his chest heaving as he panted. The cheerleader felt his hands on her head, lightly pushing her deep, deep down his rod. She slurped and drooled on him for a few more seconds before finally pulling him out of her throat, inhaling through her nose, still sucking on the end of his dick. 

 "Wow... this is... you're incredible... you're... ahhh!" 

 Trisha didn't even let him finish. As soon as she had caught her breath, she plunged back down for more, swallowing him deep into her throat, locking her lips around his shaft and slurping loudly. He yelled out loud then, his hands tight on her head, and Trisha felt the familiar throbbing in his meat grow fiercer and stronger, as if his cock was about to burst. He's going to cum already?Trisha couldn't help feeling a wave of pride rushing through her chest at her prowess, and her eyes glittered up at the quarterback, eager and excited, awaiting her prize as she slobbered. 

 "Ahhh... T-Trisha... I'm about to... " 

 She pulled his dick out of her mouth and wrapped both hands around his drool- coated shaft, jacking him off with incredible speed, her fingers a blur on his swelling dick. 

 "On my face!" she yelled, interrupting him in an excited voice. "Shoot it on my face!" 

 "Ahhh!" 

 A rush of joy swept through her eager body as she watched his cock shudder and jolt. A thick stream of cum spurted out of the tip, splattering across her face, one thick line that stretched from the part in her long brown hair between her bright brown eyes and down her nose and across her mouth. She couldn't help herself; her tongue snaked out and dabbed at the gooey mess strewn across her lips. Even as she licked up his seed, more came shooting forth, dribbling now all over her cheeks and her lips, a few drops splashing onto her chin and dripping onto her cheerleader's blouse. She grinned up at the quarterback as he gasped, one hand now on the locker bay behind him, trying to keep his balance. She kept jacking him off, slower now, letting him recover, before finally letting his softening cock go to run her fingers over her cum- coated face. Trisha was like a child with candy now, scooping up his cum off her face, collecting it in her fingers then greedily licking it up before running her hands back over herself for more. She saved all of his load in her mouth until she was sure she had gotten all of it, then finally swallowed it in one big, satisfying gulp. 

 Smacking her lips, Trisha grinned up at the panting quarterback as she stood, adjusting her skirt and her blouse. The quarterback was trying to gasp something out, but she ignored him, walking over to the mirror to look at herself. Her dainty reflection stared back at herself; barely five feet tall, with wavy brown hair down to her shoulders, and a slender, taut waist framed by flared hips and a perky, firm, 32C-cup chest. Her legs looked slender and petite in her cheerleaders' miniskirt. She had managed to clean her face pretty well, but there were several obvious spots on her blouse, where the cum had dripped down. She curiously dabbed at the spots with her finger, then shrugged. Oh well.She smiled at her own reflection. It's not like it's the first stain I've gotten on this uniform! 

 "Trisha... you're fucking... incredible!" 

 She turned to face the quarterback, and giggled. He was leaning against the locker bay, completely worn out, staring at her with his mouth open and his softening dick still hanging out of his pants. This was always one of her favorite moments, right at the end of a good blowjob or fucking, when she saw them wide-eyed and tired out, staring at her as if she was some kind of goddess, gaping at her as she eagerly wiped her face clean of their cum or dug it out of her swollen pussy. She felt a thrill rush through her body as the quarterback's eyes swept admiringly up and down her little frame, still struggling to recover from her incredible blowjob. Maybe I'll let him fuck me next time. 

 Trisha winked at him as she smoothed out her blouse and headed towards the door. "Aww... that's so sweet! See ya later, Brad!" 

 "W-wait... you're just gonna... leave...?" She heard him continue to sputter as she walked out, but didn't bother answering. She glanced at her watch as she headed towards the parking lot. Eight minutes... looks like Britney owes me some money... 

 *** 

 "You sure you're not just lying cause you want that twenty bucks?" 

 Trisha laughed. "I swear to God, Britney! I timed it. His cock was in my mouth at 3:45, and he was cumming on my face at 3:53. Which is less than ten minutes. Which means I won the bet!" She grinned as she said the last sentence extra loud into her cell phone. 

 "All right, all right. You don't have to fucking yell. I'll bring it tomorrow." 

 Trisha smiled. "Don't feel bad, Brit. You're just contributing to my college fund." 

 The head cheerleader's laugh rang through Trisha's earpiece. "Geez, Trish. You're really serious about going to college, huh?" 

 "Of course!" 

 "Still the good girl," the head cheerleader teased. "No matter how hard I try, I can't get it out of you. Once a good girl, always a good girl." 

 "Hey!" Trisha said, indignant. "Whatever, Britney! I know a certain quarterback who would beg to differ! And also a certain football coach... oh, and a certain clerk at Starbucks... " 

 She suddenly stopped. She had thought she heard something, high-pitched and very faint. The cheerleader didn't know what it was, but for some reason it made her stop dead in her tracks. 

 "Trisha? Trish, you still there, hun?" 

 "Yeah... yeah I'm still here... " 

 The sound was there, so faint that Trisha barely caught it. 

 "Hey Brit, I'll call you back in a minute, okay?" 

 "Sure, hun." 

 Trisha hung up her phone and slipped it into her purse, walking quickly now. She strained her ears, trying to hear the noise once more, waiting, hearing nothing but silence until... there! That was it! 

 It was a scream. She was almost sure of it, but it was so faint that she couldn't tell. It seemed to be coming from the other side of the parking lot. Trisha quickly trotted over, curious, her cheerleaders' miniskirt swishing as she walked, her hair blowing backwards in the evening wind. Finally, she reached the other side, and heard it again. It was definitely a scream, and Trisha suddenly realized that it sounded familiar. 

 "HELP!" 

 Without even thinking, Trisha broke into a run. The voice was unmistakable; it was Mandy's. Even though they barely even hung out anymore, Trisha still considered her one of her best friends, and she instinctively began to sprint towards the sound of her friend's screams. 

 She was in the street behind the school parking lot now, running along the sidewalk, her miniskirt flopping up and down against her thighs, her tennis shoes squeaking on the pavement. She hadn't heard any screams for a while, but as she slowed down to catch her breath, she suddenly realized that she could hear scuffling further down the street, and what seemed to be the sound of muffled moaning. More slowly now, trying to keep quiet, Trisha strode forward, peering around each alleyway in turn. 

 Then, she saw them. Light from a single lamppost partially illuminated the alleyway, revealing three figures, clumped together, two large and one small. Trisha slowly took a step forward, and realized that Mandy was in the middle, and that both of her arms were being held by the other two people. They were two large boys, looking around college age, and like large frat guys, tall and muscular and dressed in sleeveless muscle shirts and cargo shorts. Each of them had a firm grip on Mandy's arms, and the girl was struggling in between them. They were laughing. One of them was leaning down, grabbing at her kicking legs, trying to steady them. The other was pulling at her twisting, struggling waist, trying to grab at her skirt. Mandy's face was fixed in an expression of pure desperation and panic, and Trisha could tell that her friend was fighting with every bit possible of her strength, but the two boys were just too strong. Without even thinking, Trisha rushed forward and shouted. 

 "Hey! What the hell do you think you're doing??" 

 The three of them whirled around; for a moment, Mandy even stopped struggling in her shock. Trisha suddenly saw that Mandy's blouse was ripped and torn. It was a pretty, light green blouse that Trisha herself had picked out for her friend over a year ago, but now, there was a jagged gash torn down the middle, leaving the top hanging in shreds. Trisha could see Mandy's cotton bra, visible through the crack. 

 "T-Trisha!" her friend gasped, panting and pulling herself against the grips of the boys, her eyes wild with fear. "Please!" 

 "Well, looky here!" One of the boys said out loud, his words slurred. He was clearly drunk. "We got another one!" His eyes greedily took in Trisha's round, ample tits, and her smooth, bare legs. 

 "Grab her!" One of the boys, who had dark hair, grabbed hold of both of Mandy's arms, pinning them behind her back, leaving her to struggle and kick helplessly. At the same time, the other one raced forward, and before Trisha could take more than a step backwards, he had his hand around her arm, dragging her back into the alleyway. 

 "Shit, man... she's even hotter! A cheerleader! Check out this hot uniform. What a tight little body!" Trisha winced at the acrid smell of alcohol on their breath. A hand was running across the hem of her skirt, the fingertips brushing against the bottom of her barely-covered ass. She could almost feel Mandy's fear, as her friend panted and struggled only a few feet away. 

 "Please... please... " Mandy whimpered, but the other boy was talking over her, his speech slurred. 

 "No way, Jake... I like this one. She looks so innocent. She's probably still a virgin, man! It'll be fucking nice to pop her cherry!" 

 "PLEASE!" Mandy's voice was hysterical now, and Trisha realized that her friend was crying. Mandy's neat, short blonde hair was a mess across her face; her thin frame was struggling helplessly against the frat boy's grip. She was only slightly taller than Trisha, probably 5'2", and barely a hundred pounds. There was clearly no chance of either of the teenagers overpowering their captors. 

 "You serious, Rob? Look at this little bitch's titties, man." Trisha felt a hand harshly grabbing at her chest, roughly squeezing at her ample chest through her shirt. "Oh man... they feel so good." 

 The dark-haired boy named Rob gave a deep, evil laugh. "Yeah, you're a chest man. Not me. I like this girl's tiny titties. And her firm little ass." 

 Trisha watched as he reached one hand behind Mandy's ass, squeezing. Her friend's frightened eyes widened even more, and she reared ferociously against him, her legs kicking so hard that Rob actually stumbled back slightly. But it was no use. 

 "Please... please, no... " Mandy kept whimpering. Trisha was silent, though she struggled as well. Her eyes were on her friend, and though panic hadn't overtaken Trisha, she slowly began to realize that she had no plan. I should have called for help, or called the police, or something! But instead, I just got my stupid ass captured... now they're going to rape two girls instead of one! They'll fuck us both in this alleyway! 

 The words flickered through her mind, and involuntarily, Trisha felt a tiny stab of lust at the thought. Fucking in an alleyway... actually, that sounds kind of hot.But she quickly realized that this situation wasn't quite the same. Trisha was a slut, and proud of it. If she was in the right mood, she even might have volunteered for a gang-bang in a dark alley. I can take it,she told herself. I can take whatever they want to do.Then, she glanced at her friend, struggling and crying, kicking and squealing. But Mandy... poor Mandy, she's so innocent... she won't be able to handle it. 

 "Please, let me go!" Mandy's tears were pouring down her cheeks, and she desperately continued to twist away from her captor, eliciting only another laugh. "You scared, little girl? You crying cause you don't want me to fuck your brains out?" Rob laughed again. 

 Jake's hands were still all over Trisha, one tightly gripping her arm, the other squeezing her ample, firm tits through her cheerleader's blouse, testing each one in turn, two full handfuls. "Fucking awesome, man... we've got two little pussies to fuck tonight. I'm looking forward to making this one cry too." 

 Trisha's eyes flickered from her friend, to the guy named Rob holding her, to Jake, the blonde-haired one keeping her own body pinned and helpless. She saw the evil in their eyes, the pure lust, the reckless excitement. She had seen that look before, she realized; she had fucked guys like them. They get off on humiliating girls... on taking them against their will and causing them pain, making them cry. They enjoy hurting them.Actually, a couple of those guys had been some of the better ones she had fucked, rough and hard... but not now, not like this. And not to a girl like Mandy... 

 Now, Trisha understood what she needed to do, and suddenly her mind was clear. Her body relaxed against the frat boy's harsh grip. Fucking a girl isn't enough... they want to rape one, and they want her to hate every moment of it. So... if I want to help Mandy... if I want to get my friend out of this, I have to make both of them want to rape me even more.Trisha's determination rose in her chest even as she watched her friend &ndash; her sweet, innocent, untouched friend &ndash; cry and sob and struggle. She couldn't let this happen to Mandy. She knew what to do. 

 "Oh, please! Please, don't!" Trisha cried out suddenly, struggling harder now, kicking just like Mandy was, twisting back and forth. It was hopeless, of course, but she could feel Jake's hand, tightening on her arm. "Please, let me go! Oh God!" Her screams rang through the alleyway. 

 Another evil laugh. "Hey, bro, looks like your girl finally figured out what's gonna happen to her!" 

 "Yeah... I think so. About fucking time." Jake smirked, and Trisha bucked harder, screaming now at the top of her lungs, her voice cracking. 

 "Please... please... I've... I've never had sex! I don't want to!" 

 This was a lie, of course, and both Trisha and Mandy knew it. As she struggled, Trisha saw her friend glance in her direction, and now there was a bit of confusion mixed with Mandy's wild fear. Trisha glanced back, and gave a slight nod. Mandy blinked back, utterly confused. At that moment, Trisha closed her eyes and kept screaming, her voice echoing through the deserted street. 

 "Please...oh God, please don't hurt me! I just want to go home!" 

 "Yeah?" The dark-haired one was still gripping Mandy, but his eyes were on Trisha's dainty body now, eager and hungry, watching her miniskirt flop around her thighs as she kicked and her tits dance in her blouse as she struggled. "You want to go home, little girl? Maybe you should suck our cocks first, and go home with our cum in your stomach!" 

 His words barely shocked Trisha; after all, she had just swallowed a fresh batch of cum barely fifteen minutes ago. But she let out a convincingly frightened squeal, and lowered her head, feigning shame. 

 "No... no... oh please, don't!" 

 'Damnett, shut that bitch up!" Rob yelled. "Someone will hear her!" 

 "Yeah... yeah I'll shut her up. I'll give her something to put in her stupid fucking mouth." Jake roughly turned Trish around, bear hugging her and pinning her arms behind her. Her firm boobs were squashed now against his chest, her whimpering face into his shoulder. She felt one large, surprisingly strong hand on her head, the other still holding her arms. He was forcing her downward. 

 "Yeah, you little slut! You're gonna get to suck your first cock ever, aren't you, little bitch?" 

 "Oh... please, no! Please, don't! Let me go!" But Trisha couldn't have fought him off even if she wanted to; she felt her body sinking down, reluctantly falling to her knees. 

 "Yeah... yeah you bitch! Suck it till you puke! How old are you?" 

 Trisha threw a frightened look straight up at him, her eyes watery with fake tears. She even managed to make her lip tremble as she whimpered softly "I'm... I'm e-eighteen. Please... don't!" 

 Her answer excited the frat boy even more. "Eighteen! Shit! I'm gonna stretch you out good and hard tonight, little girl!" Trisha was on her knees now in front of him, resting on the backs of her heels, still with a frightened look on her face. His hand was at his crotch, tearing open the zipper of his pants. 

 "Eighteen, fuck!" That was the other one, Rob. "Maybe I need to feel her pussy too!" Trisha gave another whimper of fright; she was working hard now, doing her very best to act as much like an innocent, terrified girl as possible. If she was distracting enough, she knew that Mandy might have a chance to run away. Jake had his dick out now, and it was thick and rock-hard already. Trisha turned her head away, like a good innocent girl, too ashamed to even look at it. 

 "What's the matter, little girl? Didn't any of the high school boys teach you how to suck cock?" Jake sneered. "Here... let me show you." And with that, he grabbed Trisha's chin with one hand, wrenching her jaw open, and yanked her face towards his crotch. A moment later, he had shoved his shaft halfway down her throat. 

 The sight of Trisha's face being raped by the frat boy's dick seemed to kick Mandy's struggling into another gear. She bucked against her kidnapper, fighting and scratching, screaming as she fought. 

 "No! No! Leave her alone! Trisha! Oh God, Trisha! Please!!!" 

 Trisha's mouth was stuffed full with dick, but she glanced over at her struggling friend, trying to shoot a warning in her direction. Damnett, Mandy! Shut up! You're just egging them on!But Mandy was too panicked and terrified to notice. She screamed and fought, her wild voice echoing through the street. 

 The dark-haired one laughed. "I can't take it anymore, man. I've gotta fuck this little bitch virgin!" 

 No!!Trisha's mind flashed with fear for her friend, but she couldn't do anything else. The blonde-haired boy was fucking her mouth ferociously, his hand on her chin, his hips jutting into her cheeks, balls against her lips. Trisha drooled and slobbered as he plowed into her mouth. His cock was actually not that long, and the petite cheerleader could deepthroat his length without gagging. But she knew that wasn't what he wanted; he wanted to hurt and humiliate her. So she forced out a choke, pretending to cough and gag on his dick, her drool coating his dick and running down his balls. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 10 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Ghaggghh!! Aggghhhh!" 

 The effect was exactly as Trisha expected. The blonde-haired boy grinned evilly at her and let out a low moan of excitement she choked, and he fucked her mouth harder, pounding into her, his hips slamming painfully into her cheeks, his pubes jamming into her stretched lips. 

 "Yeah, you dumb bitch! Gag on my rod! Choke on it!" 

 Trisha's lips gurgled and slobbered loudly as he fucked, and her saliva dribbled out of her mouth, running down her chin. She continued to slurp and gag, letting him think he was punishing her, pretending to gulp down his meat against her will. His thick cock was stuffing her mouth, pressing up against her lips and her tongue and shimmying in and out of her throat. Then, she heard a scream. 

 "NOO!!! Trisha!!! Please!!! No, leave me alone!!!" Still slurping and choking, Trisha glanced over at Mandy, and her eyes widened with fear. Rob had managed to tug off Mandy's denim skirt and had ripped her panties apart, discarding the scraps on the ground. Mandy had managed to free one arm, and Trisha's heart went out to her innocent friend as she shamefully tried to cover herself. Mandy's hand was over her pussy, trying to cover her short, curly blonde bush. She was thrashing and screaming, but Rob was much stronger, and he was forcing her down to her knees too. Trisha felt her chest rising with fury. You asshole! 

 "Don't bother watching, you bitch. Just keep sucking my dick!" Jake yelled as he wrenched her head back, forcing her to stare at his crotch as he drilled into her. But Trisha could hear Mandy's screams behind her. She had to do something! 

 "Ghaggghh! Oooommmpfff!" Trisha let out another loud gag, and suddenly she rose to her feet. At the same moment, she thrust her face down the frat boy's shaft, throating it in one gulp, squashing her nose against his belly. She did it slowly and gently, pretending that she was standing up simply to get better leverage to slurp down the guy's meat. But as she stood, bent sharply over, she knew that her miniskirt was riding up her ass, and that her legs looked slender and taut as she raised herself on her tiptoes. She was bending down now to service Jake's cock, so that her ass was up in the air, and she arched her back to let her ample curves jut out even more. 

 Come on, big boy... look over here!She hoped as she slurped that she was a gorgeous enough figure; a cute little cheerleader, standing on her toes, her hands on the frat boy's thighs for balance as she guzzled down his rod, her ass hoisted in the air and her ample round tits contrasting with her slender, lithe waist. She kept sucking with noisy gulps; she had to. But she hoped desperately that she had managed to distract the other boy. 

 "Holy... holy shit!!!" The blonde-haired guy was gasping at Trisha's deepthroating skills, his voice sounding ironically similar to the quarterback's. 

 "Yeah... wow... that looks nice." Rob's voice sounded distracted, and a second later, Trisha felt a large, rough hand caressing her ass. He was still dragging a crying, struggling Mandy along with one hand, but his eyes were on Trisha's petite body, on her tiptoes, her legs slight and smooth, her miniskirt riding up her firm ass to reveal her thong. Her perky tits were straining against the fabric of her cheerleading blouse, her hair hanging down her shoulders, swinging with her movements as she crouched down and slurped on Jake's meat. 

 "Damn, man. Maybe you're right. This girl is fucking fine. Check out this ass." Rob's hand squeezed hard, painful enough to make Trisha squeal as she throated Jake's dick. That's it, that's it. Come on! Fuck my pussy, instead of Mandy's!She wanted to shout that out, to just tell him directly, but she knew it wouldn't work. These guys had to think that she hated this; that was the only way it would work. So she could do nothing but slobber and gulp on this one dick, still pretending to choke and cry as she did it. 

 "No way, man. You picked that one and I picked this one. So I get first dibs. Fuck your own bitch." Jake was still jamming into Trisha's face, his hips pumping her mouth like a cunt, his hard rod throbbing in her slobbery lips. In the background, Mandy was still struggling and crying out, but Rob's voice drowned it out. 

 "Yeah... all right, fine. I'll fuck this one first. But you got to let me try out that slut's twat too." 

 Trisha felt the hand lift from her ass, and heard a loud scream from Mandy. No!!!There was nothing she could do! As long as this guy was plowing into her face, she couldn't turn around, she couldn't distract the other one. The only way she could help Mandy was if she could stop blowing this guy, and that meant that she had to make him cum, and quickly. 

 At that moment, she plunged herself up and down him with surprising speed, forgetting completely to act frightened, locking her tongue and her lips around his shaft and gulping down his meat like only an experienced slut could. The blonde-haired guy let out a loud gasp and Trisha felt his hands tightening on the back of her head. 

 "Holy... shit! This slut can suck some cock! Slow... slow down!" 

 But even as he said it, his body seemed to disagree; his hands were now grabbing fistfuls of her hair, and slowly rocking her head against his meat, pushing her ever further down his cock as she gulped him deep. Trisha felt his hard, throbbing shaft rubbing up against her lips, stretching them wide open, jamming against her soft, velvety tongue and deep into her throat. The cheerleader let out loud slurps and moans as she worked, still with her ass in the air, bending down to blow him. Faster and faster, she pumped her mouth onto his rod, engulfing it, letting her drool-coated lips fly over the hot skin of his dick. She felt his hands tightening even more on her hair, and knew that he wouldn't last long. She thrust herself even harder, working for his cum with her entire body, her legs pumping and her back sharply arched. 

 The two of them were now rocking towards each other, her captor jamming his meat into her throat, Trisha meeting him with her own thrusts, gulping him into her mouth, wrapping her tongue and her lips around his pulsating cock as he pumped. 

 "Oh shit... oh fuck... oh fuck I can't... hold it... " 

 Come on, damnett! Cum!Trisha went deep once more, holding her breath and gulping him down into her throat, slurping loudly as she once more pushed her lips down to the base of his throbbing shaft, burying every inch of him in her warm, wet mouth. She kept him stuffed there, licking furiously, sucking and gurgling and slobbering, drool leaking out of her lips in her effort and dribbling to the pavement. 

 "Ohhh... holy... shit!!" Try as he might, the frat boy's stamina was no match for Trisha's skills. The cheerleader felt his dick spasm in her throat as his cum spurted forth, and he was so deep in her mouth that she didn't even taste it; the gooey liquid instead slithered straight down her throat, into her stomach. She could almost feel the warmth bubbling in her as she swallowed his spunk, still throating him, still gurgling as she sucked. She let him finish unloading his juices in her stomach, but as soon as she felt the throbbing against her lips subside, she wrenched her head off of him. He let her go, as she knew he would, now that he had finished. Gasping for breath, she quickly whirled around and stumbled forward, pretending to trip over herself, as she turned to face the other boy. 

 Her face flushed with rage as she saw what he was doing. Rob had forced Mandy to her knees too, and tears streamed down her face as the dark-haired boy plunged his dick into her unwilling lips. Unlike Trisha, Mandy had probably never sucked a dick before, and she had no experience; her coughs and gags were real. She wrenched her head away from him again and again, gasping for breath, spitting out her slobber as the tears streamed, now only half in terror and half in response to her gag reflex. But then he would yank her back, and force her mouth open, shoving his dick down it, choking her yet again, prompting another fit of gagging and yelping. Mandy's lips trembled as she struggled, her tongue flailing, her cheeks red with effort. 

 "Please," she whimpered. "Please..noo... mmmf!" 

 Let her go!Trisha stumbled forward again, collapsing into the frat boy's arms, pushing Mandy onto the ground away from them as she fell. She heard a slobbery popas his dick slipped out of Mandy's reluctant lips. 

 "What the fuck... bitch!" Rob yelled out as Mandy collapsed against the ground. "You don't know the first fucking thing about sucking a goddamn dick!" He shoved Trisha off of him with frightening strength, and the petite cheerleader tumbled to the pavement. 

 Mandy was desperately trying to crawl away, but Rob grabbed her legs and yanked her back, prompting her to squeal desperately as he dragged her towards him. 

 "No! No! Please!!!" 

 "Dude... dude... " Jake was sweaty and breathing hard, but was still standing, watching them. "Let that other bitch blow you. Man, she knows how to suck cock." 

 "Yeah? Fuck yeah, man. Here. Hold onto this one." Jake stepped forward and grabbed hold of the whimpering, struggling Mandy, and Rob turned towards Trisha. 

 "Okay, you slut. Suck my cock, bitch. Suck it good." 

 Trisha put on another frightened face. "I... don't want to... please... " 

 "Fuck you." He grabbed her and plowed his dick into her mouth, and Trisha obediently parted her lips, letting him slide easily into her warm, slobbery mouth, just as Jake had only minutes earlier. 

 "Ohh... fuck yeah." Rob closed his eyes and placed his hands on each side of Trisha's head, holding her steady as he fucked her mouth deep and hard. The petite cheerleader was trapped and helpless now, her face held firmly in position as Rob's thick meat stabbed into her lips, stretching and prodding her mouth open, piercing into her throat. 

 "No... please... please... " Mandy's cries were fainter now, and Trisha realized that her friend must be exhausted. She could hear the girl's panting and moaning behind her as she succumbed to Rob's fierce face-fucking, gulping and slobbering, letting her drool run down her already-soaked chin and neck. His dick was hard and stiff in Trisha's mouth, filling her. He was longer than Jake, and when he plunged balls deep into her mouth, forcing every inch of his shaft into her, she choked for real this time, her throat convulsing and her chest heaving involuntarily as he pumped. 

 Then, she heard scuffling, and she realized that Jake had brought over Mandy, still struggling as best as she could, and they were now standing to the side of them, barely a foot away. Mandy's skirt and panties were discarded in the alleyway, along with her torn blouse. Her bra had been jerked down, revealing her slim, B-cup tits. The girl's frame was thin against Jake's burly body, and he was handling her fighting and struggling like she was a child. 

 Jake's laugh echoed through the street. "Watch her, you bitch. Watch your friend get her mouth raped." 

 Mandy's tears streamed down her face as Jake grabbed hold of her chin, forcing her to look down at Trisha, in her cheerleader's uniform, kneeling on the hard pavement, her face held still by Rob as he plunged his dick into her slobbery mouth. The girl closed her eyes and looked away, whimpering softly. "Trisha... oh, Trisha... " 

 Rob was grunting hard as he fucked Trisha's mouth, every extra-deep thrust choking her and sending her into a fit of gags. But he ignored them completely, still plowing into her even as she coughed and her chest spasmed, stabbing into her flushed face with ferocious power. Even over his low grunts, Trisha could hear Jake's laughs. 

 "Yeah, you like that? You want me to do the same to you?" 

 Mandy shook her head, terrified, and cried out in fright as she felt Jake's hands roam over her naked body, grabbing at her small tits, pinching her hips and her ass. "Please, no, please!" 

 Trisha tried to look up, but Rob's hands were vice-like on her head, keeping her still for his use, steady as a jackhammer, working her mouth with deep, powerful strokes. The petite cheerleader fought against his grip, but his strength overpowered hers. 

 Jake's hand was now at Mandy's pussy, his palm pressed against the curls of Mandy's bush, his fingers rubbing the girl's virgin twat. Mandy's eyes were wider than ever now, filled with a wild mix of shame and terror and shock, as his fingers gently slid over the lips of her tiny cunt. He grinned, staring down at the girl as she trembled and struggled in his grip, fighting against his fingers roaming across her twat. 

 "Ohh... fuck... her mouth is so good... " Rob's eyes were closed, his lips pursed tight as he jammed his throbbing cock deep into Trisha's throat. The petite cheerleader was struggling for real now, fighting against his powerful grip on her head, squirming as she kneeled in front of him. But it was no use. He probably weighed twice as much as her, easily, and he was going to have his way with her mouth and her body as long as he wanted. 

 "Yeah... feels good, right?" Jake laughed as Mandy's body bucked wearily against his, fighting with what little strength she had left. His hand was still tight on the girl's pussy, cupping and squeezing it, and Mandy was almost gasping as she cried and sobbed, helpless against his touch. 

 Stop! Please, stop!Trisha's heart was pounding, and for the first time she was starting to feel real terror stirring in her chest, forced to kneel only feet away from her friend as Jake was getting ready to rape her, her own face submitted to Rob's fierce face fucking, impaling her throat and sending her into yet another spasm of choking and gagging. They can't do this to Mandy! They can't! 

 " Nooo... please... .please!!!" Mandy's body involuntarily bucked against Jake's as the tips of his fingers parted her pussy lips, rubbing at the tender flesh in between. The girl's face was tight in an expression of pain and humilation, her eyes clenched shut and her mouth open as she pleaded and begged. Mandy... oh God, Mandy... 

 Jake's laugh was drowned out by a loud groan from Rob. "Oh fuck! Fuck... this bitch's mouth... is so good... " 

 "Yeah man, I told you," Jake said. "Busted my nut in her cause it felt so good." 

 "Oh, fuck... me too... fuck she's so good... " 

 Mandy's body was sagging against Jake's, twitching and shuddering as she desperately, helplessly tried to escape his prying fingers. Trisha could see Mandy's legs, weaving back and forth, stretching open and back closed, trying to find any position possible that could prevent him from caressing her twat. 

 "Hey, man... I got an idea... shoot your load on this bitch's face." Jake grabbed hold of Mandy by the hair and forced her down, so that her face was only inches away from Trisha's. His hand was still gently rubbing her twat, grinning as he did it, enjoying her struggling, enjoying her terror and fear of what was yet to come. 

 Trisha's own eyes were filled with tears now too, from her gag reflex and Rob's vicious fucking, and she heard the frat boy grunt out his approval, as his cock began to throb and swell in her lips. No! Don't do that to Mandy! Cum in my mouth!She wanted to shout it out, but she couldn't, so instead she tried to grab him around the thighs, forcing him down as far as she could, gagging as she went but plunging deep anyway. 

 But Rob was too strong. He shoved her aside, throwing her down so hard that Trisha sprawled across the pavement, his drool-coated cock slipping out of her mouth as the cheerleader fell. Gasping for breath, wiping her mouth and her eyes, Trisha hauled herself back up, and shouted out loud at the sight: "Stop! No!" 

 Mandy was bent over at the waist, her legs still squirming, her head held steady by Jake. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. One of Jake's hands was buried in her hair, painfully holding her steady as she squirmed; the other was still on her pussy, stretching her open with two fingers and caressing her. Rob was standing in front of her, jacking off his throbbing meat, and even as Trisha struggled to stand he was cumming, shooting thick ropes of cum across Mandy's face. 

 No!!Mandy's expression was one of shame and mortification, her eyes and her lips squeezed shut and her nose scrunched in disgust. Rob's cum plopped across her nose and her cheeks, her lips and her closed eyelids, each stream sending an involuntarily spasm across Mandy's face as it landed, dribbling down her face and her chin in long white lines. Her face was now a sloppy mess of cum and tears, covered in gooey globs. Rob let out a loud, satisfied gasp, then turned around and grabbed Trisha by the arm, dragging the cheerleader forward. 

 "Lick it off, slut! Lick my cum off your friend!" 

 Jake laughed as Rob grabbed Trisha by the hair, forcing her forward, facing Mandy, only inches away from her cum-splattered face, staring at her friend's tightly shut eyes and trembling lips. 

 "Do it, bitch!" 

 Reluctantly, Trisha slowly leaned forward, still staring at Mandy's mortified face. 

 "I'm so sorry," she whispered, gently and softly. "Mandy... I'm so sorry... " 

 Her friend was silent as Trisha unwillingly parted her lips and extended her tongue. Steeling herself, she slowly leaned forward and began to lightly lick up the streams of cum that were running across Mandy's mouth and her chin. Her tongue tingled as she felt the saltiness drench her tastebuds, a combination of Mandy's frightened tears and Rob's thick jism, but she kept licking, sucking the liquid into her mouth as she went. Mandy's cheeks were soft against her lips, red and flushed and soggy. 

 Halfway through, she paused, gulping the cum down quickly, and took the opportunity to whisper again, so quiet that it was barely audible. "Stay calm, Mandy... just stay calm." 

 Her friend was still silent, so ashamed that she was unable to speak, and Trisha quickly finished licking Mandy's face clean, lapping up the cum from her nose and her eyelids with her tongue, going gently as her friend's face twitched in response. 

 "Fuck yeah... that was hot... " Jake laughed, and Rob grinned and nodded. Apparently satisfied, their grips on the girls' hair sagged, and they let them stand. As Mandy straightened, she reluctantly opened her eyes, her face still full of shame, and saw her friend staring right at her. Trisha's own mouth and chin was covered in drool, and her long brown hair was a mess around her face. 

 Trisha took one look at the humiliation in Mandy's face, and then sunk back down to her knees. The cheerleader reached up with both hands and grabbed onto each of the frat boys' dicks, both flaccid and soft, and began to gently caress them. As she did it, she stared up, her eyes pleading and desperate. This was her last attempt. This is all I have left... I can't think of anything else to do. I have to find a way to get Mandy out of this! 

 "Please... " she whimpered, her voice soft as she looked up at Rob and Jake, still gently stroking their half-hard cocks. "Please... let my friend go. Just fuck me. You can both fuck me... just let my friend go." 

 She watched as all three of their faces went blank. Rob and Jake were already caught off guard by her hands on their dicks, but now they were completely shocked. Mandy's too, was blank with surprise as she stared down at her friend, in her cheerleading uniform, once more on her knees, voluntarily jacking off the two guys that had just raped her mouth while she looked up at them with pleading, begging eyes. 

 Rob spoke first. "You want us to let her go?" 

 Trisha nodded, still stroking them gently, and she noticed that they were starting to grow in her hands. "Please... just fuck me all you want... I'm begging you... " Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 10 ****** byHiddenDevil_© Jake's face broke into a grin. "No way, slut." Rob let out a sharp, barking laugh. 

 "Yeah, we're keeping you for the night. Both of you." 

 But even as he said that, Mandy was slowly, quietly wriggling out of Jake's grip. She had listened to Trisha's whisper, and she wasn't fighting wildly anymore, but more gently slipping away from him. The frat boys hadn't noticed yet; they were too distracted by Trisha's hands on their cocks, gently stroking and encouraging them back to hardness, unable to take their eyes off of her as she looked up at them with pleading eyes. 

 As soon as the boys had first seen her; a cute eighteen-year-old, dressed in a skimpy cheerleader's blouse and miniskirt, barely five feet tall and with sweet brown eyes and a pouty innocent face, they thought they knew what to expect. They had expected a naïve little girl, who would panic just like Mandy had, at their first touch. What they hadn't expected was a girl who could throat both of their rods, slurping and milking the cum out of their balls like water. Now, as she looked up at them, sitting on her knees on the pavement, her perky tits bulging out of her blouse, with her hands on their cocks and her face in a desperate pout, all they could think about was stuffing their dicks back in her warm, wet mouth. Or pumping into her sweet, tight pussy... 

 Trisha tightened her grip slightly on their hard shafts, stroking them both in rhythm, and both boys groaned softly. Out of the corner of her eye, she had seen Mandy slowly creeping out of their reach, and immediately, she kept talking, her voice as soft and begging as she could possibly make it. "But... but... please, can't you just fuck my pussy? Don't you want to?" 

 Rob burst out laughing, in between groans; and his eyes were fixed on Trisha's, hypnotized, thinking only of the feeling of her lips wrapped around his shaft. "Listen to this slut, Jake! She's askingus to fuck her! What a dumb bitch!" 

 "Ohhh... " Jake's eyes were half-closed, enjoying Trisha's soft fingers on his dick, still slick and wet from the cheerleader's slobber. He seemed hypnotized too, unable to look away from the pleading cheerleader. "Yeah... dumb slut... fuck that feels good... " 

 Mandy took a tiny, half-step back, and Trisha suddenly realized that she had slipped out of Jake's grip. The frat boy didn't even notice; his eyes were fixated on Trisha, kneeling in front of him, his arms at his side, concentrating only on her handjob. The petite cheerleader kept pleading: "You... you could fuck me doggy-style... " The boys both groaned at the thought of it. "Or... or you could double penetrate me... one in my pussy... one in my mouth. Or... " 

 She was ferociously jacking them off now, using her own drool on their cocks as lubricant, quickly sliding from the base of their shaft up to the tip, watching them shudder as she caressed the heads and then glided back down. Mandy was still backing away, naked except for her useless bra, her stained face wild with fright and confusion. 

 Run! Run, you idiot! Damnett, Mandy!At any moment, one of the frat boys might recover. It had to be now. For a moment, Mandy seemed unable to move, as if she couldn't possibly leave her friend to go through this alone, even after all the hell she had been through. She was still in the alleyway, silent, still terrified, her eyes fixed on Trisha. As she watched Mandy back away, both hands gripping a cock, Trisha gave a slight nod. It's okay, Mandy. Just go!Mandy stared at Trisha for only a moment longer, then turned on her heels and fled, sprinting away with all the strength she had left. 

 "Fuck!" Trisha heard one of them say. "She's getting away! Fuck! Grab her!" 

 Trisha felt Jake begin to move away from her hand, ready to follow Mandy. She sprang into action, grabbing his hips and plunging his dick into her mouth, sucking and slurping, still jacking off the other dick with her other hand. It worked; the blonde-haired frat boy completely forgot about chasing Mandy, staying where he was and groaning. Trisha felt his hands slide into her hair, grabbing fistfuls as he gently began to rock himself into her wet lips, the full length of his shaft buried in her mouth in one long, deep gulp. 

 Mandy was gone. 

 "You fucking idiot!" Rob yelled. "You let her get away!" 

 "Ohhh fuck... " Jake was moaning, staring down at Trisha as she slobbered her way down his dick. "Sorry man... she's just so... fucking good. Holy shit... her mouth... " 

 Now it was only the three of them; the two drunk guys and Trisha, on her knees between them. Mandy's gone,she kept telling herself, again and again. She got away... I did it. I did it! 

 "Shit... that stupid little bitch." 

 Trisha squealed in pain as Rob suddenly grabbed a fistful of her hair, pulling her to her feet, forcing her to pop Jake's dick out of her wet lips. Jake moaned in disappointment as Trisha stumbled, leaning on Rob for support, looking up at his face as he glared down at her. 

 "Guess we'll just be fucking you after all. Now we're just gonna have to bang you twice as hard!" 

 And with that, he shoved Trisha back down. The petite cheerleader let out another squeal as she tumbled to the ground, her miniskirt flopping around her legs as she collapsed on the pavement. Before she could recover, she felt powerful, strong hands on her, grabbing at her blouse, ripping it off her dainty frame and discarding it on the floor. She gave a pained whimper as one of them viciously grabbed her thong, yanking it down to her knees to reveal her pink pussy. They had tugged her bra off too, revealing the firm, ample mounds beneath, and Trisha shuddered softly as both of her tits were ferociously groped, squeezed and massaged as she struggled to stand up. 

 "Damn... her tits feel nice... " 

 "Check out her tight pussy, man... fuck this slut has a hot little body." 

 Trisha had barely managed to stand, on wobbly legs, when one of them grabbed her, forcing her body against his. She was pinned to him now, her hands clawing helplessly, strong arms wrapped around her little waist, a throbbing erection pressed against her back. At the same time, she was pressed forward, standing only a few feet from a wall, so that she was looking only at bricks, unable to see the two boys behind her. 

 Trisha closed her eyes as she heard them laughing behind her. She couldn't see what was going on. In truth, she had had sex rougher than this before, so she shouldn't be scared... right? But they're about to take me against my will... I know I should be terrified...but...For some reason, Trisha's mind was blank. She didn't know if she was scared or not scared... she didn't seem to feel either. 

 Someone had just grabbed her cheerleading miniskirt and wrenched it up to her waist, revealing her firm butt. A second later, a pair of hands was on her hips, and she could tell, as she was roughly shoved to and fro, that someone was positioning themselves behind her, ready to pound into her twat. 

 "Hey!" That was Rob's voice. "Why do you get to go first?" 

 Trisha's entire body stiffened, her legs twitching and her face tightening as she felt something thick and hard press up against her pussy lips. 

 "Ohh... it's cool man... you'll get your turn... .fuck, she's so tight... " Jake was easing into her now, the head of his cock gently parting the cheerleader's pussy lips open to stab inside. Trisha wasn't wet, but his dick was slick and soaked with her slobber, and she could feel her twat stretching to accommodate him as he slowly slid inside of her. He was groaning as he did it, relishing every inch of her tight cunt as it clasped down on his cock. 

 "Damnett... fine." Rob was clearly annoyed. A few seconds later, Trisha felt him slide in front of her, leaning against the wall. As she looked up at him, he grabbed a fistful of her hair. Even as Jake kept his arms wrapped around her waist, forcing her to stand, Rob pushed her head down hard, towards his rock- hard meat. The petite cheerleader yelped in surprise as she tipped forward, losing her balance, and she was forced to grab onto Rob's hips to keep from falling on her face. Her vision blurred and then steadied, and she saw the tip of his dick, hovering inches from her face. "Suck it, you slut." 

 Trisha opened her mouth and obeyed without a word, letting him sink his shaft once more into her tired mouth. She felt him stretching open and stabbing against her tongue, just as Jake was slowly impaling her pussy, plunging deep inside, her soft cunt yielding to his powerful thrusts. The two boys were both groaning as they fucked Trisha from both ends, pumping her soft lips and her tight twat. 

 Trisha closed her eyes, helpless to their fucking, feeling her body violated and subjected by their lust. Just get through it,she told herself, trying her best to ignore the slobbery smacks from her lips and the soft slaps of Jake's hips colliding with her ass as he plowed into her. The full length of his dick was plunging into her, hot and throbbing. Find a way to get through it. 

 With her thong around her knees and her miniskirt scrunched uselessly around her waist, the petite cheerleader was now sandwiched between the two boys, forced to stand by Jake, her legs pressed against his and her hips held steady as he pumped into her. Rob's hand in her hair was making her bend over at the waist, and she kept her grip on his hips to keep from sprawling forward. Just... think of something else. Pretend you're not here... you're not with them...Jake was much taller than her, and as he yanked her ass up to meet his dick, Trisha felt her legs rise and her heels leave the ground. He was forcing her to stand on her tip-toes to meet the level of his throbbing cock. 

 Yes... pretend they're not raping me. Pretend this is just a great hook-up.She concentrated on the thought, trying to close her mind off from the scene by imagining another one. These are just two guys, banging me like I want, giving me exactly what I need. Like two football players... Brad and his friend Dan, fucking me in the boys' locker room... dirty and nasty, just the way I like it.Her petite body was being rocked back and forth by the boys, their cocks pounding her body, pumping her lips and her cunt. Brad and Dan are going to shoot their cum all over me, that hot, delicious cum... that's exactly what I want... just like a slut... a dirty slut... 

 And then, something shocking, something completely unexpected happened. As Jake plunged extra hard, pounding balls-deep into her little pussy, Trisha suddenly felt a stab of lustful pleasure slip through her hips and her legs. The cheerleader's eyes flew open in shock, even as her lips were stretched and stuffed full by Rob's meat. Then, another hard thrust by Jake, and another twinge of pleasure flushed through her as she stumbled a half-step forward to keep her balance. 

 What??Apparently, trying to imagine another scene had worked better than she expected. Her body was reacting... I... I can't believe I'm enjoying this... 

 "Ohhhh fuck... " Jake was groaning as he pounded into her, his hips slamming against hers, his balls slapping as they jammed against her pussy lips. "She's so fucking tight... " His strokes were impacting through Trisha's entire little body, her long hair flailing around her face and her tits flopping as she was forced to plunge up and down Rob's meat. Jake's hands, tight on her ass, were still yanking her dainty body against his, fiercely pulling her up as he drove into her. Rob's hand was tight on her head, keeping her bent over. 

 No!A voice rang through her head. I can't possibly enjoy this... I can't let them think they're giving me pleasure... not after what they did to Mandy! Never!She closed her eyes again and steeled herself, willing her body not to enjoy it, not to respond to the vicious pounding of Jake's cock. And it wasvicious, so deep and so hard, pumping his entire length into her tight twat, drilling her petite body, roughly holding her, tugging her so hard that he was practically lifting her off the ground, raising her on her tip-toes as he took her... ohhh... God... no, I can't! 

 But the pleasure was growing inside of her, spreading inside the cheerleader's body, flooding her pussy and flushing her skin. Trisha kept her eyes closed, fighting her body's lust, refusing to give in. I can't give them that satisfaction! I can't!It was so good, though, that rock-hard cock pistoning into her, filling every inch. No... I can't... I can't... 

 "Yeah, you slut!" Rob grinned as he stared down at the petite cheerleader, her body rocked back and forth as both boys plowed into her, her gorgeous, slender frame on display, her slender legs taught and straining as she stood on her toes, her back sharply arched as she bent over for him, her tits and her long brown hair swinging back and forth in rhythm as they pumped into her. Jake's groans were loud and breathless, and his hands tightened on Trisha's ass as he thrust, his strokes long and steady now, piercing deep into Trisha's twat, burying his entire cock in her canal. 

 The cheerleader's body was rigid with effort now, as she desperately fought the pleasure that was creeping up, threatening at any moment to overwhelm her. The voice was screaming in her head &ndash; No! No, I can't!&ndash; but each second, the cheerleader realized that it was growing dimmer, being overtaken by the lust filling her body. And just then, Jake thrust extra hard, his hips colliding with Trisha's ass with a loud SLAP,and the cheerleader reeled forward with the force of it, feeling every inch of his shaft, hard and throbbing in her pussy. 

 "Ohhhh... " The cheerleader couldn't help it. A muffled moan escaped her lips even as she plunged down on Rob's cock. Fortunately, Jake was speaking over her, and they didn't hear her. Thank God! 

 "Shit... she's so tight... I'm gonna... I'm gonna cum soon, man!" 

 "Don't cum inside her! I wanna fuck that twat too!" 

 Jake grabbed Trisha by the hips, forcing her ass to jam against his dick, engulfing his shaft with each pump, slamming into Trisha with all his might. It's like he's filling up my body with his cock... every inch of my little, violated body...Trisha suddenly realized that she was pressing and straining her little body against Jake's of her own accord, voluntarily standing on her tip-toes to offer herself to his assaults, gently straining and thrusting with her legs to rock into his meat. She couldn't help it; her body was crying out for more, and it was silently, reluctantly encouraging Jake as he slammed into her. 

 Nooo!!!One last cry echoed in Trisha's mind as Jake's ferocious fucking kicked Trisha's lust into another drive, and it overwhelmed her body. The cheerleader tried to hide it as best as she could, but she was whimpering softly against Rob's dick, her body slowly rocking along with Jake's grip. His dick was just so good, roughly pounding her twat, forcing her body against him. 

 "Ahhh... fuck!!!" Jake's strength was amazing, his thrusts so deep and hard that Trisha felt like he was lifting her off the ground, jamming her little body back and forth on his throbbing meat. Yes... oh God yes...She squealed gently as he pumped her, unable to stay silent but trying her best to be as quiet as she could. 

 Just then, Jake let go of her and quickly pulled his dick out of her pussy. Trisha heard scuffling behind her, and a moment later Jake had pushed Rob out of the way, his swelling, throbbing dick hanging in front of her face. Surprised, she tumbled forward, grabbing onto Jake for support. She was still bent over at the waist, her back sharply arched, still straining on her tip- toes as she stumbled. The frat boy was too preoccupied to notice, but as Trisha looked up at him, her eyes were pleading, against her will, begging silently for more. The cheerleader's pussy was still tingling with his harsh fucking, and her body wanted more of the same, still unsatisfied, aching for a hard pounding. 

 "No... " she protested, in a small, whimpering voice. Rob laughed as he looked down at her; he thought she was trying to say no to Jake cumming in her mouth. But Trisha was really protesting her empty pussy &ndash; she was saying no to Jake withdrawing from her, to the fact that she wanted his cock back deep inside her canal. Oh God... I can't help it... more... more! 

 "Urgh!" Jake shoved his dick deep into Trisha's mouth, prompting a loud gurgle from the petite cheerleader as she clung to the frat boy's legs for balance. For the fourth time that evening, Trisha accepted a load of cum, feeling the salty goo spurt across her tongue, filling her mouth with that distinctive taste. He kept thrusting into her mouth as he came, his cock spasming against her lips as he spurted into her. When he was finished, he pulled back out and looked down at Trisha, admiring the naked cheerleader as she stood in the alleyway, bent over and holding onto his legs, gulping down his seed for the second time. 

 "That's good little slut," he sneered. 

 "My turn!" Rob was already behind her, his cock positioned, and he grabbed hold of her ass and forced her down. Trisha's knees buckled and she gasped in shock as Rob shoved her to the ground, one hand on her back, driving her face and her shoulders into the hard pavement. She was on her knees now, her hands clawing helplessly at the pavement, her ass raised and vulnerable. Rob quickly lowered himself to his knees as well, stroking his drool-coated cock as he began to ease into the cheerleader. Trisha kept her lips tightly shut, fighting with all her strength to bottle up the yelp of pleasure as her body flushed with lust, feeling Rob's cock plow deep into her swollen cunt, giving her aching canal exactly what it wanted. Oh God, yes... he's even rougher than Jake... 

 "Ohhh... fuck yeah!" Rob groaned as Trisha's twat wrapped around his meat, soft and wet on his shaft as he buried himself inside of her. The cheerleader lowered her head to the pavement, hiding her face as she tried to conceal her soft moans of pleasure. It's so good... God... oh... 

 "Yeah, you slut!" Jake yanked her head back up, and she saw his face, tired but satisfied, grinning down at her as Rob rocked her little body against his. "How's that cock feel, you little bitch? Does it feel good?" He was taunting her. 

 "No... " Trisha whimpered, knowing that it was the right answer, trying to make it the right answer, but her body just wouldn't listen. Her flesh was tingling with pleasure, her little legs quivering as Rob plowed hard and deep into her, his hips colliding painfully with Trisha's as he forced himself into her twat. His hands were tight and firm on Trisha's waist, and he was jamming her body backwards, forcing the petite cheerleader's entire body to engulf his meat. 

 Jake laughed. "How's that feel, you slut? Like it? Are you still glad you asked us both to fuck you?" 

 Trisha shook her head. "N-no... I... I... " It was all she could come up with. She was working so hard to conceal her moans, fighting so hard against the pleasure that was coursing through her body. Rob's dick was thick and hard in her twat, filling her up, sending wave after wave of carnal lust through the cheerleader's trembling body. He was so strong, his hands wrapped around Trisha's tiny waist, his hips powering into her like a machine. 

 "Oh... oh... oh... " Trisha's whimpers were barely audible, and she wrenched her head away so Jake couldn't see as she struggled against the pleasure. Maybe... maybe he'll think I'm moaning in pain...But there was no pain; only carnal pleasure, building up, bubbling through her, taking over her entire body so that each time Rob plunged into her twat, the sensation radiated across every inch of her flesh and sent spasms of joy into every limb. He was grunting and groaning as he worked her cunt, and each thrust was reeling through Trisha, sending the cheerleader's little body forward, driving her into the ground before he yanked her back up against him. Hard and fast and deep... just the way Trisha liked it... no... no... Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 10 ****** byHiddenDevil_© Jake laughed again and kept taunting her. "Take it, you whore! Take it!" 

 A fierce shudder ran through Trisha's body as the pleasure kept rising, and her hands gripped at the pebbly pavement in her effort to contain herself. Oh no... oh no!Rob's fucking was so incredible, so rough and powerful, and it was sending Trisha up a wild peak of pleasure, each thrust pushing her farther and higher, and she was close to the top now... so close. No... he can't make me cum... he can't!Trisha knew from experience that her orgasms were uncontainable &ndash; her loud, earsplitting screams, her uncontrollable writhing and thrashing. If she climaxed, there was no way she could hide it. No way,she thought, but even as she did, she felt his meat pumping into her, punishing her, each thrust sending her body forward and her tits flailing, spilling her hair onto the street and her legs twitching and wobbling with lust. 

 "Fuck... she's so tight... " He was gasping and heaving, and his hips were blurry fast, thrusting him balls-deep into Trisha's little body. Even as each pound was drilling Trisha's desperate body into the asphalt, it was also pushing her up over the peak, tipping her further and further, and she teetered on the edge for what felt like an eternity. She fought with all her strength, panting with the effort, clawing and quaking, every muscle tensed. But there was no ignoring that cock drilling her, plowing into her, filling her body just the way she liked it, the way she wanted to be filled forever... 

 No! No! NO!!! 

 Trisha's quivering body gave in. She felt her orgasm building in her pussy, convulsing and spasming on Rob's cock, and then the waves rushed through her body, setting every inch of her on fire with lust, conquering what little resistance the cheerleader had left and tossing it aside. Trisha lowered her head and her entire body quaked with the effort of containing it, but before she even tried, she knew she couldn't do it. 

 "Ohhhh GOD!!!" The scream of pleasure burst free of her lungs, and it broke the dam inside of her, sending the wave flushing through her, each jolt from her pussy sending her petite body into a whirl of squirming and spasming on the pavement, her eyes squeezed shut and her mouth open and rigid in an expression of pure joy. 

 "OH MY GOD!" The cheerleader screamed again, unable to contain it, and it echoed through the alleyway as her body trembled within her climax, jolting and shuddering back and forth, the pleasure overpowering her unwilling body. 

 A third time, she screamed, completely out of control now. "OH FUCK YES!!" She was still squirming and twisting in her climax, even as she silently cursed at herself for doing it, unable to stop the surges of carnal pleasure from wracking her little body. At last, her reluctant orgasm died down, and Trisha was able to relax. Even as her arms and legs tingled with joy, she clamped her lips shut, ashamed and mortified. It was several seconds before she could will herself to look up at the two boys. 

 Jake was staring down at her in shock. Trisha closed her eyes in shame. No... I can't believe it... how could they make me cum?? How could I let them do that? 

 "Holy shit!" Jake shouted, at last. "Are you seeing this, Rob? Are you seeing this slut?? She just fucking came!!!" 

 "I... I know... " Rob wheezed out from behind Trisha. "Fuck... oh man... me too... " 

 Trisha's body was still shuddering as she recovered from her orgasm, but she felt the heat in her twat as Rob came, his thick shaft throbbing and pulsating deep inside of her, filling her soaked cunt with jism. She could feel every spurt bursting through his cock, tight and hard inside her pussy, rumbling through her. 

 His cum was flooding her, and with each gush of his seed, she felt like it was washing through her body, corrupting her, flooding her with the white hot liquid of her shame. I can't believe it...Her body sagged against Rob's as he shuddered in his climax, unloading in her teenage pussy, and the cheerleader lowered her head once more in disgrace. They tried to rape Mandy... poor Mandy... and now I let them give me an orgasm! I can't believe I gave them that satisfaction... I can't believe my body betrayed me like that... 

 "Fuck... holy shit Rob! You made that slut cum!" 

 "Huh? Oh... hell yeah bro! Fuck yeah I did... " Rob was gasping for breath, recovering from unloading his seed in Trisha's twat, his dick still buried inside of her. 

 Trisha's mind returned to reality as she heard them laughing above her. She was still on her hands and knees, the hard pavement grinding into her soft skin, her petite, stripped body in between them. A second later, she felt Rob's hands lift from her dainty waist, and heard the sound of the two frat boys high- fiving over her. This is it...she realized. Go, Trisha! Now! 

 Quick as a cat and without a word, Trisha rolled to her side, slipping out from between the boys, and jumped to her feet. She heard them yelling behind her as she started to run, but almost immediately, she stumbled. She had forgotten that they had only yanked her thong down to her knees, and now it was tangled on her legs. Jumping and skipping, she wrenched it down her ankles and kicked it off, not looking back, refusing to see if they were following, sprinting into the darkness. 

 Each second, her heart burned with fear that she would feel one of their hands on her shoulder, dragging her back. But it never came. Half a block later, she chanced a glimpse over a shoulder, and saw them a dozen yards away, yelling and running after her but clearly without a chance of catching up. The cheerleader kept running, naked except for her miniskirt, flopping around her waist, her tennis shoes scuffling on the pavement, her tits bounding and dancing in the cool night air as she fled. 

 Even after several blocks, she was still running, panting and gasping as she went, her mind whirling with fear and dread at the thought of being caught again. But the worst part was what she was really afraid of. It wasn't the physical part of being raped. It was the way her body had betrayed her; the way she had quivered and quaked in her effort to stop herself from cumming, but in the end had lost. Her two captors &ndash; Mandy's captors &ndash; had made her cum, and she had been helpless against them. I fought it so hard... but my body just wouldn't listen. What's going on? Why did that happen??The last few months had felt like breaking free of a cage; they had been nothing but wild, sexual bliss for Trisha. But for the first time in a long while, she felt uneasy. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 11 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 "Okay, Mandy. I'll talk to you later. No, don't worry about it. Okay, bye." Trisha hung up the phone, and sighed. It had been only a few days since she had found Mandy in the alleyway after cheerleading practice, after she had rescued her from her kidnappers by offering herself instead. Mandy had called her the next day only to thank her, but Trisha quickly realized in the days that followed that it was more than that; she was the only person that Mandy could talk to about it. The cheerleader shook her head as she stood by the window, thinking. Poor Mandy…she's so innocent… 

 Trisha wanted someone to talk to as well, but for her it wasn't Mandy. The cheerleader flipped her cell phone back open, went to her recently dialed numbers, and called Britney. Just like the last several times, the phone rang several times, then went to the head cheerleader's voicemail. Frustrated, Trisha hung up. She couldn't stop thinking about the scene…trading herself for her virgin friend, thinking that she could handle it better than Mandy could. But that wasn't even the worst part. The worst was that they had made her cum…even when she was trying so hard to resist, even when her entire petite body was quivering with the effort, the orgasm had burst through her. She had never felt so ashamed. How could I let myself cum to the same guys who were trying to do that to Mandy? 

 Trisha picked up her cell phone again, but didn't bother dialing. Britney wasn't there two minutes ago…why would she be there now? But I need to talk to her now…more than ever. For the past few months, Trisha had believed in Britney's words, that the lust that always overtook her body was simply just a part of her &ndash; that she shouldn't be ashamed how insatiable she was. She was just a slut, like Britney, and it was a part of her to be enjoyed rather than bottled up, to be embraced rather than avoided. But now, she wasn't so sure. Britney's always so carefree about this…what's her secret? How does she find a way to not worry about any of this? 

 Trisha sighed, and dialed the head cheerleader once more. Britney would have an answer for her…she always did. Now she just had to find her. She got Britney's voicemail again and took a deep breath, trying to sound casual. "Hey Brit, it's Trisha again. Just wanted to talk to you. Call me!" 

 Finally, the cheerleader flopped onto her bed, her long brown hair spilling across the blanket. I'm so sick of thinking about all of this…I just have to wait for Britney to call back. Just wait for her advice, and forget about it until then. Distract yourself, Trisha.She sat up on the bed, and shook her head. There's no way I can think about anything else here…I have to get out of the house! But where can I go?Trisha glanced out the window as she thought, staring at the brilliant sunshine outside, when the thought hit her. The beach!Immediately, the cheerleader's face broke into a smile, as she imagined the soothing waves around her feet, the hot sun on her body as she snoozed in the sand. Perfect! 

 *** 

 Less than an hour later, the cheerleader was getting out of her car, the sounds of crashing waves and people shouting already clear in her ears. It had taken a full ten minutes to convince her mother that it was okay for her to go out, that what she really needed was to get out of the house instead of stay cooped up in it. As soon as she stepped out of the car, she knew it was the right decisions. She stretched her petite body in the sunlight, scrunching her toes in her flip-flops. Her plump, 32C breasts bulged out of her cotton sundress, thin and nearly sheer in the sunlight. The sea wind pressed the fabric against her, outlining her slender, dainty frame and her perky chest. The hem of the dress was fluttering around her knees, the shape of her smooth thighs visible through the cotton. Trisha smiled as the cool breeze washed over her, and headed towards the beach. 

 Barely seconds after her feet touched the sand, the cheerleader reached down and peeled the dress off her body, revealing the light blue string bikini beneath. The cups of the triangle top were just wide enough to cover Trisha's tits, two perky mounds spilling out of the thin fabric, bouncing slightly as she walked in the sand, straining against the flimsy suit. The top connected around her neck and her back, two thin strings tied in single bows, dangling down and tickling the small of Trisha's bare, slender back. The petite cheerleader's chest was accentuated by her slim waist, curving in and then back out into a pair of round hips and a firm ass. They were covered only by Trisha's bikini bottom, two triangles of thin cloth, barely six inches wide and stretching only to the middle of her hips, connected by another flimsy string tied in a bow. Trisha could feel the ties swaying against her thighs as she headed towards the water. 

 "Hey. Didn't you read the sign? You can't go in the water without adult supervision." 

 Trisha stopped and turned to look, shielding her eyes from the sun with her hand. The voice had come from the lifeguard's station, standing near the edge of the beach. A tall, shirtless guy was leaning against the railing, his chest firm and muscular, a gorgeous dark tan; looking like an ideal lifeguard. He had short, curly blonde hair and was wearing a pair of dark sunglasses. 

 "Huh?" The cheerleader gave him a confused look. 

 "I'm just kidding around. But seriously, how old are you? Seventeen?" 

 Trisha stuck her tongue out at him. "I'm eighteen, thank you very much. And I'll be nineteen in a few months." 

 "Yeah?" The lifeguard hopped easily over the railing, landing in the soft sand as he walked to her. "You're coming to the beach all by yourself? Shouldn't you be at home doing homework or something?" 

 Trisha shrugged. "I didn't feel like it." 

 "Good." The lifeguard nodded. "School isn't worth it. Teachers are just there to punish you." 

 Trisha giggled. Yep…in more ways than one."I think so, too." 

 "I'm Dan." The lifeguard extended a hand, and Trisha shook it. His hands were huge…probably twice the size of hers. The cheerleader smiled up at him. His eyes were hidden behind his sunglasses, but he was looking down at her with a grin, and she wondered if he was checking her out. For some reason, her body thrilled at the thought of it, filling her with a strange excitement. I really hope he is…I hope he likes what he sees… 

 "Trisha." 

 "Have fun on the beach, Trisha. Come back if you need someone to supervise you." 

 Trisha laughed again. "Thanks. You still think I need it, huh?" 

 The lifeguard shrugged. "You might." 

 The cheerleader flashed him a sweet smile. "Only if I do something naughty. And I don't plan on doing anything naughty today. At least, not yet." She turned and kept walking towards the beach, the ties of her string bikini swinging in rhythm with her hips, and she grinned. Well…if he wasn't checking me out before, he definitely is now! 

 *** 

 She found an empty patch of sand and spread her towel out across it, pulling out her magazine. Then she lay face down, stretching her little body across the sand, pulling out her sunglasses. Her perky tits were now pressed against the sand, her round ass curvy against the rest of her slender frame and legs. As soon as she was settled, Trisha reached behind her, fingering the bows around her neck and chest. Two light pulls, and her bikini top came undone, and the cheerleader swept the strings off her back to prevent tan lines. She opened the magazine and started to read, but barely a few minutes later, a Frisbee sailed across the sand, landing only a few inches in front of her. 

 "Sorry about that, I'll just…oh. Hey, Trisha." 

 The cheerleader looked up. It was Brad, the varsity quarterback. 

 "Hiya, Brad." Trisha rolled halfway over to face him, raising herself on her elbow, holding one hand to her chest to keep the untied bikini top across her tits. Even so, she could feel the fabric of her top falling against her arm, revealing an even more generous view of her perky chest, plumped and bulging against her lone, little hand,. The loose strings dangled across her slim, bare waist. She barely suppressed a giggle as the quarterback's eyes immediately swept over her petite body, taking in the sight of her frame, clad in only a few inches of fabric and a handful of strings. The cheerleader still remembered how much she had enjoyed blowing him in the boys' locker room, the taste of his cum on her lips…and it was clear from the way he was staring at her that he hadn't forgotten either. 

 "Um…funny seeing you here. How are you?" Brad bent down to pick up the Frisbee. This time, Trisha couldn't hold in her giggle as she watched his gaze stay fixed on her, his head steady as the rest of his body bent forward. Brad ran a hand through his hair, looking nervous. "You know, uh…we need another Frisbee player. You want to play?" 

 "Really?" Trisha tuned all the way over, lying flat on her back. She removed her hand, using it to shield her eyes instead. Now her untied bikini top was resting on top of her tits, completely unsecured, ready to fly away in a single strong breeze. Brad's eyes were fixed on her slender body, and Trisha watched as he attempted to subtly adjust his swimsuit. It didn't work; she could see the bulge of his erection, slowly growing as he took in the sight of the petite cheerleader. 

 "Brad? Brad, what are you doing?" A blonde-haired girl came walking up behind the quarterback. It was Amanda, another member of the cheerleading squad. "Oh…hi, Trisha." 

 "Hey, Amanda," Trisha said, smiling. Amanda glanced at Brad, still staring at Trisha's barely-covered tits, then offered a half-smile at Trisha before very purposefully sliding an arm around Brad's. 

 "Let's get back, okay, honey?" 

 "Yeah, yeah, sure. See you, Trisha." Brad was now actively adjusting his swimsuit, but from her vantage point, Trisha could see that he had a full hard- on. She grinned and waved as they walked away. He's probably imagining my lips wrapped around his cock, pushing his shaft down my throat, halfway to my stomach…imagining me swallowing his cum once more. Too bad he's going out with Amanda. Unless she wants to join in… 

 The cheerleader shuddered then, and she felt a familiar, eager sensation in her pussy. Her lips parted slightly, as if Brad's meat was there right then for her to gulp down, and she felt a heat in her body, rising slightly. Just the thought of Brad's cock in her mouth was turning her on, and she was ready to jump up and follow them, to take up Brad's offer to join their game just for a chance to seduce him. But then, suddenly, she realized what she was thinking. I can't do that! Amanda's a fellow cheerleader!She shook her head. This is exactly what I was worrying about…my body just gets carried away!She couldn't deny it…her pussy was tingling with the thought of sucking the quarterback's dick. I'm…I'm just oversexed. That must be it. Ugh…why is this happening?? 

 Frustrated, the cheerleader hastily retied her bikini top, pulled off her sunglasses, then grabbed her towel and her magazine, and began walking once more. She didn't know what she was doing or where she was going; she was just annoyed, so she headed towards the parking lot. 

 "Leaving already?" It was Dan again, leaning against the lifeguard's station, smiling at her. 

 Trisha nodded, raising a hand to shade her eyes as she stared at him. His chest was so hard and chiseled…he looked like he was straight out of a Baywatch episode. "Yeah. I guess so." 

 "You okay?" Dan was walking towards her, and as soon as he reached her, he rested a hand on her shoulder, bending down to examine her face more closely. "You look kinda troubled." 

 The cheerleader was surprised to find that she had to suppress a shudder of pleasure. Trisha's pussy was hot again, her body responding to Dan's touch. Without even thinking, the cheerleader's eyes flicked up and down Dan's body, taking in his impressive physique, his face. She found herself suddenly wondering what his cock looked like, how thick it was. Trisha started as she realized that she had been staring straight at his crotch, and quickly looked away. 

 "Um…" Distracted, the cheerleader nodded. "Yeah, I guess you're right." 

 "You know what helps me when I've got some trouble?" The lifeguard continued. "A nice, long, hot shower. There's some public showers down by the snack stand. I'll show you them, if you want." He took a step closer then, so that he was just inches away from her, her tits nearly pressed against his six-pack stomach. 

 The closeness of his body to hers sent a strange twinge through Trisha's body…a twinge of…something. Excitement? Nervousness? She couldn't tell. It's probably just that I'm kinda turned on…but it feels like something else than that.Was he was inviting her to the public bathroom for more than just a shower? Excitement flickered through her at the thought, and she glanced down at his swimsuit, and thought that she could see a faint bulge there, but he was much better at concealing it than Brad. Can he tell that I'm turned on? Am I that transparent? 

 "Um…" Trisha shifted her weight, confused, unsure. 

 "Come on. It'll help you, I guarantee it." Dan took her hand, and immediately began walking towards the large building near the edge of the parking lot, the cheerleader in tow. He wasn't pulling or dragging her or anything like that, because Trisha was walking along with him. But for some reason, it felt to her like this wasn't exactly her choice either; that Dan had made the decision for the both of them that they were going to the showers, and now the only thing she could do was follow him. 

 "So…what's going on?" Dan had let go of her hand, and they were now walking side by side on the sand. "Let me guess. Guy trouble?" 

 Trisha shrugged. "Umm…kind of." 

 Dan nodded, and laughed; a low, mysterious tone. "Not surprising, with a pretty girl like you. Here we are." Dan stopped in front of the building. It was surprisingly large, and had three entrances; a men's locker room on the left, a women's on the right, and a third in the center. 

 "That's the lifeguard's locker room," Dan said, noticing that Trisha was staring curiously at it. "Want to see? It's pretty nice." 

 He started forward, and once again, Trisha followed, with the feeling that she didn't have a choice in the matter. The lifeguard swung open the door, gesturing her in first. Dan was right. The locker room was nice; at least, much nicer than the one the cheerleaders used at school. The floors were clean, and the rows of lockers looked fairly new; no broken locks or door hinges. Piles of clean towels were stacked in shelves on one side, and further behind, Trisha could see two rows of shower stalls, lining both walls. She wandered over towards them, exploring. The sound of spraying water echoed through the bathroom; a couple of the stalls were occupied. 

 "You're not allowed in here, you know. Better be quiet, or you'll get caught." 

 Trisha giggled, and nodded, still wandering past the shower stalls. 

 "Does this count as your naughty thing for the day?" 

 The cheerleader stopped, and turned around. The word naughtyrang through her mind, like a command, summoning her to attention. She took in Dan's body once more; tall and chiseled, shirtless, a dark tan from working out in the sun. He was standing near the edge of the rows of showers, watching her. The cheerleader felt the familiar tinge again in her pussy; that carnal desire that first came with Brad. Dan's not dating any of my fellow cheerleaders… 

 "Maybe." She whispered back, and smiled before wandering into one of the open stalls, examining the inside. A moment later, she felt Dan behind her, barely a foot between them. He wasn't touching her, but she could feel the heat of his body, could feel the fact that his cock was only inches away from her butt. When she didn't move away, the lifeguard reached forward, wrapping both arms around the cheerleader's tiny waist, easily encircling her. Trisha said nothing, but she sank back into him, and her hands went to his thighs, gripping lightly, silently urging him closer. I was right…Dan had suggested the trip to the public bathroom for much more than just a shower. He could tell…he could tell that I was turned on…how did he know?It didn't even matter; her pussy was growing wetter by the second. 

 "I guess it needs to be a little more naughty to count, doesn't it?" 

 Trisha turned around in his arms, her body against his, her perky tits now pressed against his chest, and she felt his hands sneaking down her slender back, towards the hem of her tiny bikini bottom. "Yep…more than a little." The words came out of her mouth before she had even thought about it; it was her lust talking, instead of her mind. 

 Dan grinned down at her. "Okay, then. Pick a stall." He gestured with one hand around him. The cheerleader's face burst into a wicked grin as she realized what he wanted to do. She slipped out of his arms, back into the center of the room, examining her choices. The stalls were tiny and cramped, probably barely able to fit two people inside. They weren't divided by solid walls, either, but only the thin dividers that were in most public bathrooms, attached by hinges with cracks in between. Two of the stalls were occupied right now, on the other side of the room, and there was one in between them. A mischievous twinge of excitement ran through the cheerleader, and she quickly walked towards the empty stall in between the two occupied ones. 

 Dan gave a knowing smile as he followed her. "I figured." The cheerleader grinned at him as she walked in, staring at the cramped, blank walls. Barely an hour ago, Trisha had been stuck in her room, worrying and fretting, wondering out loud why Britney wasn't answering her cell phone. Now, all of that anxiety seemed miles away; the excitement of being in a public shower stall, with a strange, enticing lifeguard like Dan distracted her completely. 

 She shuddered with anticipation as Dan shut the shower stall's door behind her. A second later, he had pressed her up against it, his tan body hard against her little frame, his fingers on her chin, tipping her mouth upwards to meet his. Trisha could hear the spray and splashing of water in the two occupied stalls on either side of them, and then out of nowhere, one of their neighbors began to sing. Even as she was still kissing the lifeguard, Trisha couldn't help giggling with eagerness. They're going to be right next to us while we fuck! If it weren't for this stall, they could literally reach out and touch us! 

 That nasty thought, the dirty fun in having sex in a public shower, while two strangers were standing only feet away, it was too much for the cheerleader. She broke the kiss and quickly sank to her knees, feeling the wet, hard tiles on her legs as she reached up for Dan's swimsuit. She flashed him an admiring smile as her fingers teasingly glided over a massive bulge, pressing up against the fabric. But just as she was about to pull them down, Dan stopped her. His hands grabbed hers, holding them still. Trisha looked up at him, her eyes brimming with lust, her face confused. 

 "Not yet." Dan shook his head, grinning down at her. 

 "Huh?" Trisha raised an eyebrow, looking both confused and disappointed. "Why not?" 

 Dan laughed. "Come on, you have to work for it." He was teasing her, but still, Trisha couldn't help feeling surprised. Usually, by the time she got to this point, the guy was practically begging for her to gulp his dick into her mouth. They were never able to resist Trisha's charm; they were always hypnotized by it, their lust for her petite body controlling their every move. She was usually the one teasing them…not the other way around. And no one's ever stopped me from taking off their pants before!She played along with the lifeguard, giving him one of her best pouts in response, but a strange feeling came over her, completely new. This guy's different. He's so cool-headed…he probably would even be able to resist Britney! Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 11 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "So…" She said, still on her knees, stroking his erection through his shorts and pouting up at him. "How do I prove myself worthy?" 

 Dan didn't answer. Instead, he reached down, grabbed the petite cheerleader around the waist, and easily picked her up. She squealed in surprise as he turned around with her in tow. Then, he pushed her up against the wall, directly under the shower head, prompting another loud squeal, and then a giggle. I hope no one heard that! 

 Still without a word, Dan reached above her and switched on the shower. Trisha gasped as she felt hot water burst across her body, cascading down her slender shoulders and her perky tits, running down her smooth legs. She reached a hand up to wipe the water from her eyes and saw Dan looking down at her, also soaked, the water running down his tan chest in streams. She felt his hands on her body, running across her tits and her back, sliding down her dainty frame. The cheerleader closed her eyes, and stretched against the wall, letting him caress her skin, filling her with an eager lust. Oooh God…what does he want? …Why won't he just let me fuck him? 

 She got her answer a second later. Dan had sank to his knees in front of her, the shower still streaming down both of them, and his hands were now sliding up and down her thighs, catching the water as it streamed down, so slight that the cheerleader squirmed slightly in his hands. Trisha's eyes popped open as she felt his fingers on the insides of her thighs, slowly running up, inching closer to the soaked, tiny triangle of her bikini bottom. Then he was barely a fingernail's length from her pussy, brushing against the fabric of her suit, teasing her with the faintest of touches. Oh…oh my God… 

 A whimper escaped from the cheerleader's lips. "Ohhh…" 

 Dan chuckled softly, his hands still wrapped around Trisha's trembling thighs, watching the cheerleader, pressed up against the wall, squirming in her lust as the water showered down onto her. His fingers were so achingly close to her twat, and without even thinking, Trisha scooted slightly down on the wall, hoping to press her eager cunt against his hand. Dan smiled and did even better, raising his hands up to cup her soaked pussy through her bikini's fabric, pressing tenderly against her tender flesh. The cheerleader jolted in pleasure as he did it, her petite body shuddering against the wall. 

 "Yess…yes," she whispered, closing her eyes once more. She could feel his fingers against her twat through the cloth of her suit, pressing into her pussy lips, sending delicious twinges of pleasure through her hips and her squirming legs. Slowly, Dan began to rub his hand up and down against her cunt, kneading into the fabric, massaging her twat through the bikini. As his fingers rubbed up and down, Trisha began to slide up and down too in her eagerness, lost in the feeling of his hand working her pussy. For some reason, Dan's touch had a power over her. The way he had so curtly refused to give her access to his cock…somehow, it made her want it even more, and her body wildly lusted for his. 

 She felt him standing up, one hand still tight on her pussy, massaging it up and down, making her quiver with pleasure as she pressed herself against the wall. Her eyes still closed, she felt him towering over her, his head next to hers, watching as she whimpered and rocked against his fingers. 

 She heard Dan, only inches from her ear. "Tell me what you want next." At that moment, the lifeguard's hand pressed extra hard against her twat, burying in the fabric, with so much force that Trisha's hips were jammed against the wall. The cheerleader's entire body jolted in response, and she let out an uncontrolled moan. Oh…oh God…I have to be quiet or the other people will hear!Her lust was flooding through her body, overwhelming her. 

 "Your cock…" she whimpered, letting her pleasure overtake her. "I want it..oh God…I want you inside me …" 

 "Not yet." Dan said again, in the same low, commanding tone. 

 "Yes…please…I want your cock…please…" Trisha was rocking against his hand now, back and forth, her hips gently pumping her soaked twat into his fingers. God…why won't he let me fuck him?? 

 Dan's voice was firm as he spoke only one word. "No." 

 Trisha shuddered with frustration, still whimpering, trying as hard as she could to keep her neighbors in the next stalls from hearing her. She could hear the water splashing on them, their feet scuffing the tiles, barely an arm's length away and separated only by the stall's thin wall. Out of her mind with lust, the thought of it thrilled her; the chance to get fucked in a cramped public shower stall, in between two other occupied ones; the excitement of keeping quiet for as long as possible, even as Dan's fingers slid across the fabric of her suit, grinding into her pussy with delicious, tender strokes. 

 Even as she pressed her little body against the wall, squirming against his hand on her twat, she reached out for his hips, hoping to find his cock, to defy his refusal and have her way with his meat. But at that moment, he slid back down, back on his knees, his fingers still firm against the soaked crotch of her bikini bottom. At that second, Trisha couldn't think of anything she hated more than that bikini bottom; she wanted to rip it off her body, the way it was preventing Dan's fingers from sinking deeper into her swollen, dripping twat. Her hands went to her gently rocking hips, fingering the tied strings, ready to yank them down her soaked legs. Dan smiled, and instead he did it for her, grasping the flimsy ties on each of Trisha's legs and slowly sliding them down her smooth skin. As he did it, Trisha reached up behind her and felt for the ends of the two bows, around her neck and her chest, that dangled down her back. With a single motion, she pulled, and her triangle top fluttered to the floor, revealing her perky, round tits, the water streaming over the soft mounds and her stiff nipples. 

 Trisha's eyes were still closed, her head titled up to let the water pour down her face and through her long brown hair, down her slender body. Naked and wild with lust, the petite cheerleader pressed herself against the wall and gently spread her legs for Dan, opening her bare, red pussy for him, desperately, silently begging for his fingers to return once more. Please! Please!Trisha could barely contain herself; something about this lifeguard was driving her body crazy with anticipation, and she shuddered under the hot stream of water as her hips danced slightly forward. 

 She felt his hands snaking up her bare chest, meeting the water that ran down her slim waist, and then they were on her bare tits, gently squeezing and groping them, the soft palm of his hand grinding against her swollen nipples. Trisha felt his warm breath against her pussy, and then a second later, his mouth was there, wrapping around her desperate twat; his tongue, warm and wet and soft, gliding across her swollen pussy lips. 

 "Ohhhhhh….." The moan burst out of the petite cheerleader as her entire body jerked and pushed against him. His tongue was unbelievable, pressing against her thrilled cunt, sliding and kneading into the soft folds. The pleasure was so powerful, it was nearly overwhelming her. This…this is incredible…he's so amazing!Another moan escaped her lips, wild and desperate. Trisha's chest was thrust forward for Dan to grope and massage, her slender waist trembling, her butt against the wall and her legs spread for him, her hands pressed on the wall to steady herself as she gently grinded down onto his lips. His tongue was skimming up and down her bulging pussy now, pressing so perfectly into her skin, rubbing against every fold and firing electric jolts of pleasure through her body. 

 "Ohhh…oh my God…ohhhh my God…" Trisha moaned again and again, feeling only the hot water streaming down her naked, dainty body, Dan's large, strong hands on her tits, kneading into her nipples, his mouth buried in between her quivering thighs. And that tongue, dipping into her twat, gently fucking her, gliding and skating across the dripping, flushed lips of her eager pussy. His lips slid slightly upward, and his tongue reached the nub of her clit, sliding tenderly, tantalizingly over it, and the cheerleader's eyes popped open as she felt him grind gently into it, driving a wave of pleasure coursing through her overwhelmed body. It was all she could do to rest against the wall, gripping it for dear life as the rest of her trembled and rocked against Dan, her hips dancing and rolling as she pressed herself forward. 

 "Dan…ahh…you're so…oh God…" Trisha could barely form words. The cheerleader's hands went to the back of Dan's head, tangling in his short curly hair, pressing him even deeper between her thighs, whimpering and squirming and rocking as he lapped at her clit and her twat. She was completely lost to her lust; her body was his, in his control, wanting nothing but for him to stay buried between her legs, his mouth wrapped around her twat as she squealed. 

 Then, without warning, Dan's mouth slid off her twat and he stood up. Still moaning and trembling, Trisha looked up at him in desperation, wanting more. His eyes had changed, and Trisha suddenly saw a fierce, dangerous hunger in him, almost frightening, a lust for her so strong that she knew she wouldn't be able to stop him even if she wanted to. He didn't say anything, only stared down at her, but Trisha already knew what he wanted. Her legs still spread, she smiled eagerly up at him, and in the same instant her hands were at his suit, yanking them to his ankles. His dick popped out, thick and hard and ready, pulsing with lust after watching a petite, teenage cheerleader squirm and whimper . Trisha's eyes were feasting on the sight of it, hypnotized by the thought of it, her pussy still throbbing with lust as her body ached to be filled. 

 "Dan…" she whimpered. 

 She didn't have time to say anything else. Faster than Trisha could fathom, Dan had wrapped his hands under and around the backs of her bare thighs, and a second later he had picked the dainty cheerleader up, cradling her in his arms as she leaned back against the wall. She squealed in surprise and wrapped her legs around his waist, suspended in the air, helpless in his arms. The lifeguard's erect cock was now just inches below Trisha's hips, her body held up by him, sandwiched and hanging in the air between his body and the wall. Only a few feet to each side of her, two other lifeguards were washing themselves, unaware that of the naked teenager pressed against the wall between them. Trisha turned her head to one side and realized that she could see the blur of one of them moving in the crack between the stall's divider and the wall. Her mind whirled with excitement as she watched the blurred motion. They don't even know! Dan just ate out my pussy and they don't even know! 

 She was still watching and thinking about it when Dan eased forward, driving his hips upward, and at that moment Trisha let out a wild squeal as all thoughts disappeared from her mind. Dan's massive shaft sank into Trisha's soaked pussy, easing into her as he gently lowered her hips, in his arms, to meet his own. The cheerleader's tight, eager twat engulfed his cock like a soft sheath, wrapping around it as he gently bucked forward into her. 

 "YES!" Trisha's entire body met Dan's, hugging his waist tighter with her slender legs, pressing against the wall, raising herself in his arms as she felt his shaft push deep inside of her. The cheerleader's cry of pleasure was too loud, but it was unbidden and uncontrolled, and she repeated it again as Dan began to thrust in and out of her swollen cunt. 

 "YES! Ohhh…God…YES!" Pinned against the wall, suspended in the air, Trisha began to rock herself against the lifeguard's hips, thrusting her ass down and into his cock, and the motion buried the full length of Dan's dick deep into her soaking twat. Dan groaned out loud, for the first time, as he felt the cheerleader's canal wrap tightly around the base of his meat, and Trisha responded with a moan of her own, loud and desperate. That sound from Dan was music to her ears, hearing him enjoying her body, approving of her tight twat, feeling his cock plunge deep into her cunt. 

 "YES!!!" Trisha wrapped her arms around his neck and began to buck herself against him, her hips rolling and bouncing in his arms, plowing herself down on his cock, feeling it slide in and out of her. Dan was hoisting her petite body up and down with his arms, panting with effort, thrusting at the same time, so that the entire weight of Trisha's body plunged down onto his meat just as he was stabbing into her. The cheerleader's wails were too loud, and both of them knew it; the people in the other stalls had to have heard. But Trisha was too lost in the feeling of Dan's pumping cock to even remember them. 

 "YES! OHHH YES!!" The cheerleader's hair was soaked with water and plastered against her shoulders and her face as she bounced on Dan's rod. Her legs and her arms were wrapped around him, her body pressed against the wall, his hands tight on her ass cheeks as he pumped her up and down on his shaft. Dan was sweaty and panting, his throbbing rod plunging into her, the full weight of Trisha's body bucking, rocking, bouncing in his arms and thrusting down to engulf his shaft even more. His balls slapped against the cheerleader's twat with each pound. 

 Sandwiched in between the wall and his grinding body, with hot shower water pouring down them both, Trisha pressed her cheek against the cool tiles. As she squealed and shouted, she opened her eyes and saw, to her shock, another eye in the crack between the stall and the wall. It was the person in the next stall! He had finally heard her, and now he was peeking through, watching them. 

 Oh my God!Trisha's body was ramming down on Dan's thick rod, her tits jiggling up and down, her twat filled and stretched by his girth, radiating with lust and pleasure. Now, she realized that she was staring straight at a complete stranger, watching her fuck. He had to know that she had seen him, but he was still there, saying nothing, peering through the crack. Ohhh…I must look like such a nasty slut!Trisha imagined what the stranger was seeing; a naked teenage girl, barely five feet tall, petite and innocent-looking, pushed up against the wall and dangling in the air, her legs and arms wrapped around Dan as he jammed and pumped his meat deep into her swollen pussy. The hot shower water sprayed down on them as they bucked, splashing onto the tile floor next to the cheerleader's discarded bikini. And even though she knew someone was watching, she was still rolling and thrusting herself against Dan's cock, still shouting and moaning in pleasure as she felt his cock stuff her full. Trisha turned her head to peer through the crack of the opposite wall. Sure enough, there was another pair of eyes; the other lifeguard had heard too, and was peeping, trying to watch. They both know I can see them…they know that I'm still letting Dan plow into me even though they're watching…and they're still watching too, even though they saw me catch them! 

 "Ohhh…YES!" For some reason, the thought drove Trisha wild with lust. The cheerleader was pressed up against the wall of a public bathroom, her little body helpless in Dan's arms, rocking up and down with the force of his shaft pumping into her twat. And she was surrounded on both sides by two secret watchers, staring at her petite frame as it was pounded and violated by the lifeguard's meat. They were naked too, Trisha realized, and she imagined the moment that they had first heard her whimpers and wails. They must have peeked through the stall because they were confused…and then seen me, pressed up against the wall as Dan plunged into me.The cheerleader imagined their limp dicks growing harder as they suddenly realized they were watching a teenage girl fuck a lifeguard in the stall next to them. Maybe they're even jacking off now...at the sight of me thrusting myself onto Dan's cock. Maybe they're masturbating while they imagine what it would be like to be Dan, plowing into me, stretching me open with that big cock…that big, thick, pumping cock… 

 "Ohhh…ohhhh…ohhh!!!" Trisha's lust was rising, her body thrashing between the wall and Dan's sweaty body, pumping her cunt on his dick with all her might, the full weight of her petite frame thrown into jamming his meat deep, so deep inside of her. Her dangling body flopped up and down against the wall as she thrust, her twat swollen and full, her body flushing and quivering with pleasure. The cheerleader arched her back and dug her nails into Dan's neck as she let out a wild scream of pleasure. 

 "YESS!! DAN!!! OH GOD!!!" Trisha's body was a blur against the wall now, out of control, thrashing and flailing as she lost herself to her desire, desperate to pump herself deeper and deeper on Dan's cock, to let him fill her completely, and her lust was so strong that the lifeguard had to brace himself just to hold up the wild, bucking cheerleader. All Trisha could think about was how dirty the scene was, how nasty and naughty… Dan's plowing into me so hard…holding me up and pinning me so he can pound me even harder…and two other strangers are jacking off as they watch me! Three hard cocks, just for me…yess!!Trisha let out another wild scream of lust, as Dan kept plunging into her, so deep and so hard, filling every inch of her twat, giving her exactly what she needed, and in the nastiest way possible. So nasty, so filthy…so slutty!! 

 "YESSSS!!!" Trisha's toes curled and her legs kicked furiously in the air as a powerful shudder of pleasure ripped through her petite body. The cheerleader grabbed Dan around the neck and lifted herself off the wall, wrapping herself around him, flopping and writhing in the air as her orgasm powered through her. Waves of pleasure sailed through her, sparking in her swollen pussy like electric bolts, then bursting through the rest of her trembling body. The cheerleader was helpless in Dan's arms, her body beyond her control, unable to do anything but cling to him for dear life. She was on fire, her twat hot and tingling, pulsing around Dan's meat, soothed by the hot water streaming down her. Trisha's eyes were wide and her mouth open, her nails deep in Dan's skin; this orgasm was like nothing she had ever experienced, and all she could do was tremble against him, writhing and screaming in the throes. 

 "YES!!! OHHH G-GOD….F-FUCK!!! YESSS!!!" 

 "URGH!" Dan grunted out loud, and he swayed forward, slamming Trisha's trembling body back against the wall, his arms tight around her ass cheeks, his dick buried in her convulsing cunt and his balls tight against her. Trisha gasped in shock as she felt his dick grow and throb; and then he was spurting his cum in her, spasming through his shaft, flooding into her soaked, thrilled canal, filling her with his seed even as she was still shuddering within her own climax. She could feel every throb and pump, snug and deep inside her twat, and the cheerleader wrapped her legs as tight around his waist as she could, drawing him in even further, taking all of him, letting him unload his sperm deep inside of her. She was still lost in the fiery pleasure of her own orgasm, and her body flushed and quivered with the feeling of accepting his cum. 

 "Ohhhhhh…" This isn't like anything I've ever felt!It was like he was filling her entire body with his cum, every inch of it, and his spunk was flowing through her along with her climax, riding the waves of pleasure that savaged her, sending fierce, electric jolts that left her both thrilled and exhausted. She sagged against him, unable to even move. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 11 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Wow…" she whispered, into Dan's ear. That was…unbelievable!Dan laughed, deep and loud. 

 "I think you've proved you're worthy," he whispered back, and slowly bent forward until he was resting the petite cheerleader on the floor, letting her lean against the wall. "Hope we meet again, Trisha." He picked up his swimsuit and pulled them on. Then, he reached up above the exhausted cheerleader, and switched off the shower. Without another word, he unlocked the stall door and walked out, leaving the panting girl sitting by herself against the wall. 

 Trisha relaxed against the wall in her exhaustion, still recovering from her orgasm. The crack of her swollen pussy was wet and hot…Dan's cum was dribbling out of it. She knew without looking. Usually sex gave the cheerleader more energy, but this time…this time the pleasure was almost too much. Her mind was frazzled; she could barely even think about anything except the incredible feeling of Dan's cock plunging into her; of the sensation of his cum spilling out, filling her with his seed. Her climax had paralyzed her body and turned her brains to mush. Ha ha…I guess he literally fucked my brains out!Trisha giggled softly. 

 The panting cheerleader sagged against the wall, feeling the hot, wet tiles against her naked ass and back, the water dripping off her thrilled, trembling body. She relaxed there, leaning her head back, recovering from Dan's assault on her twat and her mind-blowing orgasm. But then, she suddenly remembered her neighbors, and turned to see if they were still there. They were, and as Trisha sat against the wall, peering through the crack, she saw a blur of motion right around the level of her eyes. It was flesh colored…it looked like a hand and a hard cock. I was right…they were jacking off to me!Without even thinking, without even considering it in her exhausted, over-sexed brain, the cheerleader raised a hand, visible through the crack, and beckoned each of them over in turn, with one finger. Still panting, still collapsed on the floor, she watched as the eyes widened for a moment, then disappeared. 

 A moment later, two naked boys appeared in front of the open stall; two scrawny, pimply teenagers, much more inexperienced than Trisha, and probably the same age as her. I didn't know lifeguards could be as young as me…Their cocks were hard, their eyes wide and their mouths left open. The sight was incredible; a petite cheerleader, naked and wet, sprawled across the floor of the public bathroom, her body flushed and exhausted by a wild fuck, her pussy swollen, her face red from the effort. A few minutes ago, they had been peeping through the stalls, watching this cute cheerleader screaming and writhing against the wall, cumming on some stranger's cock; one of the most arousing sights they had even seen. Now, after letting them watch even after she caught them, she had just invited them over to get a full view of her naked, gorgeous body. They both thought they were dreaming. 

 As soon as they appeared, Trisha's eyes had zoomed their hard dicks, but she wasn't even thinking about them. It was hard to even think about anything. Wow…Dan was amazing.That was the only thought she could muster; the incredible pleasure of her orgasm, of feeling her little body pressed against the wall, scream after scream thrust out of her just as the lifeguard's cum pumped in. Still speechless, the boys kept walking forward, feasting on the sight of the naked cheerleader. Seated on the floor, Trisha was eye-level with their waists, and now their rock-hard cocks were on either side of her, as they stared down, taking in her petite frame, her perky tits and her red, dripping cunt. Again, without even thinking, without saying a word, the cheerleader raised both her hands and wrapped them around each of their cocks. It was instinct, she realized; it was as if Dan's cock had pumped so much lust into her that now all she could think about was sex. 

 The two boys gasped together as the cheerleader's soft fingers slipped over their shafts, gently rubbing up and down, tender and gentle as she jacked them both off in rhythm. Trisha could see pre-cum already oozing out, their cocks bobbing up and down as each of her hands slid up and down their lengths. The cheerleader straightened slightly as she worked, her back flat against the wall, and watched as both of the boys' eyes immediately flocked to her tits, perky and ample against her slender waist. They were like saucers, admiring the firm, round mounds, as if hypnotized by the sight of the petite girl's chest. 

 Wow…they look really amazed. I wonder if they've even seen a pair of tits before…Trisha laughed to herself at the thought. Oh…what the hell! They helped me to cum, didn't they? Seeing them watching me was such a turn-on…the least I can do is return the favor. 

 The cheerleader thrust her chest forward with a wink. "Go ahead," she offered, her first words to them. "They won't bite." 

 The two boys gasped as they leaned down, their hands running over the cheerleader's perky, soft tits, gently squeezing them, flicking the nipple, gliding over her smooth, wet skin. As they fondled and groped her chest, Trisha knew from the looks on their faces that they wouldn't last long. She tightened her grip on their cocks, soft but firm, and began to slide up and down right around the tip, gliding over the frenulum, watching their rock hard shafts jolt in her fingers. 

 Barely seconds later, she got her reward. The one on her left came first, a powerful, strong spurt of white jism that shot over her head and splattered through her hair. More cum followed; short, thick ropes that dribbled down Trisha's nose and cheeks, dripping off her face and landing on her slender thighs. The sight of the petite cheerleader being showered in cum was too much for the other one, and he came too, his first stream impacting on Trisha's tits, a long stream that stretched across her chest, dribbling down around her nipples. More of his spunk splattered across her thighs, in white streaks across the cheerleader's body. The two of them gasped and grunted as they shot their cum onto the cheerleader, coating her face, her tits and her legs with the warm liquid. Trisha kept jacking them off, grinning up at them as they sprayed onto her, feeling the spunk throb through their cocks, pulsing out and all over her flushed body. 

 Slowly, the two of them caught their breath, cum still dribbling out of their half-hard cocks, running down Trisha's fingers. She wiped them off with her thumb, catching the last few precious drips, then lifted her hands to her mouth and licked the salty jism up, like a thirsty cat, lapping up every bit of their spunk before swallowing both their loads together with loud gulps. Trisha then smiled up at them, her face covered in streams of spunk, her tits and her legs coated, and Dan's still dribbling out of her pussy. 

 "Did you enjoy the show?" 

 One of them couldn't even speak, still apparently in shock at the sight of her. The other one barely managed to string a couple words together. "Uh…y-yeah…" 

 "Good." Trisha laughed at their responses, then reached out her hands. "Help me up, please." 

 They obeyed, pulling her up, watching the gorgeous cheerleader stand, her slender legs stretching out, her round tits bobbing. 

 Trisha slowly straightened, her legs wobbling, and bent to pick up her discarded bikini from the floor. Even standing, the petite cheerleader was much shorter than both of them, and she looked up to flash them a smile. 

 "Thank you. Now, if you boys will excuse me, I have to get dressed." 

 The two of them didn't say anything, but only stared. Trisha was still coated in their spunk, a long stream in her hair, more dribbling down her cheeks and her nose and splattered across her dainty, slender body. But she was acting like it was perfectly normal, acting like she wasn't standing in front of them completely naked, like they hadn't just watched her orgasm on Dan's dick. After all that, she was shooing them out of her stall so she could dress privately. 

 Trisha grinned to herself as they obeyed, listening to them walk away, still silent. The pleasure of Dan's fucking was still ringing through her, and she found that it was impossible to think or feel anything else. Geez…I should still be traumatized or something…I should be freaked out like Mandy is, but…I just can't.She ran a hand across her body, feeling the stickiness of their cum on her fingertips, remembering the feeling of Dan's harsh, firm grip around her thighs as he held her up and pinned her to the wall. I just…can't remember why I was so worried earlier. 

 The cheerleader bent over to begin re-tying the bikini bottom around her slim hips. All in all…I guess it was a pretty good day! 

 *** 

 It was late that night, when Trisha's cell phone finally rang. The cheerleader was back in her bedroom, reading for English, barely able to concentrate, still thinking about Dan's cock. 

 "Hey, Trisha. It's me." It was Britney. 

 "Oh, hey Britney!" Trisha perked up at the sound of her friend's voice. 

 "Sorry hun, I lost my cell phone for a bit. My room's a fucking mess. Anyway, you left me a bunch of messages. What's up?" 

 "Oh…" Trisha paused. The cheerleader considered whether or not she wanted to ask Britney for help. "It's…oh, forget it Britney. It's nothing." 

 "You sure? You sounded pretty worried." 

 "Well…I mean, yeah, there was some stuff I wanted to talk to you about." Trisha shrugged. "But I went to the beach today, and had a great time, and now I…well, you know, I feel a lot better." 

 The head cheerleader's laugh rang through the telephone. "Sounds to me like someone got laid." 

 Trisha giggled. "Well…" 

 Britney laughed again. "Wow…he was that good, huh? Give him my number, hun. Unless you want to keep him all to yourself." 

 "Yeah…I might hog this guy, Brit. He was this lifeguard…just pushed me up against the wall and pounded my brains out…God, it was incredible." Trisha grinned as she thought about it. 

 But then, there was a long pause in the telephone. That wasn't the reaction I expected from Britney…Trisha sat up, confused. "Britney?" 

 After a few seconds, the head cheerleader's voice came back. "Yeah. I'm here." 

 "Um…is something wrong?" 

 "No, no, nothing. A lifeguard, huh?" 

 "Yeah…" Trisha still had the feeling that something wasn't right. "Are you sure &ndash; " 

 "Was his name Dan?" 

 "Yeah!" Trisha said, right away. "It was! Curly blonde hair, pretty tall. Do you know him? Oh God, Brit, he was incredible!" 

 "Yeah. Yeah, I know him." Britney's voice sounded different somehow, and immediately, Trisha's excitement died away. She was starting to get uneasy. What is going on?Knowing Britney, the head cheerleader probably knew how good Dan was, too. 

 "Brit...have you fucked him too?" 

 "Yeah." Britney's voice still sounded different. "A long time ago." 

 "And…it wasn't good?" 

 "No, it was. It was really fucking great, like you said. Ah…shit, Trisha, it's complicated." 

 Uh oh.Now Trisha was definitely uneasy. She had never heard Britney like this before: uncomfortable, unhappy. At that moment, the cheerleader's call waiting beeped, and she glanced at her phone. It was Mandy. Damn. 

 "Hey Britney…Mandy's calling me. I'm really sorry, but I should probably answer it." 

 "Okay, no problem. I'll just talk to you at school on Monday." 

 Trisha chewed her bottom lip, worried now. "Are you sure, Britney? Something's definitely wrong, I can tell." 

 "No, honestly, hun, nothing's wrong." Britney's voice started to sound a little more like herself. "It's just something in the past, you know. Mandy needs you." 

 Trisha agreed, but she wasn't convinced. "Um…okay. I guess I'll see you on Monday then." 

 "Hey Trish?" 

 "Yeah?" 

 "Can you do me a favor?" The head cheerleader's voice was serious again. "Just…um…stay away from that Dan guy, okay? Please?" 

 Trisha was lost in thought as she heard Britney hang up the phone. She listened to the silence for a few seconds, taking a moment before answering Mandy's call. What now…? Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 12 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 Trisha stood in front of the mirror in her bedroom, chewing her lip, deep in thought. The petite cheerleader was clad in only a bra and a thong, her perky, 32C-cup breasts snug and bulging in their bra, round and ample in contrast to her thin waist. The red thong hugged her slender hips, tight against the faint bulge of Trisha's pussy, the tiny g-string back disappearing between her generous butt cheeks. Her long brown hair was draped over her shoulders and down her back, matching perfectly with her brown eyes. One hand was holding up her cell phone to her cheek. The other was holding a light pink dress against her body, examining it in the mirror. 

 "I don't know, Britney...maybe I'll just stay in tonight. I was planning on just doing some homework anyway. And I can't decide what to wear." She turned around and tossed the dress onto her bed, next to several others. 

 "Come on, Trisha! Don't be so boring! It'll be fun. I'll make sure of it. I promise." 

 Trisha sighed. "Yeah, but...I just don't feel like a party tonight." 

 "It's not just 'a party,' Trish. It's myparty! Think about how awful it will be, if the one weekend my parents are away, the one time I throw a party, my best friend doesn't even show up! I would be sooo sad!" 

 Trisha laughed. She could almost hear Britney pouting through the telephone. "All right, all right, I'll come. But don't be surprised if I end up holed away in some bedroom." 

 "No problem, hun. In fact, I'll join you." 

 Trisha raised an eyebrow. "You will?" 

 "Yup. It'll be fun. You'll see." There was something strange in Britney's voice, and Trisha knew almost immediately that her friend was planning something. She chose to ignore it though, and wandered over to her closet. 

 "So what should I wear?" 

 "How about your white dress? The strapless one. It's really cute." 

 Trisha shook her head, pawing through her closet. "No...I don't think so. Hey, what about my black dress? 

 "Which one?" 

 Trisha pulled it out from the closet, examining it. "The short one. That I bought with you last week. You found it for me, remember?" 

 "Oh, yeah! Hell yeah, Trish! Feeling extra slutty tonight, huh?" 

 The cheerleader shrugged. "I guess." She walked back over to the mirror. "I have to change bras though." 

 "Well hurry up! Come over soon, okay?" 

 "Okay, I will." Trisha hung up and put her cell phone and the dress down on the bed. She reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, slipping it off her dainty shoulders, and pulled out a strapless one from her dresser. Then she went back to the mirror, staring at her reflection, still thinking. She did feel like staying in tonight, but that wasn't the only reason Trisha was reluctant to go to Britney's party. Ever since she had told her friend about Dan, the lifeguard, and Britney had asked her to not see him again, Trisha had felt that their friendship had changed. She was much too scared to ask the head cheerleader about it again, and Britney definitely didn't bring it up herself. And it wasn't anything Britney had done; if anything, the head cheerleader was the exact same, acting as if they had never talked about it. But for some reason, Trisha felt a bit different. Maybe it's all in my head. I've been so anxious the last couple weeks. Still...it's not like Britney to say something like that. She's always encouraging me to go out and meet other guys, not stay away from them. I wonder what happened between them... 

 Trisha shook her head, feeling her wavy brown hair flopping against her cheeks. Forget it. I just want to have fun tonight. I don't want to think about any of this. She offered a reassuring smile at herself in the mirror, examining the sight of her reflection. A petite cheerleader smiled back at her, barely over five feet, looking dainty and sweet, just as innocent as the next eighteen- year-old girl, with bright brown eyes and a pouty smile. Her bare legs were slender and smooth, freshly shaved, curving into her hips, which tapered into her slim, taut waist. Her bare tits were round and firm, her nipples soft and red in the mirror. Trisha raised her strapless bra to her chest, watching her boobs bulge up against each other, two firm mounds, as she secured them in the cups. She grabbed the dress from her bed and held it up once more in the mirror. Just have fun! 

 *** 

 The petite cheerleader turned off the car and got out, feeling the cool evening breeze sweep across her skin. It was almost May, and it felt like summertime. Trisha smiled at the thought, and absentmindedly she smoothed out her dress. Britney was right, she admitted to herself; the dress was a little slutty. Short and slinky, it was the perfect little black dress for the cheerleader, displaying her petite frame and tight body. Flirty spaghetti straps held up a plunging V-neck, and the shelf of Trisha's perky, 32C boobs peeked out the generous dip in the middle. The fabric was soft and thin and clung to her body, accentuating every part of the cheerleader's slender curves, showing off her ample chest, snug around her narrow waist, hugging it as it gently curved into her flared hips, stopping only a couple inches below her ass and showing off Trisha's slender, bare legs. The cheerleader adjusted the straps of her black stiletto heels, took a deep breath, and walked to Britney's door, the loud click of her heels echoing on the walk as she rang the doorbell. 

 "Heya, Trish! Bout time, you slowpoke!" Trisha' friend Britney, the head cheerleader, looked stunning as always. Her long, curly blonde hair draped down her shoulders and her chest, framing a pair of brilliant blue eyes and a smile that seemed as if it was half-made of mischief. Britney was wearing a silky, dark green blouse that clung to her gorgeous frame; the dipping neckline was more than generous, revealing a good third of her massive, double-D chest, two sloping mounds and the bulging crease in between. Her skirt was black and tight, reaching down to her knees with a long, thin slit up one side, finished off by a pair of knee-high, high-heeled boots. The outfit was perfect for Britney. It showed off the head cheerleader's massive chest and her thin waist at the same time, and the skirt made her long, smooth, slender legs look even more endless. Trisha grinned up at her friend (Britney was several inches taller than her) and stepped inside. 

 "Jesus Christ, hun!" Britney's gaze swept down Trisha's body, admiring the petite girl, looking even more slinky and slim in her little black minidress. "Trying to make the rest of us girls jealous, huh?" 

 Trisha laughed and rolled her eyes. "You're one to talk, Brit! Wow, there's a lot of people here!" 

 "Yeah." Britney threaded her way through the crowd of people in the hallway, Trisha hurrying to follow. "But most of them are just here for the free booze." 

 Trisha laughed as she followed Britney into the kitchen. The petite cheerleader couldn't help noticing that every pair of male eyes locked onto the two of them as they walked, attracted first to the sight of the leggy blonde, her massive tits bobbing, and then lingering on the dainty, cute little brunette following closely behind, wearing a short dress that made every one of their cocks hard just thinking about the body beneath it. 

 There were more people in the kitchen, and a bunch of girls that Trisha recognized from the cheerleading squad. As she entered into the room, they looked up and smiled at her, waving. Trisha smiled and waved back. They must have heard about what I did for Mandy...The petite cheerleader shifted uneasily on her heels as Britney busied herself with drinks. A second later, the head cheerleader handed Trisha a glass of orange liquid. 

 "What is it?" She sniffed it, and took a tiny sip. 

 Britney laughed. "It's a screwdriver, Trish. Vodka and orange juice. It's good, I promise. I'll show you around." The two cheerleaders threaded their way back through the crowd. The sound of people talking and laughing was loud, and beer bottles were everywhere. In another room, music was booming out of a pair of speakers. Trisha followed Britney up the stairs. The head cheerleader was pointing out her own bedroom and the master bedroom when the doorbell rang. 

 "Oops! Scuze me, hun." The head cheerleader hurried out of the room, her heels digging into the stiff carpet. 

 Trisha wandered into the empty master bedroom, pausing in front of the dresser. There was a family picture on top of it, and it looked pretty old. A smiling man and woman were holding hands, and in front of them was a short, adorable little blonde. It was Britney, probably six or seven years ago. Trisha giggled as she stared at her friend. I wonder how long ago she was with Dan... 

 The cheerleader turned around as she heard footsteps behind her. Britney laughed. "Wow, you weren't fucking kidding. You're just gonna spend all night in my parents' room, huh?" 

 "Shut up! I was just looking at your picture." Trisha pointed at the dresser. 

 Britney laughed. "Yeah, yeah. Sure. You know what? Stay here. I'm not expecting too many more people. I'll be right back." 

 Trisha nodded and went back to staring at the picture. I wonder what Britney was like before...was she just like me? A good girl? Or was she always naughty? I should ask her. 

 Barely moments later, the door opened again, and Trisha grinned as Britney reappeared. But then her face turned to surprise: there were two guys walking into the room behind her, both looking tall and in their mid-20s. Trisha didn't know who they were, but from the way some of them were glancing at Britney, she could guess what they were here for. Uh oh... 

 "Boys," Britney said, with a mischevious smile. "May I present Trisha." 

 The petite cheerleader couldn't help blushing as she felt two pairs of eyes hungrily take in the sight of her; barely five feet tall, with the cute face and pouty lips of an innocent eighteen-year-old, in a dress that showed off her perky tits and stopped near the tops of her thighs, and tightly hugged every inch of her dainty, slender body. Trisha nervously stepped forward and shook both of their hands as they grinned down at her. Even though she was in her heels, they all still towered over her, and she could tell from the sweep of their gaze that they must have a great view down her low-cut dress, partially covering her chest, two generous mounds bulging out in her push-up bra. She shifted on her feet as she offered a smile up at them, feeling her slender hips swing as she did it, and the tight fabric of the dress's hem slide across her bare thighs. 

 The taller one was named John, who had dark brown hair; the shorter one was Paul, who had sandy blonde hair and blue eyes the same color as Britney's. Trisha's eyes shifted nervously back and forth between them, before finally settling on her friend. 

 "I was right, wasn't I?" the head cheerleader said, laughing. "She's so fucking cute." 

 "Yeah," John agreed. "She's a sweet little thing." 

 'Anyway, Trish, I think John and Paul and I are going to have some fun. Why don't you stick around?" Britney tossed her long blonde hair casually as she said it, as if she was simply asking Trisha if she wanted another drink or something to eat. 

 "Um...I..." Trisha was taken by surprise. "You mean you're going to...um..." 

 "Fuck?" Britney laughed out loud, saying the word that Trisha had stopped on. "Yeah, hun, that's pretty much the idea." From the grins on John's and Paul's faces, Trisha could tell that this was a regular occurrence. 

 "Oh..." Trisha shifted uneasily on her heels. "Um...I guess I should go, then..." Another night, she might have wanted to join in, but tonight she wasn't feeling up to it. I only came in the first place cause Britney wanted me to...And I told her that, too! She started to head towards the door, feeling a bit awkward and out of her element. But before she could get there, Britney stopped her. 

 "No way, Trish! Stay with us!" 

 "W...what?" Trisha looked up at her friend, surprised. 

 "What's wrong, Trish?" Britney grinned down at her friend, and her voice lowered to a whisper, just between the two of them. "I thought you wanted to 'relax' tonight..." 

 "That's not what I meant!" Trisha whispered back. "I just...um...have fun, Brit. I'll be downstairs." She tried to open the door a second time. 

 "Okay," the head cheerleader said, nodding, her blonde curls swaying around her gorgeous face. "Fine." Trisha was surprised. he's not going to try to convince me? That's not like Britney..."But can you stay anyway?" 

 "Huh?" The petite cheerleader looked up, confused. That's kind of weird, isn't it? 

 "Well...I'm kind of worried people will come in and interrupt us, you know? Do you mind?" 

 Trisha hesitated for a moment, then nodded. When Britney asked her to join in, she knew it was for wild, dirty sex – the kind that her friend always loved, and the kind that Trisha didn't feel like tonight. But asking her to stick around and watch for other partiers – that was just one cheerleader asking another to look out for her. I might as well...after all, it is her party. 

 "Thanks," Britney said, grinning, and she turned back to face the two men in the middle of the room, waiting. Trisha quietly made her way to the bed, sitting down on the corner and crossing her legs, her feet dangling a couple inches above the floor, trying her best to tug the hem of her snug minidress back down her thighs. 

 "Well, boys," Britney announced, louder this time. "Looks like it'll be just a threesome tonight." 

 "Aww," Paul said, laughing as he turned to Trisha. "What a party pooper!" 

 The petite cheerleader gave a shy smile in response, her eyes dropping to the bedspread. Geez...you don't have to make me feel so guilty! 

 "Nah, it's okay," Britney said, grinning. "I was looking forward to getting a workout anyway." Without another word, she sunk to her knees on the carpet, in the middle of her parents' bedroom, and winked up at both of them. Her tight skirt was now wrapped snugly around her long legs, the heels of her boots sticking up in the air. "Who's first?" 

 "John won the coin toss," Paul said, looking glum. Britney and John both laughed as he walked over to the bed too, joining Trisha. 

 The head cheerleader was now on her hands and knees, her skirt tight around her ass, her massive tits bulging precariously out of her blouse, the V-neck drooping below her gorgeous body and barely covering her boobs. Trisha watched in amazement as the head cheerleader happily parted her lips and stuck out her tongue, without a single word or introduction, her bright blue eyes coaxing John's cock inside her wet mouth. He wasted no time accepting the invitation, quickly stepping forward and jutting his hips forward, plunging his length halfway into her lips. Britney accepted him with no trouble, wrapping her mouth around his shaft, gulping him in and sucking softly. Her bright blue eyes fixed on his, sparkling and eager as she bobbed forward, slurping loudly, pushing herself down on his cock. The head cheerleader rocked herself back and forth on her hands, her blonde hair swaying back and forth, draped down her shoulders and just barely sweeping the carpet as she slid up and down on John's rod. 

 From her vantage point on the bed, Trisha could easily see his cock disappear between Britney's wet, soaked lips, his shaft glistening with her saliva. No matter how many times she saw her, Trisha always marveled at the sight of Britney; so tall and stunning, her smooth legs perfectly long and slender, her figure an hourglass, a pair of round, bouncing tits topping a slim waist and a curvaceous ass. Her curly blonde hair seemed to shimmer as it slid back and forth on her slender shoulders. Any other time, Trisha would have thought she was a model. Now, though, she looked more like a porn star, on her hands and knees in the middle of her parents' bedroom, slurping up and down on John's dick like it was the most delicious thing she'd ever tasted, gulping his length down with enough ease to show that she had much more than her fair share of experience. 

 "Oh...oh...fuck, Britney...get that dick, yeah..." John murmured, staring down at the curvy blonde, taking in the sight of her ass raised in the air, her legs curved out below her, her mischievous eyes feasting on the sight of his meat as she gulped it down. 

 "Mmmm..." The head cheerleader was moaning too – soft, low groans of pleasure, letting everyone know just how much she loved the taste and the feel of a cock deep in her mouth. A second later, Britney plunged forward, and John gasped as the head cheerleader's plump lips swallowed his cock whole, gliding down to his pubes. Her tongue snaked out from below his thick rod and began to lightly lap at his balls as he groaned. Britney's forehead was now pressed against his belly button, her nose squished against his crotch as she buried his length in her throat. 

 "Uhhh...fuck yeah! Just like that!" 

 Trisha couldn't help craning her neck to watch. The head cheerleader was incredible; even as she kept John's cock buried in her throat, she was now thrusting back at his hips, ramming her face into his crotch, her lips gulping and slurping as drool dribbled down his balls. Wow...she can really hold her breath for a long time. Trisha thought in amazement, admiring her friend's skill, watching her gorgeous frame stretched out on the floor, her entire body put into sucking John's cock. She's so hot...Trisha couldn't help thinking. I wonder if I look that hot when I'm throating someone's cock.Britney's feet were raised so that her boots were dangling in the air, her back arched, her hands gripping the carpet hard in her effort to throat the cock as long as possible. I hope I do! 

 Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the head cheerleader wrenched herself off John's dick, her tits bobbing as she gasping for breath, grinning up at him. Even as she panted, she reached up with one hand, took hold of his soaked dick, and began to slap it against her slobbery lips. Across the room, Trisha could hear the slap! slap! slap! of his hard cock against her soft lips. 

 "Like that, sweetie?" the head cheerleader cooed. 

 "Ohh...fuck...yeah!" John was panting too, Trisha realized, in pure lust for the head cheerleader's body. Fascinated, she watched as he wrapped both hands around the back of Britney's head, grabbing two full handfuls of her gorgeous blonde hair, and forcefully pulled her forward, shoving his cock back between her lips without even asking, without even making sure she had caught her breath. In response, the head cheerleader let out a loud moan of pleasure, and immediately sank him back down into her throat, locking her lips around the base of his shaft like a wet suction ring. 

 The look in his eyes...Trisha thought to herself as he watched John fuck the breathless blonde's face. He looks so hungry...so animalistic...She wouldn't have been surprised if John had just grabbed Britney by the hips, ripped off all her clothes, and shoved his cock into her pussy – he seemed to be right on that edge. For several more seconds, he plunged his cock down Britney's throat, the head cheerleader moaning and gurgling, her hands now tightly gripping the carpet, her chest heaving, her body involuntarily squirming in effort on the floor. 

 At last, the head cheerleader reached up and slapped John hard on his thigh. He immediately responded by letting go of Britney, letting the blonde pull herself back off his cock, gasping and coughing, drawing in air as fast as she could. Her chin was now coated in drool, and Trisha could see that a long stream of it was dribbling off of the tip of John's cock too, splashing on the carpet of Britney's parents' bedroom. But before the head cheerleader could take more than two or three breaths, John had once again grabbed her by the hair, and plunged his meat back between her lips, balls-deep, filling her throat. And once again, Britney responded with a loud, muffled moan of pleasure, loving every second of it, even as the rest of her body instinctively squirmed and struggled against the thick cock cutting off her breathing. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 12 ****** byHiddenDevil_© As she watched John start to face-fuck Britney once more, Trisha realized that this was a system they'd worked out: he would viciously fuck Britney's throat until the head cheerleader couldn't take it anymore, and she would slap him on the thigh. Then he would let her gasp in just enough oxygen to last her through another hard face-fucking, and he would give her the same treatment once more. Wow... Trisha thought as she watched Britney choke and gasp, but continue to plunge herself down on John's rod. She's really into it... 

 Britney slapped John's thigh again, and he let go of her hair, letting the head cheerleader wrench herself backwards, her chest heaving as she gasped and sputtered for breath, her tits swaying with her breathing. After a few seconds, John grabbed her once more, and shoved his dick back down her throat, eliciting a loud cough from the blonde teenager, her flawless figure on display in her low-cut blouse and tight skirt. 

 Seated on the bed, in a little black dress that showed off her own dainty figure, Trisha stared at the two of them, her fascination increasing with every second. As she leaned forward to get a better view, the V-neck of her dress sank down with her petite body, showing off her perky pair of tits, nestled and plump in the snug fabric. She uncrossed her dangling legs, completely forgetting about the short hem of her minidress, and a patch of red peeked out from between her slender legs as she shifted on the bed. 

 "Uh...uh...yeah..." John's groans were growing louder and fiercer, his hands tight around Britney's face, and the head cheerleader was gulping his cock down whole, her mouth stuffed to the brim, her eyes wide and pleased, her gorgeous body trembling with excitement. Her drool coated her entire chin and had began to dribble down her neck and onto the carpet. The top half of Britney's lacy, see-through bra was now poking out of her blouse's plunging neckline; a result of her rocking back and forth as she slurped on John's rod. Trisha could see the head cheerleader's throat muscles working the cock buried in between them. Yeah, Britney! she thought, excited and impressed. Throat him! 

 "Oh shit...ohhhh fuck!" John's groans began to drown out Britney's muffled whimpers, and his breathing began to quicken. Trisha suddenly realized that he was almost ready to cum. The petite cheerleader's own excitement was rising as she watched him thrust in and out of the head cheerleader's mouth. Britney's chest was squirming and her face was red; she was obviously out of breath. But she kept slurping him down, her eyes still sparkling and eager, her lips still buried in his pubes. Trisha didn't know why, but her own chest was thumping with excitement as she waited for John to shoot his spunk down her friend's throat. Come on!she thought to herself, her eyes fixed on his cock, her anticipation bursting through her. Hurry up and cum! Cum in her mouth! 

 "Ohhh...ahhh...okay, here it comes!" John shouted out. 

 The petite cheerleader didn't even know that she was doing it, but she was half-standing now, her heels digging into the carpet and her hands planted on her bare thighs as her little body strained to watch, her neck craned, her eyes wide and excited. Trisha's own breathing sped up slightly as she watched John began to pump his cum into Britney's gurgling, gasping mouth. She could see Britney straining to gulp him down even as she struggled for breath; she could see her throat work to swallow John's thick load, and without even realizing it, the petite cheerleader licked her own lips, unconsciously imagining the taste of the man's cum in her own mouth, sliding down her own throat. 

 "Oh...ohhhh fuck yeah," John was groaning. 

 A movement caught the corner of Trisha's eye, and she turned and saw Paul, standing at the foot of the bed, also watching Britney and John. His pants were around his knees, and his rock-hard cock was in his hand, thick and throbbing as he watched. Trisha's eyes immediately fell on the sight of his rod, without even thinking, hypnotized by the sight of it, imagining its thick, fleshy shaft wrapped in her own hand. She suddenly realized that her own body was excited, her eyes bright and interested, her pussy getting wetter by the second... 

 Britney had stood up, her face flushed bright red, her chest heaving as she panted, and she reached up with both hands to wipe the slobber from her chin. She flashed a grin at John as he sagged back against the bed, but her eyes immediately fell on Trisha. The petite cheerleader's mouth was open and slack, and her eyes were fixated on Paul's cock, bright and brimming with lust. 

 The head cheerleading burst out laughing, and the sound shook Trisha out of her trance. She looked up and saw her friend walking towards her, her hips swaying in her high-heeled boots. 

 "What's the matter, Trisha?" she teased. "You look a little preoccupied." 

 "Huh? What do you mean?" Trisha darted her eyes, trying to look innocent. 

 Britney laughed and pointed at her. "Better fix your dress, hun." 

 Trisha looked down, and a sheepish smile crossed her face. In her excitement, the petite cheerleader had forgotten that she was wearing such a short dress, and all the squirming and straining on the bed had ridden the snug fabric halfway up her ass, showing off her slender legs as they dangled off the bed. Now, a generous triangle of Trisha's thong was peeking out the bottom, and she realized that a small, damp spot was visible – a sign of her excitement at watching her friend swallow a stranger's seed. 

 "I thought you weren't interested in sex tonight, Trish." 

 Trisha's smile turned a little more wicked. "I...well..." 

 "Change your mind?" Britney was still cleaning off her face, wiping her hands on the bedspread, leaving the slobber from her blowjob on her parents' blankets. 

 Trisha glanced up at her friend, grinning. The image of Britney groaning and whimpering around John's cock, buried deep in her throat, was so fresh in her mind. It was all she could think about, and she could feel the moistness in her pussy growing. "Maybe..." 

 "Good thing you stuck around, huh?" Britney gave Trisha a mischevious grin. A look of understanding suddenly dawned on the petite cheerleader's face. She knew this was going to happen!Trisha realized. That's why she asked me to stay!She thought back now to how Britney was moaning and squirming and thrusting on the carpet, choking herself on John's cock, gulping it down even as her chest heaved for breath. Trisha couldn't help giggling as she stared up at Britney's smile. Geez...Britney knows me really well. She knew that if I stuck around and watched her suck John's cock, I would get turned on, that I would change my mind... 

 "Britney!" Trisha laughed. "This was your plan all along!" 

 The head cheerleader winked, and gave an innocent shrug, refusing to admit it. Then, out of the corner of Trisha's eye, she saw that Paul had leapt up from the bed, finally out of patience, bored with listening to the two girls talking. He had waited patiently ,and now he wanted his turn. He was now approaching Britney, a lustful grin on his face, with a look in his eyes that told both girls he wasn't going to wait. The head cheerleader grinned, and a thoughtful look crossed her face. 

 "Mmm, hun," Britney cooed, "you gotta give me at least a couple minutes to recover, before I can suck another cock. But hey..." the head cheerleader turned and grinned down at the petite cheerleader. "...maybe Trisha can help you out." 

 The sight of Paul's cock had kicked Trisha's lust into another gear, and her eyes sparkled at the sight of it, flushing her body with eagerness. The sight of her friend choking herself on John's cock had made her own body ache for the same ravishing. Now, she had her chance. At Britney's invitation, she immediately hopped off the bed and sank to her knees, without even a word, opening her mouth, inviting his cock to slide between her plump lips. 

 But Paul seemed to have a different idea. He reached down and grabbed the petite cheerleader around her slim hips. "No way," he said, and with that, he picked her up, prompting a squeal from Trisha. "No blowjob tonight, baby. I've gotta be inside this sweet little thing." 

 Trisha's body burned with excitement at his words, and she felt him lowering her body to the floor, spreading her legs, his hands running over her skin- tight minidress. Frantically, the cheerleader reached down and began to yank and tug the dress off her body, tossing it over her head. Before it even fluttered to the floor, she had reached behind her shoulders to unhook her strapless bra, and Paul was gently pulling her panties down her slender legs, untangling them from her stiletto heels and discarding them. John and Britney both laughed as they watched the two of them rip off Trisha's clothes; in less than ten seconds, she was naked, lying on the carpet on her back, her legs spread, her eyes bright and eager as she stared at Paul's cock, silently begging it to plunge into her. 

 "Holy shit..." Paul said, stretched out above her, as his eyes swept over her. "You are fucking fine, Trisha." Petite and dainty, barely five feet tall, the cheerleader lay back on the floor, her irresistibly cute face grinning up at him, her big brown eyes glittering at the compliment. Her perky, round tits burst out of her slender chest, her slim hips curving into a slender pair of legs, spread wide, revealing a red, dripping pussy waiting for him. 

 Hurry up!The cheerleader's body was almost trembling with anticipation. Just fuck me! 

 She repeated the last two words out loud, in a soft, lustful moan. "Fuck me, Paul...fuck me..." 

 He didn't need to be told twice. Gently, slowly, he lowered his hips towards her, aiming his cock, pressing the tip up against her soaked, soft cunt. Trisha's entire body shuddered at the feeling of it, brimming with anticipation, and with another moan she reached forward and grabbed him around the thighs, pulling him in further. His thick rod plunged into her cunt in one smooth, sleek thrust, powering through her petite body, spearing her with that wonderful feeling of being filled completely. 

 "Ohhhh..." the two of them groaned together. Paul closed his eyes, concentrating on the feeling of an eighteen-year-old's cunt, dripping wet and snugly wrapped around his hard cock. Trisha's slim hips jolted and rocked as she was penetrated, and almost immediately her body began to slowly grind back against Paul's, inviting him in further, asking for him to pump her twat hard. 

 A second later, the cheerleader felt Paul's hands sneaking under her back and around her shoulders, tangling in between her long brown hair, ready to grip her hard, for leverage, preparing for a good pounding. She squirmed with anticipation, her hands still on his thighs, and she moaned softly. "Yes...fuck me..." 

 Before she could whimper anything else, she felt Paul's thrust speed up, and almost instantly, he was fucking her hard, driving his cock deep into her eager pussy, his hands hard around her shoulders and pulling her body back against his. Trisha's eyes burst open and she wailed out her pleasure as she felt herself rocked across the carpet, her hips bucking against his, her soaked twat stuffed and throbbing. Yes! Hard! Just like that! 

 "Ohhh....yes..." Trisha's hair was sprawled across the floor, her little body jammed back and forth on the carpet by Paul's thrusts, her tits flopping back and forth, her twat stuffed full of his cock. The cheerleader reached forward and gripped Paul's arms tightly, feeling his muscles pulse as he held himself above her, pumping his meat deep into her teenage cunt, stretching her open and filling her. 

 "Oh yeah...fuck yeah..." He was moaning loudly, thrusting into her in a steady rhythm, each plunge sending her tits wobbling and her body rocking against the floor. Paul's hips were pressing against her slender thighs, stretching her legs open for him, her heels swinging in the air as they bucked together on the floor. The petite cheerleader arched her back as she relished Paul's steady, hard pumps, driving the full length of his meat deep into her cunt, and Trisha curled her legs around his bucking hips, grabbing onto him, pulling him even further inside of her. She could feel her lust building in her, taking over her body inch by inch, driving her wild in her hunger for more. 

 "Yes! Yes!" she cried out, her body rocking back against his. Oooh...he's so big, he's so deep!Paul's ballsac slapped against her mound, his chest heaving as he grunted, throwing his weight into pounding deep between the cheerleader's legs. The cheerleader was flushed with lust, each thrust pushing her closer and closer to her peak, and she ached for it, her entire body trembling in her eagerness to cum on Paul's dick. Trisha's hair flopped back and forth on the carpet, her tits swaying, her brown eyes wide and her mouth open as she cried out for more. "Oh God, yes!" 

 The petite cheerleader was so lost in pumping herself against Paul's dick, her pleasure mounting and growing, that she didn't even notice the sound of commotion downstairs, or Britney slipping out of the room to check. All she could think about was bucking against the big cock inside of her, feeling it fill her each time, stretching her little canal open, pumping into her, driving her lusty body into a frenzy. With each second, she was getting closer to that wonderful peak. Yes...yes...more, more! 

 But a moment later, the head cheerleader raced back into the master bedroom, slamming it behind her. "Shit!" she shouted. 

 John looked up. "What's wrong?" 

 "The fucking police are here! God damnett! Get the fuck up, you two!" Britney was practically running around the room, grabbing her clothes and their scattered, empty cups and bottles. 

 Paul looked up, still panting, his cock still buried in Trisha's tight pussy, and he hesitated. For a moment, it seemed he would stay on the floor, fucking the cheerleader until he was finished. But at last, he pulled himself off her, jumping to his feet and grabbing his pants, joining Britney and John in rushing around the floor. 

 Lost in her lust, bucking and rocking on the floor, Trisha had barely even registered Britney's shout. Now, though, as she felt Paul's cock slide out of her dripping cunt, she frantically looked up, watching the three of them hurriedly dress. She was still lying on the floor, her legs spread, her clothes crumpled in a heap next to her, her hair spilling across the carpet. No...no!!! 

 "Wait...wait!" Trisha panted. Her entire body was burning, coursing with lust, her skin tingling with anticipation, her chest heaving, her face flushed. Her pussy was swollen and dripping, and it was screaming for more. No...oh God...oh my God, I was so close!!!She had never felt so empty. She had never needed a cock inside of her more. The petite cheerleader let out a wail of frustration and lust as her hand flew to her suddenly empty cunt, rubbing it furiously, her fingertips growing slick with her juices as they sank into her tender twat. She began to desperately thrust herself against her own fingers, her legs still spread, trying her best to fill her aching pussy. But it still wasn't as good as Paul's cock. Ohhh...God I'm so horny...I need to be fucked! I need it! 

 "For Christ's sake, Trisha! Get up!" Britney grabbed Trisha's clothes and tossed them on her naked, flailing chest. The petite cheerleader's fingers were still buried in her cunt, her eyes wide and desperate, her legs pumping in the air as she tried her best to fuck her own twat as hard and deep as possible. 

 John and Paul had already dressed and were now racing out of the room and down the stairs. It was just the two cheerleaders now, and Britney, with a look of frustration, reached down and roughly pulled Trisha to her feet. No!!"God damnett, girl, get a hold of yourself! Put on your clothes! You gotta get out of her!" 

 All Trisha wanted to do was flop back down on the floor and jam her fingers back into her soaked twat, empty and aching, desperate for more. But she knew that Britney was right, and she quickly obeyed, grabbing her panties and frantically yanking them up her slender legs, tugging her wrinkled minidress over her flushed, dainty body. She ignored her bra, stuffing it into her purse as she tried her best to smooth out her hair and her clothes. 

 "Go, go!" Britney said, shooing her out of the room. Trisha's tits bounced as she hurried out of the room, and she could feel her juices soaking through her thong, overflowing out of her body with carnal desire. She felt like she was going to burst from lust. God...I was so fucking close! 

 *** 

 Trisha could see a huge crowd in front of Britney's house. Blue and red lights were flashing; a pair of police cars had stopped in the middle of the road. For a moment, the cheerleader wondered if she should stay, to help Britney deal with the situation. After all, she is my best friend...But the head cheerleader had told her to leave. She knows about these situations better than I do...I should just go.The petite girl quietly made her way past the crowd, head down, trying her best to remain unnoticed, taking gentle steps so that her heels wouldn't click loudly on the sidewalk. Her bra-less breasts swung against her low-cut dress as she slipped towards her car, silently tugging the minidress back down her thighs. At last, Trisha made it to her car, unlocking it and quickly jumping inside. 

 The moment she did it, she felt another wicked rush through her swollen pussy. Even the motion of getting into her car, of her bare legs brushing together, of the seat rubbing against the sheer material of her little dress, was enough to send a wild thrill through the cheerleader's body. Her skin was still flushed from fucking Paul's cock. Argh....I was sooo close...Trisha's carnal frustration rushed through her, and all of a sudden one hand was sneaking down her dress, towards the cheerleader's desperate cunt, coming to a rest on her bare, trembling thigh. Her palm was resting on the hem of her minidress, barely inches from her soaked, eager twat. So close...so close to cumming...The cheerleader wanted nothing more than to jump out of her car and find Paul, to demand that he finish fucking her, but she knew she couldn't. The next best thing was to sit in her car and finger herself for the rest of the night. But just then, she heard a voice in a megaphone; the police. Damn! I have to get out of here!Her hand slowly left her bare thigh, as if reluctant to go, and the cheerleader turned on her car. 

 Before she could drive away, though, Trisha's cell phone chirped. She quickly flipped it open. It was a text message, from Dan! The cheerleader flashed back to meeting Dan at the beach, to how the lifeguard had pinned her to the wall of the shower stall, pressed her up against it, his hard, massive dick pounding into her, filling her. Him cumming inside her, shooting his spunk deep into her canal as she writhed in the midst of her mind-blowing orgasm. Ohhh...The cheerleader trembled with lust in the car seat as she remembered the scene...the incredible sex, the two strangers, just boys, watching in the other stalls...stumbling out of the showers, still recovering, scribbling down her phone number and thrusting it into the hands of the next lifeguard she saw, demanding he give it to Dan. 

 "Free tonight? Come over and we'll watch a movie." 

 The lifeguard had added directions and the address of his apartment. That's only a few blocks away, Trisha realized. Again, her body flushed with lust. In ten minutes, I could be with him...he could be plowing into me again, just like before...so hard and so deep... Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 12 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "No..." Trisha shook her head. What about Britney?? Britney asked me to stay away from Dan...and she's my friend. I can't betray her like that.But already the cheerleader had pulled out of her parking spot, and was heading down the street. She wanted to tell herself that she was just heading home, but part of her already knew that her desperate lust was about to take over. God...I was so close to cumming...but no, I can't! I won't!She was still driving, her pussy throbbing with desire, her panties soaked, her body flushed. I...I-I'll just stop by. I'll just stop by and say hello.But even as she thought it, the cheerleader already knew it wasn't true. 

 *** 

 Five minutes later, Trisha pulled up to the apartment complex. Her heels click- clacked loudly as she went up the flights of stairs, trying her best not to hurry too much. The stairs ended in a small balcony with a thin metal railing, and a single door; Dan's apartment. The cheerleader meant to stop and take a deep breath, to promise herself that she wouldn't do anything stupid. But before she could, her hand had suddenly raised and knocked. Stupid, Trisha! Stupid! 

 Dan opened the door, tall and muscular, shirtless, wearing only a pair of jeans. "Wow. You got here fast." 

 "Did I?" Trisha tried to act nonchalant, but she suddenly realized that she had already taken a step inside his apartment, without asking. The drive had done nothing to calm her body down; her pussy was still aching, her body flushed with lust, her heart pounding. Her brain could only alternate between two thoughts; the feeling of Paul plunging into her, on the floor in Britney's house; and the pleasure of her orgasm at the beach, when Dan had pushed her against the wall and fucked her silly. 

 "Yeah. Fuck...you look incredible." 

 Trisha couldn't help swelling with pride as she watched the lifeguard's eyes sweep over her little body, her tits snug and peeking out of the skimpy dress's top, her slender waist and curvy hips well-framed in the tight fabric, her slender legs stretched out under the short hem and her panties barely an inch away from peeking out the bottom. The impressed, hungry look in his eyes only turned her on more, and she had to bite her lower lip to keep from moaning out a request to fuck, right here and now. I want him...oh God, this was a mistake! 

 "Thanks. So...about that movie?" 

 "Right." Dan gave her a conspicuous grin. "Let's pick out a movie to watch. Come on in, babe." 

 Trisha glanced around the small apartment as Dan shut the door and walked over to the TV. It was a studio, small and fairly plain, not particularly clean or dirty. Dan was facing the TV, probably trying to decide if he should keep up the pretense and actually pick out a movie to watch. Trisha walked up behind him, her heels soft on the carpet. It was all she could do not to jump the lifeguard right then and there, her pussy still dripping and swollen, feeling desperately empty without a big cock pumping into it. Her arms tingled and her legs felt weak at the thought of it. She was trembling with lust. Oh God...I'm so horny...but I can't...I can't!She stopped behind him and tapped him on the shoulder. 

 The cheerleader honestly intended, with all her heart, to simply ask him if they could talk, or maybe even to ask about Britney. But as soon as Dan turned around, looking down at her, with the crotch of his jeans just inches away from Trisha's stomach, the cheerleader's sex-crazed body took over. Immediately, her hand went to his crotch, gripping it firmly. Both of them gasped; Dan at the feeling of her fingers on his cock, Trisha at her own shock of what she was doing. 

 Dan chuckled softly. "Not interested in small talk, are you?" He was closer to her now, and Trisha suddenly realized that she could smell alcohol on his breath. 

 She looked up at him, confused even as her hands continued to massage his crotch. Two voices were screaming out in her head. Yes! God, just say yes so he'll stuff that big cock inside of me! No...no, what about Britney??She could feel his dick hiding beneath his pants, ready for her. "I...I..." 

 Dan didn't wait for an answer. He grabbed Trisha around the waist, pulling the cheerleader towards him, leaning down to kiss her fiercely. Trisha could taste the liquor on his tongue, could feel the short stubble of his unshaved chin on hers. Even as they kissed, he was leaning into her, pressing forward, urging her to walk backwards with him. She obeyed, wrapping her hands around his neck, pulling him in closer, burying her fingers in his short hair. The voices were still arguing in her head: Britney...she told me to stay away! Am I betraying her? But somehow, the thoughts never reached her lips, and the cheerleader gave in to Dan's embrace. 

 She gasped quietly as she felt her body pressed against the door of his apartment. Images of Trisha's last rendezvous with Dan swept through her mind; of being pressed up, just like this, against the wall of the public stall, her petite body cradled in Dan's arms as he plowed himself into her. Her body was practically quivering with lust; her pussy was still soaked and swollen. She pressed herself against him, feeling the bulge in his pants, her body crying out for more. 

 Trisha squealed in surprise as Dan suddenly swung the door open, pushing the cheerleader outside. She tripped over her heels as she twisted around, barely catching herself from falling by grabbing onto the balcony railing outside. The night was warm and silent in front of her, and several stories below, the street in front of them was empty. She felt Dan behind her, his cock bulging inside his pants, pressed up against the cheerleader's butt as she bent over the railing, turgid and thick against the almost-sheer fabric of her minidress. Yes...yes...no, I can't!She tried her best, in a half-hearted, trembling voice, to protest, against her own desires and his. 

 "D-Dan...wait...w-what about..." 

 "Shut up." Dan's growl was fierce, and suddenly Trisha felt his hands sliding up the skin-tight material of her dress, enjoying the texture of the fabric and the slender curves beneath. He was cupping her tits now, squeezing them together harshly, feeling her perky globes bulge against each other as he massaged them. Trisha gasped softly as he felt him all over her, enjoying her body, and she shuddered again with forbidden lust. But part of her was still trying to resist. We can't do it outside...I know I'm going to scream when I cum...I always do, and people will hear! 

 "W-wait," she stammered, trying again. "p-please...your neighbors..." 

 "Shut up, you slut!" Dan's growl was even louder this time, and Trisha could hear an animalistic tone in his command. That last word rang through her ears. Slut...he's right...I'm a slut, and I want him...I want his cock...Her lust was taking over, and the cheerleader closed her eyes as she stayed bent over the railing, her back arched and her butt out. A warm breeze fluttered through the air, and she pressed her little body against him, feeling his hips push through the fabric of her dress against her swollen twat. 

 "Yeah...yeah..." Dan growled as he felt the petite cheerleader press against him. His mouth was only inches from her ear, his unshaved cheek against hers, the sharp smell of beer wafting over her. His voice had suddenly turned hard and aggressive. "You're a naughty slut aren't you, Trisha?" 

 That sounds like something Britney would say,Trisha thought. God...Britney...I...I c-can't...But her pussy was still screaming out for attention, her body was still desperate for her orgasm, and she was grinding against him now, rubbing her butt against the bulging material of his jeans. She couldn't control herself...she needed his cock so badly... 

 "Mmm...a dirty slut. Looks like you put on this skanky dress to go to some party, huh? See if you could find some guy to fuck you. But you couldn't, so you came back to Dan, isn't that right? Isn't that right, my little slut?" His breath was thick and hard, and Trisha wrinkled her nose against the acrid smell. He was still groping her chest, massaging and squeezing with such force that they pressed Trisha's entire body even harder against him. Now, they were snaking down her chest, inching towards her soaked, desperate pussy. 

 "Ohhh..." The moan escaped the cheerleader's lips as she continued to grind against the mound in Dan's pants. 

 "Learn this fast, Trisha, like a good little schoolgirl. When you need a good fucking, you always come to Dan. You're my little slut, Trisha, and you'll do anything for my cock. Do you understand?" 

 Trisha whimpered softly, saying nothing, and she reached a hand behind her, her lust controlling her body, groping blindly for the fly of his pants, her twat pulsing with desire. 

 The lifeguard repeated himself. "Do you understand, Trisha? Are you my little slut? Are you going to let me fuck you?" 

 "Yes..." the cheerleader whimpered. She meant to only answer the second question, but she suddenly realized that it sounded like she was answering both. Maybe I am... 

 "Are you going to let me fuck you right here, outside, where everyone can see and hear how much of a filthy, slutty girl you are?" 

 "Yes..." Trisha whispered, again. Her groping hand found his zipper, and her fingers attacked it like a wild animal, yanking it down and ripping open his fly. 

 Dan's chuckle was low and dangerous. "I knew it as soon as I saw you on the beach, Trisha. I knew how good of a little slut you'd be for me." 

 The petite cheerleader felt his hands around her thighs, as he slowly pulled up the hem of her minidress, bunching it around her waist. Her smooth butt was exposed now, out in the night, clearly visible from every vantage point. She felt his fingers now around her thong, slowly pulling it off her pussy, not even taking them fully off, leaving them stuck around her mid-thighs. She heard another chuckle, and realized that he must have seen how soaking wet she was. The cheerleader shuddered with anticipation, arching her back and offering her naked ass to him, gripping the rail hard as she leaned out over the street, looking down at the black asphalt. She was ready and waiting, standing on the balcony in her heels, bent over the railing, her legs spread for him, as wide as the tangled pair of panties would allow. 

 Dan's hands slowly encircled her slim waist, his grip growing firm, and Trisha trembled slightly in response, her anticipation almost too much to handle. She felt something hard and smooth against her thrilled, dripping pussy, and without even thinking she pushed back slightly, letting the tip of his meat sink into her tight canal. 

 "Please..." she whispered. 

 Dan let out another growl, low and fierce enough to tell Trisha that he wasn't going to hold back. At that same moment, his hands tightened around her waist and his hips bucked, sending his thick shaft plunging deep into Trisha's waiting pussy. The thrust burst through Trisha's entire body, the second cock inside of her tonight, sending her back rigid, snapping her head to attention, causing her to arch her ass and spread her legs even wider for him. 

 "YES!" she cried out. The cheerleader's twat wrapped around his shaft, snug and tight and wet, and he stuffed her full, giving her exactly what she needed. Ooooh...yess!! Finally!!!The lifeguard began to rock in and out of her, his hands firm around her dainty waist, keeping her steady for him to pump his shaft hard, each thrust sending jolts of pleasure through her trembling body. Standing and bent over the balcony, the cheerleader's heels made her multiple inches taller, but even so, she tried to stand on tip-toe in them, arching her back, trying to raise herself into an even better position for him to plow deeper inside of her. This was exactly what she needed; that unfulfilled orgasm and lust had been building up inside of her, and now Dan's cock was setting it free, plunging into her twat and filling her needs. 

 "Yes! Ohhhh...Dan...yessss..." Trisha squealed out loud in the night, her knuckles white on the railing, her panties around her thighs, her dress bunched up. Dan was plowing into her with incredible force, his cock stuffing her full, balls slapping against her cunt lips. The cheerleader was gripping the railing for dear life, the top half of her body hanging halfway out, over the street, swaying back and forth with his hard pumps. Her dangling hair swung back and forth, partially covering her vision as she stared down several stories at the pavement below, whimpering and moaning in rhythm with his plunging shaft. 

 Then, she saw a pair of people were walking on the sidewalk below her. The rest of the night was silent except for the cheerleader's loud moans and squeals of pleasure; she knew that they could hear her. Even as Dan bucked her back and forth over the railing, she realized that they were about to walk right under her. She imagined them trying to avoid looking at her; trying to ignore the petite girl, eighteen years old and barely five feet tall, rocking back and forth on an open balcony, her hair flopping, her slutty dress hitched around her waist as a stranger pumped his cock into her swollen twat. 

 Dan let out a harsh laugh as he saw them too, passing by on the sidewalk, almost directly below them. His hands were still around her waist, his cock still plowing into her with delicious strokes. "Look at them," he commanded. "Wave at them, Trisha." 

 Trisha was still moaning in her pleasure, her thrilled body responding to Dan's thick cock. 

 "Wave at them, Trisha, like a good little slut. Now!" 

 Trisha opened her eyes and glanced back down at the couple. They had passed under her now, their faces tiny, their expressions unreadable. Slowly, unsteadily, the cheerleader obeyed, taking one hand off the railing and waving her hand back and forth at them as they watched. Dan let out a loud laugh, and he bucked extra hard into her twat, the force so strong that it sent Trisha reeling, off balance. The petite cheerleader squealed loudly in surprise as she teetered forward on her heels, and she grabbed the railing again to keep herself from nearly tipping over it. She looked back at Dan as she steadied herself, and saw all the windows of the apartments on his floor, the floors above and below his...the endless rows of people who could peek out and watch them fuck. There could be dozens...hundreds of people watching us...seeing me sway back and forth like a common whore as Dan fucks me hard. Ohh...he's so big...he's so deep... 

 "Good slut...good slut...fuck yeah..." Dan's hands had snuck up from her waist, and now they were at her slender shoulders, swaying back and forth over the railing as she gripped it, pumping against his dick along with the rest of her little body. His fingers found the thin straps of her dress, and tugged them down. Trisha moaned as she felt the straps fall to her elbows, flopping up and down there as she rocked, and the top of her dress slipped off her bouncing, dangling tits. As he continued to plunge deep into her pussy, Dan tugged the top of her dress further down her chest, fully revealing her tits, grabbing the two large handfuls in each hand and squeezing as he pumped into her. 

 Now, Trisha's pretty dress was nothing but a bunched piece of fabric around her waist, the straps hanging uselessly around her elbows, the hem raised up over her ass so Dan could pound into her. It was a sight to behold; a cute, petite cheerleader, her tits and ass naked and on display, standing outside on a fifth-story balcony so that every passing car or person could see her. She was bent over the railing, her legs looking slender and gorgeous as she stood in her heels, her panties still stuck around her thighs, tight and stretched as she strained against them to spread herself open for Dan's cock. Her hair was swinging around her face, which was stuck in an expression of pure ecstasy as Dan slammed his meat into her eager cunt, stuffing and stretching the little cheerleader. Her moans and cries of pleasure were echoing through the night for the rest of the apartment building to hear. 

 "Oh fuck...good slut...fuck you feel good..." Dan's groans rumbled through Trisha's body, and she moaned back in pleasure, rocking against him, her thrusts in tandem with his, so that the full force of both of them buried his shaft in her twat, so deep that it felt like it was plunging into her chest. Yes! Yes! Just like that!!Trisha let go of the railing with one hand, wobbling a bit in her heels as she struggled to keep her balance against Dan's ferocious pounding. The other hand was now sneaking down towards her pussy, towards the straining, aching nub of her clit. 

 "Yes...Dan...yes..." she whimpered. 

 "You're my dirty, filthy slut, Trisha," he said, louder this time. "And you're getting my cock as your punishment. You like it, Trisha? Does my little slut like my cock?" 

 "Ohhhhhhh..." The petite cheerleader had found her bulging clit, and now she was working it desperately, kneading into it, sending her thrilled, lusty body into a frenzy. The waves of pleasure were almost unbearable, and the cheerleader's screams echoed through the night. 

 "YES! YES, DAN! " 

 "Fuck yeah, Trisha! You nasty little fucking whore!" He was bucking and jamming into her, so hard that Trisha was leaning into him just to keep from falling over, her arms pushing against the railing and her legs pumping against the concrete to meet the force of his thrusts, her knuckles white and her heels digging into the floor. The railing was creaking and groaning now, as Dan yanked her back and forth, his entire body into it, his hips bucking into her as his hands around her tits pulled her into him. Each pump felt like it was filling Trisha's entire body, stuffing her twat, stretching and plowing, into and through all of her. 

 "OHHHH YES! MORE!" Trisha's hand was a blur on her clit, her body thrashing against Dan's, the railing clanking against its hinges as the cheerleader held on for dear life, bucking with all her might. Her body was rising, her pleasure bubbling and building and ready to spill over, ready for that orgasm that she had eagerly waited for, for so long. 

 Dan's shaft was throbbing and hard inside her, his balls slapping loudly against the lips of her pussy. Each thrust reverberated through the petite cheerleader; the force of both of their bodies, her bucking against him, him pulling her towards him as she slammed his cock deep in her twat. The pleasure of his fucking was mixing with the throbbing lust in her clit, and Trisha was now wildly kneading into it, moaning and crying out in pleasure as each tweak sent a stab of carnal pleasure through her body, her back arched as she bent over the railing, on tip-toes in her heels, her legs straining. Further and further, her lust pushed through her, and each thrust of Dan's dick pumped it even deeper, towards its goal, until finally... 

 "OHHHHHHHH Y-YEEESSSSS!!!!" The cheerleader's scream ripped through the night, echoing across the street, as loud and wild as her orgasm was fierce. Trisha was thrashing and grinding against Dan with an incredible strength, lost to the hot, electric waves of pleasure that coursed through her. The sexual energy that had been building up in her the entire night finally burst through, like a wave of fire, coursing through her body, overwhelming her, reducing her to nothing but a body lost in carnal pleasure. The cheerleader was quivering within her lust, her legs trembling as she stood on the balcony, her back arched and rigid, her chest heaving as she gasped for breath in between screams. At that moment, her trembling fingers lost their grip on the railing, and Trisha collapsed against Dan, her heels scraping on the pavement as she lost her balance. But even as she tumbled back into him, Trisha's mind barely even registered it; all she could think about was the feeling of her climax surging through her, wave after wave of pleasure, blasting her body with hot lust, finally satisfying her after so long. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 12 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "O-Ohhh my God....y-yesss..." Trisha was sagging in Dan's arms, leaning into him. At that moment, lost in the throes of her orgasm, the cheerleader knew that he was right. She was his slut, and she would do anything for the feeling of his cock inside of her, pumping her desperate twat, driving her to another amazing orgasm. Anything... anything...She could feel the heat of his lust as he pressed against her, his hands still groping her tits, his throbbing dick still buried in her cunt. 

 "Fuck....fuck..." Dan was also gasping for breath, his hips working his meat deep into Trisha's pussy, and at that moment the cheerleader felt his hands on her back, pushing her back forward. Already off-balance, the cheerleader tumbled down, falling onto her hands and knees on the balcony, the surface cold and rough against her soft skin. Her dress was still bunched around her waist, the shoulder straps now flopping around her forearms, the hem hitched up to offer her ass to Dan's meat. Her thighs were pinned together by the thong still stretched between them. The lifeguard was now crouched over her like an animal in heat, his hands hard on her slender shoulders, his hips bucking down and hard into Trisha's swollen cunt. His thrusts were ferocious and wild, sending the cheerleading reeling back and forth on the pavement, her breasts swinging, her hair flopping, her knees scraping on the pavement. Rocking back and forth, on her hands and knees, the cheerleader could feel Dan's shaft pulsing inside of her, so deep that she could feel the throbbing through every inch of her petite body, stretching her tight cunt as it wrapped around his meat. 

 "Ahhhh...fuck...yeah....fuck!!!" Dan bucked extra hard into Trisha's twat, the full length of him buried in her, his balls tight against her pussy, and the cheerleader had to plant her hands in front of her and push back against him with all her strength just to keep from tipping over on her face. She squealed out loud as she felt his cock growing and pulsating inside of her, and then a moment later she felt that wonderful, hot cum flooding her pussy, spurting out of his shaft with so much force that she could feel it erupting out of him. Dan's grunts were low and rhythmic, and he kept rocking against the cheerleader even though he was balls-deep in her twat, his shaft completely buried as he unloaded his seed deep inside her. Trisha kept her pose on the balcony; back arched, ass hoisted, on her knees with her hands planted to push back against him, relishing the feeling of him shooting his cum into her twat. 

 "Mmm...yeah..." Dan was relaxing against the cheerleader now, his dick still stuffed in her pussy. He was slowly running his hands over her, over her slender shoulders and arms, lightly squeezing her uncovered tits, running up and down the cheerleader's dainty curves and firm ass, enjoying the feel of the body he had just fucked. At last, he sank backwards, slowly pulling his thick cock from Trisha's swollen cunt. The cheerleader gasped softly at the feeling, still on her hands and knees, staring out across the empty night as he gently slid out of her. 

 "Yeah...that's my good little slut, Trisha," Dan panted, as he slowly rose to his feet. "Good girl, Trisha. You'll hear from me soon." 

 The cheerleader said nothing, still recovering from Dan's cock. A moment later, she started as she heard a door slam, and turned her head around to realize that she was alone, crouched on the balcony in nothing but a pair of heels, a thong wrapped around her thighs, and a dress scrunched around her waist. She realized then that she was panting, out of breath from Dan's ferocious assault. Her mind was still frazzled, but one thought ran through her mind: I'm Dan's slut.It wasn't a question or a suggestion; it was simply a statement of fact. She was his. She had been so desperately horny as she left Britney's house; she had never been so desperate in her life. So she had come to Dan, and he had satisfied her, fucking her rough and hard, taking her on his balcony, so quickly that he didn't even bother to take off her dress or pull her panties all the way down her legs. He had given her the orgasm that she needed. 

 Still on her hands and knees, she reached a hand back to gently tug her thong up over her pussy. Trisha could still feel the warmness of Dan's cum in her cunt as she stretched the short hem of her minidress back over her swollen ass. Next, she gently slipped on the shoulder straps, pulling them back up her arms, cupping and adjusting her tits to make sure that they were covered. Only after she had readjusted her clothing did she stand up, legs trembling, hands running through her tousled hair, trying to straighten it out, to make her look presentable. She took a quick glance around, wondering how many people had heard her, how many had passed by unnoticed as she had lost herself to the feeling of Dan's cock. Silently, she started back down the stairs, the click- clack of her heels echoing. I'm Dan's slut... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 13 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Trish! Hey, Trisha! Wait up!" 

 Trisha turned around at the sound of the voice, and saw Britney hurrying towards her. The head cheerleader looked just as drop-dead gorgeous as always, her long legs stretching out from a denim miniskirt, her massive tits swaying in a lacy, low-cut tank top. But all Trisha could do was stare down at her feet in shame. I betrayed Britney…I went back and fucked Dan…after she asked me not to! She's never asked me to stay away from any other guy, except Dan, and…and I couldn't even do that. 

 The worst part was that it hadn't been just once, either. On Friday night, Trisha had shown up on his doorstep, in a little black minidress, so wildly horny that she had practically begged him to fuck her right there and then. The scene was so clear in her mind the next morning; Dan bending her over the balcony, pounding into her as she whimpered and wailed for all his neighbors to hear. The cheerleader had been so desperate for a good fucking that she hadn't bothered to take her dress or her high heels off &ndash; she hadn't even pulled her panties all the way down her legs, leaving them stuck around her bare thighs as she grinded her petite body against his hips. 

 Just one night, Trisha could have disregarded as a mistake; a momentary lapse of judgment. But the next day, he had sent her another text message. And the next day, another one. Both times, as soon as she flipped open her cell phone and saw his number, her legs went weak and her pussy grew wet. Just the thought of him was enough to turn her on; him, and his massive cock, pounding into her with such rough ferocity. 

 She still couldn't get over the shame of lying to Britney &ndash; after everything she'd done for Trisha, this was her reward? Each time, she had paced around her room for an hour, vowing to stay loyal to Britney, vowing to show some willpower and never see Dan again. But there was something about the lifeguard that Trisha just couldn't resist. Something about him just brings the inner slut out in me. I don't even know what it is. Maybe it's the way he just takes me…just grabs me and shoves me down without even asking…the way he pounds into me like we're just animals, like I'm just a nasty slut to be fucked…On Saturday, he had bent her over his sofa and stuffed her twat full, making her scream with joy at his deep, thick thrusts. On Sunday, he had pulled out at the last second and came in her mouth, stabbing his meat deep between her lips without asking, watching her slurp up her own pussy juices, grinning down at her as she gulped down his length and swallowed his seed. 

 Now, as she stood outside the girls' locker room, watching Britney walk towards her, all Trisha could feel was guilt. What's the matter with me?? How could I be such an awful friend? 

 "Hey hun, just wanted to say sorry about the party on Friday. That was my first party that's been busted, so I flipped out a bit. You okay?" 

 "Oh…don't worry about it, Brit," Trisha said, trying to offer her best smile. "It was no big deal. Was everything okay?" 

 "Yep." Britney tossed her long blonde hair and grinned. "I had to suck a couple cocks to keep everything quiet. But hey, it's part of being a good host, right?" 

 She winked, and Trisha had to laugh. Tell her!A voice rang out in her head. I have to tell her! She's my best friend! 

 "Something wrong, Trish?" Britney asked. "You look like something's on your mind." 

 "I…um…" Trisha stared back down at her feet. I didn't even want to go to her party in the first place…and if I hadn't gone, I wouldn't have gone to Dan's…But the cheerleader knew that was just an excuse. I have to tell her! 

 At that moment, Trisha heard footsteps behind her. It was Mandy, carrying her gym bag, smiling at the two of them. Her short blonde hair was pulled back in a hairband, framing her friend's dimpled cheeks and light blue eyes. "Hey Trish. Hi, Britney." Trisha knew that Mandy still didn't like the head cheerleader, but in the last few weeks she could tell that Mandy was trying her best to warm up to Britney. 

 "You ready to go?" Mandy asked, staring at Trisha. 

 "Oh yeah," Britney said, nodding. "I forgot JV had practice right now." She smiled at Trisha. "Okay, we'll talk later, hun. See you guys!" 

 "What were you talking about?" asked Mandy, as the two cheerleaders headed into the locker room. 

 "Oh…it was nothing," Trisha said, sighing and offering a smile. 

 "You sure?" Mandy's face was all eagerness and trust, looking to support her friend. She was only slightly taller than Trisha, and just as petite, so the two girls were almost level as they walked. 

 "Yeah," Trisha nodded. She smiled, but her spirit was falling. "It's nothing." 

 *** 

 But Mandy always had a knack for cheering Trisha up. By the time she had finished dressing for practice with the rest of the squad, Trisha was already in a better mood. 

 "Yeah…I'm really excited to graduate too, but I wish we were going to the same college!" Mandy sighed as she closed her locker and bent over to retie her shoelaces. 

 Trisha was wiggling her slim hips as she tugged her cheerleaders' miniskirt over her waist, smoothing out the pleats, feeling them dangle over her ass, tickling the tops of her thighs. She smiled. "It'll be okay Mandy…we'll talk on the phone and everything!" Even with everything else that was going on in the cheerleader's life, she was happy for one thing: Mandy seemed back to normal, and they were friends again. 

 Mandy smiled back. "Yeah, of course!" The two girls were the last ones to finish dressing in their uniforms; a snug, tight blouse stretched over their little figures and a pleated miniskirt that swayed as they headed towards the locker room door. Just then, something chirped from Trisha's locker. 

 "Oops. That's my cell phone." Trisha quickly hurried back, her miniskirt flopping back and forth over her thighs, pulling open her locker to glance at the phone. It was a text message. And it was from Dan. 

 "Come meet me. I'll be in the parking lot in ten minutes." 

 Trisha gasped. He's coming here?? In the middle of school? 

 "Trisha?" Mandy was holding the door open, waiting for her. "What's wrong?" 

 "Oh…sorry. Just a message from my mom." Trisha glanced down at her cell phone. Not now…come on, Trisha, don't go to him! Have some willpower!The cheerleader gulped. She already knew what he wanted, and even the thought of it sent a slight shudder of eagerness through her body. But she couldn't go now. 

 "I have cheerleading practice until 5. I have to change afterwards." 

 Then she put the phone back in her locker, and was just about to shut it when the phone rang again; Dan had already replied. 

 "No. Come out now, slut. Keep your cheerleading outfit on. We'll have some fun." 

 Trisha closed her eyes. She remembered Dan's words on Friday: he had told Trisha that she was his slut &ndash; that she would do whatever he wanted. At the time she had dismissed it; just something that some guy says, in the heat of the moment, trying to talk dirty to her. But now she realized that Dan had been right: here she was, thinking about ditching cheerleading practice just because he asked her to. Don't do it!The cheerleader's mind whirled. It's just sex, for God's sake! Don't do it!But even as she shouted those thoughts in her mind, over and over, she heard herself open her mouth and say: 

 "Um…Mandy, sorry but I think I'll be a few minutes late. Can you tell Coach Pennings?" 

 Mandy smiled. "Yeah, no problem Trisha. See you in a bit!" Then she was gone, her short blonde hair a blur flying out the door. Trisha took a deep breath, then grabbed her purse and her phone, and headed towards the door too. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror: a petite cheerleader, barely over five feet tall, with a slender body, light brown eyes and a pouty face framed by wavy brown hair that tumbled over her shoulders. Her cheerleader's blouse was tight and snug, hugging her dainty frame. Her 32C-cup tits bulged against the stretchy fabric, and her slim waist was exposed too; the top stopped an inch or too above her belly button. The pleats of her cheerleading miniskirt swished around her thighs, accentuating her firm ass, curvy in contrast to her slender waist and legs. 

 Trisha took a deep sigh, then slowly walked out the door. She was lying to both Britney and Mandy now, but somehow, the only thing that she could concentrate on was the thought of Dan's dick, pounding deep inside of her… 

 *** 

 The cheerleader's guilt followed her all the way into the parking lot. Even as Dan's car pulled up to the curb, half of her wanted to run away, back to the football field, back to her friends. All I feel now is guilty…I can't take it!But then the window slid down, and she caught a glance of Dan's face. 

 The lifeguard was wearing a pair of sunglasses, his mouth fixed in a big smile, his hair short and curly. His tan, muscular body was clothed in a plain T-shirt and ripped jeans. It's funny…Trisha thought as she climbed into his car. This isn't how I picture Dan at all.When she thought of Dan, all she saw in her mind was how he looked when he was fucking her &ndash; naked and sweaty, fierce, with an almost crazed look on his face as he bent over her. It was weird to see him clothed and normal, looking like a regular person. She almost didn't recognize him. 

 "Wow." Dan was stealing sidelong glances at her as he drove. "Damn, Trisha. I don't remember these outfits when I was in school. You look very cute, my slut." 

 As soon as the car had pulled away from the curb, Dan's hand was already on the cheerleader's slender, bare thigh, gently stroking it, sliding under the pleated hem of Trisha's miniskirt. Instantly, the girl's frustration with herself began to melt away, and she let out a soft sigh and shuddered slightly at the feeling of his hand. She couldn't help it; her body had already come to identify the touch of his hand with the feeling of his cock inside of her, it was already anticipating another incredible orgasm. Part of her was still desperately trying to remember her broken promise to Britney, her lies to Mandy. But it was so hard to think of anything but his hand, sliding so close to her pussy, and his body, pressing her down and pumping deep inside of her. 

 Oh, by the way," Dan grinned as he turned onto another street. "We're going to a motel room. It's only a few blocks away." 

 "Oh…we are? Why can't we just…ohhh…." Trisha never got to finish her question. Dan's hand had slid further up her legs, brushing against her panties, teasing the snug, bulging pussy beneath it. The cheerleader whimpered softly as the lifeguard's hand lightly stroked back and forth, egging her on with slight touches against her cunt, already growing wet. Trisha didn't manage another question for the rest of the car ride. 

 *** 

 "We're here." Dan's car pulled to a stop in a small parking lot. Trisha was grinding gently on the passenger car seat, her legs tense and spread wide, her eyes closed and her bottom lip trembling. Dan's hand was still buried under her skirt, nestled in her panties, and the cheerleader's twat was dripping wet, her entire body burning with her desire for more after being teased the entire car ride over. 

 Thank God!Trisha opened the car door and was about to leap out, when Dan suddenly grabbed her shoulder, and began pulling something over her eyes. 

 "Wha…what's going on?" 

 "It's a blindfold," the lifeguard said, grinning. "I'm putting it on." 

 "Wait…w-why…" Trisha wanted to ask him why she had to wear a blindfold, or even to tell him to stop. But it was so damn hard to piece together a sentence with his fingers buried in her pussy, dipping so deliciously in her tender, soaked flesh, rubbing through her panties, teasing her petite body with jolts and twinges of pleasure. Instead, she was silent as Dan finished pulling the cloth over her eyes. All she could see now was black, and she waited silently in the car until she felt Dan's hands around her dainty waist, guiding her out of the car. 

 The cheerleader could feel the sun on her skin as she let Dan guide her across the parking lot, her miniskirt flouncing around her ass. His hands were around her waist, and even as they walked together, she felt his fingers sliding down, sneaking under the waistband of her cheerleading skirt. Her body flushed at his touch and her pussy cried out for more, but she squirmed in protest. 

 "Dan!" she said, softly. "People can see!" 

 "There's no one here, Trisha," he whispered back, and his hand slid an inch further under her miniskirt, lightly grazing her panties, his fingertips deliciously close to her soft cunt 

 "Ohh…" she whimpered, "…no, Dan, stop!" 

 "All right, all right," he said. "The room's here." 

 Trisha heard a door creak open, and Dan guided her in, shutting it behind them. As soon as the door clicked shut, the cheerleader felt both of his hands slide further into her skirt, pressing gently against her soaked cunt. Alone at last, no longer out in the open, Trisha gave in to her lust, and she sank back against Dan and softly moaned her pleasure. 

 "Ohhhh yesss…" The cheerleader began to lightly grind against Dan's prowling fingers, pressing them even deeper into her twat, shivering with the twinges of pleasure that ran through her slender frame. 

 "Take off your panties, Trisha," Dan commanded, his fingers still deep in her cunt, gently grinding into her. 

 Still blindfolded, the cheerleader hurriedly obeyed, slipping her hands under her miniskirt, blindly fumbling for her panties until she found the hem, then tugging them quickly down her bare, slender legs. Daintily, she stepped out of them one foot at a time, untangling them from her tennis shoes, leaving them in a little pile below her feet. 

 "That's a good girl, Trisha," Dan said softly, still behind her. His fingers were now sliding up against her naked, tender cunt, fluttering her skirt's pleats as they moved, teasing her, barely pressing into the tender flesh even though she ached for more. "Does it feel good?" 

 "Yes…yes…" Trisha whimpered into the darkness. "God, it feels amazing…" 

 "Do you want to be fucked too, Trisha? Do you want a good, long fucking?" 

 "Yes…" Trisha nodded, lost in the feeling of his fingers in her cunt. She gave in to the pleasure, letting it wash over her body, building inside of her, filling her with a hungry excitement, picturing the wild, fierce fucking she was about to receive. Her breathing was fast, her entire body quivered with lust. "Please, Dan…" She heard a soft snicker as she shamelessly begged him. It was from Dan, of course &ndash; who else would it be? &ndash; but it didn't quite sound like him. 

 "You know, Trisha," Dan said, chuckling. "I don't know if one cock is enough for a slut like you. You might need many cocks, to please you." 

 Huh?Trisha blinked against the blindfold, confused. "I…um…" 

 The cheerleader was leaning against Dan now, her legs spread and trembling, her own hand now wrapped around his and guiding it even deeper into her cunt, driving further towards her carnal desire. Trisha was panting quietly, grinding and rocking her slender hips against his hand. She heard a snicker again, from Dan, but then she heard something else. It was another laugh, but it was slightly different; the voice was slightly higher, and more distant. It sounded like someone else. Something wasn't right. Even through the cloud of her lust, Trisha started to feel nervous. 

 "Dan…? What…what's going on?" 

 "Take a look, Trisha." And with that, the lifeguard swept off the blindhold. 

 Trisha blinked a couple times, and then gasped. The motel room was cramped, with a single bed in the center. She and Dan were on one side of the bed, near the door. On the other side, half a dozen guys, all about the same age as Dan, were standing and watching her, grinning. The cheerleader recognized one or two of them from the beach, and she suddenly realized that they must be other lifeguards. Dan's friends from work. 

 Oh my God!The petite cheerleader blushed a fierce crimson as she felt six pairs of eyes sweep up and down her body. She could see the desire in each of their faces as they took in the sight: an eighteen-year-old cheerleader, barely five feet tall, with a slender waist and hips, and a perky, 32C set of tits. Her cheerleaders' blouse was tight against her chest, and her boobs bulged out at them, two round, soft handfuls rising from a slim, petite figure. The zippered top stopped a couple inches above her hips, showing off her smooth, taut waist. Her discarded panties were piled on the floor between her feet, so they all knew that her naked cunt was covered only by her pleated miniskirt, fluttering out around her ass, stopping near the tops of her thighs and showing off her dainty legs. Trisha was still trembling against Dan, leaning against him as he plunged his fingers into her pussy, so wet with lust that she could feel some of her juices dribbling down her uncovered leg. Her sweet, girl-next-door face was locked in an expression of desperate lust. She was overwhelmed with lit, but even so, she couldn't ignore her embarrassment. 

 "Dan…what's g-going on…?" She stammered out. What's happening?? Were they waiting for us?"I…don't under &ndash; " 

 But Trisha never got to finish the sentence. Dan shoved her forward, and the cheerleader let out a yelp as she tumbled onto the bed, catching herself on her hands. The lifeguard's strong arms quickly grasped her legs and lifted them onto the bed. Then he hitched up her cheerleader's miniskirt, flipping it over her waist. Trisha was now positioned doggy-style on the bed, on her hands and knees, her naked, soaked pussy waiting for him. Her mind was divided, half of it still clouded with lust, half now wild with fright and confusion. The cheerleader turned her head to face Dan. 

 "Dan…" she pleaded again, trying her best to contain her lust, to stop the scene before it got out of control. "What are they doing here..? What's going on?" 

 Dan just unbuckled his belt and dropped his pants, and even in her fright Trisha felt her heart skip a beat at the familiar sight of his gorgeous cock, thick and hard, ready for her once again. He laughed. "They're all here to give you what you need, Trisha. Every one of them." 

 The rest of the men laughed too, and Trisha turned back to see that they were beginning to surround her, some walking around the bed, some climbing next to her on top of it. The cheerleaders' eyes widened in shock. What??? What did Dan tell them about me?? Are they expecting me to…to…and with all of them?? 

 But she already knew the answer. One of the lifeguards, who had clambered onto the bed in front of her, was now unzipping his fly, and Trisha could see a large bulge emerge as he stared down at her petite frame. At the same moment, she felt Dan's hands on her waist, and then that familiar, wonderful feeling: the tip of his cock against her cunt, positioned and ready to stuff her full, filling her body with an animalistic hunger. But the cheerleader's mind was whirling, and she tried to concentrate. This is crazy! There's seven of them!! What do they expect me to do?? 

 She couldn't come up with anything to do but stare in shocked silence as the unknown lifeguard in front of her pulled down his pants, revealing a thick, throbbing cock. He was grinning down at her, sprawled across the bed on her hands and knees, as he slowly inched forward until the tip of his meat was inches from her lips. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 13 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Well, Trisha? Be a good slut and suck the man's cock." A ripple of snickers ran through the room in response to Dan's command. 

 "Wait…no…Dan, h-hold on…" Trisha stammered. She didn't even know what she was going to say. What am I supposed to do? Why didn't he tell me beforehand? 

 But just then, without even asking, without a single word of warning, Dan bucked forward into the frightened cheerleader, and immediately every thought disappeared from Trisha's mind. His cock plunged into her tight cunt, stretching her open, thick and hard against her soaked, tender flesh. Trisha jolted as she felt him thrust into her, and immediately, instinctively, she rocked back against him, burying him even further inside her warm pussy. 

 "Ohhhhh…" Trisha let out a long, loud whimper as she felt him fill her. She couldn't help it; he had teased her the entire drive here, so that she was practically quivering with lust, so horny that her pussy juices were dribbling down her bare thigh. Her eyes brightened as she felt his grip tighten around her slim waist, preparing to pump ferociously into her, and she grabbed handfuls of the bedspread as she readied herself. For a moment, she forgot entirely about the rest of the room, about all the strangers watching her, and all she could think about was Dan's hard fucking. Her entire body was trembling with anticipation, her cunt stuffed full of his cock, waiting for him to begin bucking into her with the same force and strength that had made her scream with joy so many times before. But it never came. 

 Dan's dick was still buried in her twat, his hand still around her waist, but he wasn't moving his hips or thrusting into her. Instead, he was grinning down at her. He was waiting for something. 

 "I said suck his cock, Trisha. Suck it now." His command was harsh and firm. 

 Silent, trembling, the cheerleader stared at the thick cock in front of her. Dan's meat was so deep in her, so big and hard, but he wasn't fucking her the way he always did, the way her pussy was crying out for. The lifeguard's teasing fingers had already driven her out of her mind with lust, and now it was rising in her body, taking over her fright and replacing it with an eager hunger. Her pussy needed to be pounded. God…I'm so horny…Instinctively, she began to rock her petite frame against his hips, trying to drive his cock in and out of her cunt as best as she could, the bed creaking with her efforts. A tiny whimper escaped her lips as she tried her best to pump herself on his tool. But just then, Dan's hands clamped down harder on her waist, forcing her to stay still, now with his cock only halfway inside her desperate twat. 

 "No, Trisha. I told you to suck his cock. And you won't get fucked until you do as you're told." 

 Dan's command rang through her ears: Suck his cock. No! They're all strangers!But her body was burning with desire; all she wanted was for him to fuck her. Why was he teasing her? 

 "Please…" Trisha meant to ask Dan to tell his friends to leave; she meant to say Please…let's be alone…I only want you to fuck me…But her lust was taking over her quivering body; it was fogging up her mind. All that came out was the last few words, in a soft, pleading whimper: "Please…fuck me…" 

 "No." Dan's voice was even more firm, and was starting to sound a little irritated. "Not until you suck his cock." And then, suddenly, Trisha gasped as she felt him pull all the way out of her. Noo!!Her pussy had never felt so empty in her life; driven wild and wet by his fingers, tender and aching for him, then teased with his full length…only for him to pull out completely a few seconds later. This was torture! Oh God, oh God…I want his cock! I need it!The cheerleader already knew what she had to do. 

 Slowly, silently, Trisha leaned forward, parted her lips, and gently took the tip of the second lifeguard's cock into her mouth, sucking gently, coating it with her slobber. He groaned loudly as he felt her slurp on his meat, and the rest of the room murmured with approval. Dan kept his word; a second later, the cheerleader finally got her reward. His hips began to rock slowly against hers, driving his thick tool deep, back into her dripping cunt. Yes…finally!!The cheerleader let out a muffled squeal of pleasure as Dan began to pump in and out of her, and in response, she leaned further forward, gulping down even more of the cock in her mouth, her soft lips wrapping around it, her tongue lightly grazing the bottom of his shaft. 

 "Ohhh…fuck," the lifeguard groaned, staring down at the cheerleader, and he slowly thrust his meat deeper against her lips, watching his shaft disappear into her mouth. 

 "Yeah, what'd I fucking tell you?" Dan bragged from behind her, his hands still on her waist, bucking his cock into her soaked twat. "She's a good little cocksucker, isn't she?" 

 "So good…fuck yeah man...." The lifeguard grinned down at Trisha, watching the whimpering cheerleader rock back and forth between him and Dan, her lips stretched wide, slurping noisily on his meat, her mouth wet and hot, her tongue soft and slippery against his dick. The petite girl had been so hesitant at first, but now that she was doing it, now that she was getting fucked like she had begged for, it seemed that she was losing her reluctance. She had taken almost all of his cock into her mouth, the tip pressing up against her throat, the rest of his shaft filling and stretching her mouth. Her lips smacked as they slid back and forth on his meat, rocking in rhythm with Dan's fucks and her muffled moans. 

 One by one, the rest of the men were reaching for the growing bulges in their pants, massaging their eager cocks through their pants. For now they admired the sight in front of them: a dainty little brunette, on her hands and knees and still in her cheerleading outfit, taking two cocks at once, rocking back and forth on the bed as one lifeguard pounded her twat while another plunged his rod into her open mouth. Rocking one way would bury Dan's meat even deeper in her cunt, while the other way would send her lips gliding deep down the cock in her mouth. 

 Trisha was lost in lust, relishing each of Dan's thrusts, pushing and pumping into her twat, hard and thick against her tender canal. Yes! Yes!Her body had almost burst with desire for Dan; now he was giving it to her exactly the way she loved, fast and deep and rough. She would have been crying her pleasure out loud, but since her mouth was busy, they were only muffled moans and sloppy, loud slurps, as the cheerleader did her best to work both cocks at once. Her heart was still thumping at the thought of all these strangers, at the shock of finding herself surrounded in an unknown hotel room &ndash; but the cheerleader was quickly losing herself to the feeling of Dan's cock in her twat. 

 "Oh fuck…that's so good…she's so good…" 

 "Yeah," one of the men watching said. "That mouth looks really fucking nice." The rest muttered their approval, their voices mixing with Trisha's soft whimpers and groans and the wet sounds of her lips around the lifeguard's cock. 

 "You think that's good?" Dan said loudly. "You gotta feel her pussy." He grinned proudly at the rest of the group. "Hey, Sam. Come here. I'm serious. Feel how tight she is." 

 Trisha's mouth was still full and she was still facing the other lifeguard, but she felt Dan's grip loosen on her slim waist, and his cock slowly slid out of her pussy. Her dripping cunt felt empty, and she immediately wanted more, her body ached to be filled again. But only a few seconds later, she felt someone else behind her. Sam had practically sprinted over to the bedside, wrenching off his pants and positioning himself behind the petite cheerleader, grabbing her hips just like Dan. Trisha's mind flashed with panic. Wait!!He wasn't even going to ask her! Were they just going to pass her around like a common whore? W-wait…wait a minute!!In an instant, Trisha's panic returned, and she turned her head, letting the cock in her mouth slither out. She began to squirm against his grip, and opened her mouth to protest. Stop! 

 But before the cheerleader could say a word, Sam's cock was already pressed up against her cunt. He was too eager to take his time. In the next instant, he slammed the full length of his dick into her soaked twat. At the same moment, Trisha felt hands around her head; the lifeguard in front of her still wanted more, and he was pulling her mouth back towards his cock. Trisha's eyes popped open as his cock pushed past her lips, stretching them open and once more sliding deep into her warm mouth. At the same second, Sam bucked a second time into her cunt, and the force sent her reeling forward on the bed, her forehead ramming into the chest of the lifeguard in front of her, and scrunching her nose against his pubes. Her slobbery lips flew down to the base of his cock, thrusting his meat deep into her throat. Surprised, Trisha gagged on his length. 

 "Ohhhh!!!" Sam moaned, and the other lifeguard let out a wild groan as his hands flew to the back of Trisha's head. The cheerleader felt his strength, and his fingers burrowed in her hair; he was holding her down, keeping her nose pressed against his crotch and her lips locked around the base of his cock. Instinctively, she tried to pull back, gagging again, her breathing cut off, her throat convulsing and her mouth squirming against his shaft. But he was too strong, and he kept his hands firm around her head, forcing her to stay with his dick buried in her throat. Trisha's eyes widened and her choking grew louder, drool spilling out of her struggling lips, until at last the hands let her go, and the cheerleader wrenched back, taking a deep breath. Her slobber, now everywhere from her gag reflex, dribbled off the cock and onto the bedspread. 

 "Holy shit! Holy shit!!!" Sam was still bucking ferociously into Trisha, his dick stuffed deep in her cunt, his hips wild and frenzied as he fucked. The cheerleader could hear the slap of his balls against her. He was pounding into her with all his strength, each thrust reverberating through her little body, punishing her tight pussy. 

 Again the cheerleader turned her head to look back at him, desperately intending to wrench herself out of his grasp. He didn't even ask me!But then she caught a glimpse of his face, tan and freckled. It was locked in an expression of pure ecstasy, and he was staring down at Trisha's firm ass and slim hips, his eyes fixated, his pupils so wide she thought they would pop out of their sockets. His entire body was tense; it was like he was trying to use every single one of his muscles to drive his cock into the cheerleader's pussy. His force was rocking her entire body back and forth on the bed, making it creak and shake with her movements. Wow… he's so rough…just like Dan…just the way I like it…As she felt him grinding into her, filling her, pounding her, her lust was beginning to build again. Ohhh…A tiny moan escaped her lips, Trisha felt herself slowly start the same rocking motion again, one way letting Sam bury his dick inside of her, the other way slurping back down on the soaked rod in her mouth. Back and forth, the two men resumed fucking the cheerleader from both ends, filling her cunt and stretching her lips, this time while Dan watched from the side of the bed. 

 "Don't think Sam's gonna last very long!" he said, laughing. 

 He was right. Trisha could hear his grunts growing louder and fiercer, and each thrust of his cock seemed harder than the last, pumping so deep inside of her, thick and throbbing in her little body. She could hear him panting like a wild man, his meat slamming her cunt with such ferocity that she knew he wouldn't be able to keep it up, that he had been driven into a frenzy by his lust for the cheerleader's petite body, for her soft, delicious pussy. Trisha was surprised to find a shudder of lust running through her body at the thought. He's like some crazed animal, pounding into me…he can't get enough of my pussy!The rest of the room was laughing at his eagerness. 

 "Hey Sam!" Dan called out. "Remember the rules! Don't cum in her pussy!" 

 "Ahhhh!" All of a sudden, Sam yanked his cock out of Trisha's swollen cunt and raced around to her front, frantically pushing the other lifeguard out of the way. He was planning to cum in Trisha's mouth, but he didn't make it. 

 "URGHH!!" With a loud groan, Sam wrapped one hand around his cock and let loose a long stream of cum, spraying it across Trisha's surprised face. The stream impacted across the bridge of her nose, warm and heavy on her skin, a bit splattering into her eyelashes, and started to dribble down towards her lips. Sam, apparently giving up on making it into her mouth, shuddered gently as another rope of cum gushed onto her forehead, thick and gooey, and a third splashed onto her right cheek. Trisha had opened her mouth in shock, and now Sam's fourth, final stream of cum shot straight in, spraying drops of the salty spunk across her tongue. 

 Panting and spent, he took a step back, and the seven lifeguards were left admiring Trisha. The petite cheerleader was sprawled across the bed, on her hands and knees, her perky tits bulging out of her tight blouse, her pleated miniskirt hitched around her waist. Her face was covered in a load of cum, already streaming past her lips and dribbling down her chin. Trisha glanced around and realized that all of them now had their pants at their knees and their cocks out. Seven stiff, pulsing dicks, with seven hands stroking them as they stared down at her, forming a semicircle around the bed. They're all waiting for their turn with me, she suddenly realized. And two of those cocks have already been inside me… 

 Sam's pounding had been incredible vicious, and Trisha half-expected to find herself sore and exhausted. But instead, her twat was only tender and wet, aching for more, crying out for another hard cock to fill her. A slight shudder ran through Trisha, and she realized that her body was flushed and hot, practically trembling with lust. Her entire body felt empty, now that Sam was no longer plunging into her. It was the sight of each of those cocks, she realized, ready for her, waiting to pound into her from every direction. Their faces were hungry with desire; their muscles tense and ready to pounce on her little body, ready to take her and ravish her. It was almost too much to bear. Every single one of them had grown rock hard at the sight of her lithe, slender frame, at the way she had moaned and whimpered around the cock in her mouth, at the way Sam's cum was dripping down her cute, pouty face. They're all thinking about fucking me now…about what it would it would feel like to be inside of me… 

 Before, the sight of all of them in the room, the sheer number of them, crowded and excited, had scared her. But now, as she stared at their cocks, she couldn't even remember what she was frightened of. Now, the thought of servicing each and every one of them was the hottest, naughtiest scene Trisha could imagine, and it thrilled her. The cheerleader quickly licked her lips, lapping up the cum that had flowed over them, and then, with a loud gulp, swallowed Sam's spunk. A shiver of eager, carnal lust ran through her as she savored the salty-sweet flavor of his cum, and without even thinking, without even a moment's pause, the cheerleader closed her eyes and softly whimpered out: 

 "Please…I want more…" 

 For a moment, all of the lifeguards &ndash; even Dan &ndash; were too shocked to move. The dainty cheerleader looked so innocent, barely five feet tall, her face sweet and cute. Barely half an hour ago, she had been led into the room blindfolded, unaware that they were even waiting for her. Now here she was, spread out on the bed on her hands and knees, freshly fucked by two cocks, a load of cum splattered her face &ndash; and she was begging for even more! 

 "You heard her, boys!" Dan shouted out, finally. "If she wants more, we'll give it to her!" 

 The cheerleader saw only a flash of movement as the crowd surged towards her, and she let out a yelp as she felt arms and hands all over her body, hungry and wild, lifting her and flipping her over. Trisha was now lying on her back on the bed, her gorgeous tits poking up like two bulging hills, her hair spilling across the bed and her face still dripping with Sam's cum. Even before her eyes refocused, she felt two thick hands grasping her thighs and yanking them into the splits, hoisting them over her petite body and spreading them wide. The cheerleader didn't even have a chance to gasp, as she felt another hard tool pressing up against her cunt. It sank into her easily, stabbing into her tender flesh, plunging deep and sending a wave of pleasure through her body. 

 "Ohhh…" she moaned, and frantically, she tried to raise her head to see the face of the third man to fuck her today. But at that same moment, another one was climbing onto the bed, on his knees, and was straddling her chest, so that his body blocked her vision and his cock was dangling above her whimpering mouth. Before she could respond, Trisha felt two hands on the back of her head, and suddenly, he was lifting her face up to his cock, her head now raised above the bed, cradled in his hands with her wavy brown hair dangling. His stiff tool pressed past her unexpecting lips, sinking into her soft mouth. 

 Trisha's cry of pleasure were smothered mid-moan: "Ahhh…ahhh-mmmf!!" The lifeguard was grunting and groaning as he plunged his cock into her mouth, stretching her lips, prodding against her warm tongue. He was using her mouth like a pussy, holding her head in his hands exactly like Dan had been holding her hips while he fucked her, steadying the cheerleader's face for him to plow even further, sinking into her throat. Trisha's moans were now mingled with noisy slurps and gurgles. She could still feel the cock in her cunt, so thick and stiff, working her soaked twat, pumping into her body with strong, rhythmic strokes. The bed creaked back and forth as the two lifeguards stuffed the cheerleader full, her slender legs spread and hoisted in the air, her head flopping back and forth in a stranger's hands as he grinded his hips into her mouth. 

 Her vision was completely cut off by the bucking hips in front of her, but Trisha felt two hands grab each of her wrists, raising her empty hands off the bedspread. Confused, the girl tried to turn her head to see, but she couldn't fight against the hands buried in her hair, keeping her steady. A second later, though, she felt both her hands guided towards hot, hard flesh, and she quickly understood. Blindly, still gulping down the dick in her mouth, the cheerleader wrapped her fingers around the two anonymous cocks, and began to slide up and down, jacking them off. 

 Dan let out a loud whoop, rising above Trisha's muffled moans and the grunts of the rest of the room. Trisha had fulfilled her role as a slut more than he could have ever imagined. The young cheerleader was servicing four cocks at the same time &ndash; one plowing into her soft cunt, one roughly pumping in and out of her mouth, and now two more in her hands, two that she couldn't even see as she slid her fingers up and down their lengths. Her bare, spread legs reared back in forth in the air with the motion of the bed, the shoelaces of her tennis shoes flopping against her ankles. Her arms were stiff in the air too, as she did her best to jack off the two cocks she couldn't see. All the while, Trisha could only think of the feeling of the hard shaft in her twat, pumping so hard and deep, filling her little canal, like a filthy slut deserved. This is so dirty!The cheerleader let out a loud, muffled moan as the thought raced through her head. I'm getting off four guys at once! Four guys I don't even know! Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 13 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Hey, Chuck, hurry up man!" 

 "Yeah, we've got a line here buddy!" 

 Yes!!The cheerleader thrilled at their words. A line…they're all waiting in line to pound into me!The cock in Trisha's cunt plunge extra-deep, his hips hard against her, his balls pressed against her crotch. 

 "Uhh…I'm…almost there, guys!" The man named Chuck was grunting, and his powerful thrusts sped up, gaining even more force. Trisha felt her entire body begin to rock back and forth, like the entire room was moving, as the bed began to sway and creak with Chuck's pumps. 

 "Ahhhh! Yes!!" The cheerleader opened her mouth wide, and a scream burst out of her. She was barely able to concentrate now, the way Chuck was pounding so deep inside of her, stretching and filling her little canal. The third cock in my pussy today!She tried her best to keep jacking off the cocks in her hands, but her fingers began to slip off the shafts, and each time the owner would have to grab her wrists and guide her hands back to their places. 

 "Ahhh! Move man, move!" The cock plowing into Trisha's mouth obeyed, and Trisha caught only a glimpse of Chuck scrambling onto the bed before he too was straddling her face, and his throbbing, red-hot dick pushed deep into her mouth. 

 "UGH!!!" Chuck's grunt was just like Sam's, and Trisha could feel his shaft spasming against her stretched lips as he sent his jism down her throat. His cum began to flood into the cheerleader's mouth, stream after thick stream, and Trisha frantically gulped it down to keep it from overflowing out of her lips. He had only had a chance to thrust himself halfway into her mouth before he came, and now Trisha sweetly leaned forward and slurped the rest of his length down, letting him enjoy the feeling of being buried in her throat while his cock continued to spasm in his climax. 

 "Ohhh…" Chuck grinned down at her, and she winked back up. But even before he had finished cumming, another lifeguard had taken his place at the edge of the bed, and Trisha's body flushed as the next cock slid into her throbbing cunt. This one was slower, and not as fierce, but the thrusts were just as delicious, sliding against her tender canal, letting the petite cheerleader relish every inch of his thickness inside of her. Chuck took a moment to savor the feeling of Trisha's throat wrapped around his cock, but finally he pulled out, and the cheerleader's lips popped off his shaft with an audible smack.As soon as he rolled off her, exhausted, Trisha could feel the bed bouncing as two more clambered on. Both of them had wanted to take Chuck's place, straddling her face and viciously fucking her soft mouth. Their dicks were rock-hard after watching three cocks fuck the petite cheerleader, and neither of them wanted to wait. 

 "I'll go first, man." 

 "No way. I got to her first." 

 They're fighting over me… They were kneeling on the bed, on either side of Trisha's face, their cocks dangling over each of her cheeks. As the cheerleader looked up, she could see that they were both glaring at each other, demanding to be the first one inside her sweet mouth. Trisha giggled, and even as they were still arguing she reached up and took both of their rods in her hands, wrapping her fingers around their shafts. Immediately, they both fell silent, staring down at her in shock. That shut them up!Thoroughly enjoying herself, Trisha flashed a grin. 

 Slowly, eagerly, she leaned to the left, and took that cock in, gentle and soft, running her flat tongue across the bottom of his shaft, enjoying the shudder that ran through his body has he did it. With a slobbery popshe slipped his meat back out of her lips, then, with a grin, turned to the right, and plunged the other dick into her mouth, greedily gulping it down too, covering it with her saliva. She kept one hand wrapped around each cock, hanging just inches over her face, switching between them, jacking one off while she slurped up and down the other. 

 Trisha felt hands sliding under her back, gripping her dainty waist, and her body was slowly rocked back and forth on the bed by the lifeguard fucking her, pulling her petite hips forward to meet his rod full-on, her pussy engulfing his shaft, wrapping around it like a soft, tight sleeve. Her tits jiggled in her blouse as she switched back and forth between the two cocks in her hands, letting them both feel her plump lips slide down their shafts. 

 The cheerleader still hadn't cleaned the load of cum off her face, and she could feel the sticky streams drying on her nose and cheeks. She had turned to the right now, her body gently swaying back and forth on the bed, her swollen pussy stuffed to the brim with a hard cock, and she eagerly gulped down the dick to her right into her mouth, steadying him with her hand, bobbing back and forth as her lips glided across the soaked shaft. She could feel his meat throbbing against her lips, each pulse exciting her lust even more, her tongue hungrily lapping at the underside of his shaft as she stuffed it into her mouth. The cheerleader took a deep breath, and then dipped her head forward, throating the full length of the cock, feeling it shimmy down her throat, halfway to her stomach, stretching her slobbery lips wide. Trisha kept that position for a few seconds, holding her breath, before pulling him back out, and before she could even catch a breath she turned to the left and popped the other cock into her mouth, slurping up and down greedily, too excited to pause even for a moment. Both of their shafts were coated in a thick sheet of her drool, and her fingers were slick with it too, sliding across their throbbing lengths as she took each of them into her mouth in turn. 

 All the while, the third lifeguard continued to pump her cunt with slow and steady strokes, his dick stretching and prodding her open, filling the petite cheerleader's twat completely. The cheerleader moaned through her slurping; soft, muffled noises that rang through the room and egged on the three men that were violating her. Trisha had never felt so dirty before, so unbelievably slutty: sprawled across a hotel bed, her legs spread for each lifeguard to pound into her soft pussy. Both her hands were holding a cock, and the cheerleader was whipping her head back and forth to service both of them, hungrily slurping on their lengths, throating them each in turn, enjoying the feeling of her lips wrapping around their throbbing shafts. Her eyes were fixed on their faces, watching both of them, drinking in their expressions as they eagerly stared down at her in awe and lust, waiting their turn to plunge into her mouth. They were staring down at her just like the rest of them, crowded around the bed, taking in the sight of her dainty body being fucked and rocked across the blanket. Her excitement was building; the only thing that could make her stop sucking one cock was the chance to turn her head and eagerly gulp the other one down. 

 I'm so nasty!The cheerleader's body shivered at the thought, nearly bursting with lust, rocking back and forth on the bed as a random cock plowed into her. I can't believe how slutty this is…my face covered in cum…my pussy being ravished by every cock in the room…A spasm of pleasure raced through Trisha's stuffed twat, flowing through the rest of her red-hot body. This is hotter than anything I could have imagined! I'm the dirtiest slut ever!The thoughts eagerly raced through the cheerleader's mind. The nastiest, naughtiest slut of all… 

 "Yes!" she cried out, taking a break from sucking the two cocks just long enough to scream out her pleasure. "God, yes!!" 

 Trisha heard Dan's voice rising above the grunts and moans, responding to her. "You like that, Trisha? How does that cock feel?' 

 "Ohhh!!" she shouted back, rocking back and forth on the bed, jacking off both of the soaked rods in her hands before plunging one of them back into her mouth. 

 "You're a little slut, Trisha, aren't you?" Dan knew exactly what turned the petite cheerleader on, and what to say. As she pumped and bucked on the bed, she drank in every word he yelled. "You're a dirty little slut!" 

 "Yes!!!" She could feel the hands around her waist gripping her tighter, with carnal eagerness, yanking her back and forth, drawing her into the thick, hard rod that pounded into her tight cunt. The cheerleader's head was swinging back and forth, her lips plunging down on one cock, burying the shaft in her mouth for one long moment, then just like that switching to the other one, gulping it down, slurping and moaning noisily. 

 Then, as she rocked back and forth, sucking and moaning and fucking, she felt a pair of fingers reaching between her legs, towards the cock that was thrusting deep into her pussy. Immediately, she knew it was Dan, and she opened her mouth wide and let out a wild scream of pleasure as she felt his hand close around her bulging clit. 

 "Ohhhh YES!!" 

 "Yeah, slut!" Dan shouted, his fingers now gliding over her red clit, rocking along with the little cheerleader's body. "Keep sucking those cocks!" 

 Trisha did as he said, turning back and forth, her hair flopping as she did it, slurping down both the cocks as deep and as fast as she could. Dan's fingers on her clit were so incredible, gently grinding into them, tender but firm, driving wave after wave of pleasure crashing over the ravaged cheerleader's body. She was having trouble concentrating now, unable to service all of these cocks at once; her slippery fingers began to slide off their rods, her lips were slobbery as she moaned and slurped. Trisha's pleasure was thrusting through her, carnal and uncontrolled, and she couldn't stop scream after scream from bursting out of her even as she sucked, causing her to gag and drool. 

 "Yes! Ohhhhh! Yes, yes, yes!!" 

 Dan's fingers on her clit sped up, grinding into the swollen nub, tweaking and stoking her pleasure. Suddenly the cock in her twat was fucking her harder and faster, too, pumping Trisha's body back and forth on the bed, her legs swinging, her tits flailing in their tight blouse. The two of them were filling her with an incredible lust, and the cheerleader burst out with an ear- splitting scream. 

 "YESSS!!! OH GOD YESS!!" Trisha could feel the pleasure overwhelming her violated, ravished body; one cock balls-deep in her soaked pussy, two more in her hands, each thrusting into her soft mouth in turn, interrupting her screams, spearing down her throat. Dan was working her clit so hard, and the cheerleader was panting, barely able to keep up with the lust throbbing through her. Ohhh…ohhh!!!She could feel the lust in all of them too, throbbing through their hard dicks, ready for her, all working together to fill her with pleasure, all waiting to pound into her from every direction. She could feel them hovering over her, watching her fuck, pushing and jostling to be next. She couldn't wait; she would fuck them, and suck them, and jack them off, and swallow all their cum…ohhh…it's too much!! 

 "OHHHHHH YESSSSS!!!!" 

 The cheerleader's back arched and her chest heaved as her orgasm raced through her. She could feel her pussy tightening and convulsing around the cock pounding deep into her, and it was sending powerful, endless spikes of pleasure coursing through her, sending her into her own world of carnal lust. Her hoisted, spread legs were jolting uncontrollably in her climax, her feet flailing, her toes curled in her tennis shoes, her hips thrashing, her lips trembling. She was reduced to panting and yelping now, completely out of breath, unable to do anything but tremble and flail in the throes of her orgasm. 

 "Woohoo!" 

 "Fuck yeah!" 

 "What a whore!" 

 The rest of the room shouted and whooped as they watched the petite cheerleader thrash across the bed in her orgasm. Trisha closed her eyes and felt the pleasure wash over her, listening to their shouts. Yes, I am a whore!she thought, even as her body continued to quiver and the waves of lust rushed through her. A dirty whore, who wants all of these cocks, just for her!Dan's fingers were still gently grinding into her little clit. She could feel the two cocks, thick and throbbing in her hands, and the third one, pounding her pussy, hard and fast, so deep that it felt like it was piercing her in two. A naughty slut, who just wants all of these cocks to fuck her! Every single one… 

 *** 

 And Trisha got exactly what she wanted. One by one, the lifeguards each took their turn with the cheerleader's bright red, soaked cunt, pumping the petite girl's body hard, each one sending her into wails and whimpers of lust. Trisha lost track of how many times she gulped a cock into her mouth; how many times someone grabbed her head and thrust his meat past her lips, fucking her face just as hard as her violated twat; how many times she wrapped her saliva-soaked fingers around a shaft and guided it deep into her mouth and down her throat. She lost track of time altogether; the only she could think about was all the cocks pounding into her little body, from both ends, sending her into wild quivers and throes of pleasure, enjoying the feeling of her pussy stuffed full, relishing her own incredible sluttiness. 

 Her lips ached, and so did her legs, hoisted and spread in the air for so long &ndash; but she didn't care. All the cheerleader wanted was more; every time a cock slipped out of her mouth she eagerly swung her head around, searching for another one to slurp down, and whenever someone finally stopped plunging into her twat, her petite body trembled and ached to be filled again. Trisha had never experienced anything like this before; her body overwhelmed and taken with lust, completely violated, a crazed, wild teen lost in pleasure, her only desire to take as many dicks as her little body could handle. 

 All of the men obeyed the rules too, always refraining from cumming in her pussy. But no one else made it into her mouth before they came; they didn't have that much self-control. They would each clamber onto the bed when they were about to climax, throbbing dick in hand, dangling just inches over Trisha's mouth. Then they would catch the sight of her sweet, eighteen-year-old face locked in an expression of wild lust, rocking back and forth on the bed as some random cock plowed hard into her cunt, whimpering and yelping with pleasure, her big brown eyes sparkling as they feasted on the sight of a hard cock, her pouty lips open and begging for cum. At that moment, they couldn't hold it, and each of them would unleash their cum across the petite cheerleader's face; thick streams of white spunk that ran in lines across her forehead and nose, streaming down her cheeks, more ropes dangling across her open lips and dribbling down her chin. 

 By the end, Trisha was covered in a thick mask of cum, blanketing her cute face; not a single bit of skin was left uncovered by the gooey jism. There were long splatters of the sticky stuff drying in her hair, and some drops had even splashed into her eyes, wide and eager and wild with lust, happy to leave the cum plastered on her face, feeling it pour down her cheeks and her chin. More of it would dribble across the cheerleader's lips as she rocked back and forth on the bed in rhythm with her fucking, and she would sneak out her tongue and lick up the gooey jism, sampling and savoring the taste of six different men. 

 Dan was last. After the other lifeguards had spent themselves, he mounted the bed, grabbing the cheerleader's ankles and pushing them far forward, spreading the cheerleader's flexible, slender legs so far that her legs were parallel to the bed and her feet were practically hanging over her head, as if she was jumping and doing the splits in the air during one of her cheers. The movement raised Trisha's ass off the bed, so that her swollen pussy was now raised and totally vulnerable. Dan leaned forward, putting his weight into keeping Trisha like this; her dainty legs swung back over her body, her knees pressed against her chest, her shoelaces dangling over her cum-coated face, her ass up in the air for him to take. He positioned himself above her, and with a ferocious growl, plunged his hips down and hard, piercing his massive tool into the cheerleader's tender, ravished cunt. 

 "Ohhhhh!!!" Trisha's pouty, cum-coated lips opened wide with her yelp of pleasure. The rest of the room watched in amazement. They had all exhausted themselves, pounding and pumping this petite cheerleader, rocking her back and forth endlessly on the bed, using her little body as much as they desired. Every one of them had felt her hot cunt, snug and tight around their cocks, and her warm mouth slide down and wrap around their shafts. They had all fucked her as hard and deep as they wanted. And yet, through it all, she wailed and moaned in her own lust, greedily grabbing their meat and pulling it towards her open lips, bucking back against them on the bed, drawing their cocks further into her twat, pleading out loud for a new one every time someone pulled out of her. Now, she was sprawled across the bed with her legs hoisted over her like a yoga pose, her face blanketed with their spunk, her cheerleading skirt still hitched around her waist. Dan was powering into her with an incredible roughness, plunging his tool down and deep into her swollen cunt, burying himself in her violated body. And still, she was whimpering and squirming in pleasure, begging for more even as their cum dribbled down her face and into her hair. 

 "Yes, Dan! Oooh, yes! More! Harder!" The cheerleader arched her back and closed her eyes in pleasure, bucking up against Dan as best as she could, urging him to pump even further inside of her. Her little body was swaying back and forth on the bed, her cum-splattered hair tossed across the blanket. Dan was in the prone position over her, his full weight put into plowing his tool into Trisha's tight cunt, and each thrust of his hips sent the girl's ass burrowing into the mattress. The loud squeaks of the mattress springs mixed with the slap of his balls meeting her cunt, his deep grunts of effort and her wild, almost- hoarse cries of pleasure. 

 The lifeguard's hands were still around Trisha's ankles, pushing them as far over her body as he could, her bare legs hoisted over her body, so far that her feet were nearly touching the mattress near her head. The movement rolled the cheerleader's ass up to expose her twat completely to Dan, and now she grabbed her own legs around the backs of her knees and spread them further, showing off her cheerleading flexibility and spreading herself as wide as she could for Dan to thrust inside of her. His cock felt like it was stuffing her entire body full, pumping deep into her pussy, through her chest, spearing all the way into her head, frazzled and wild with lust. Ohhh…he's so powerful! So rough! 

 "Yesss! Ohhhhh Dan! Yes!!!" Her eyes still closed, Trisha's screams echoed through the room. A moment later, she felt Dan's hands leave her ankles, but she kept her own hands around her knees, hoisting her legs over her body, spreading them for Dan, swinging back and forth with the force of his pumps. Then, she felt his fingers groping at her thin, tight cheerleaders' blouse, even as he continued to thrust and pound into her swollen cunt. A second later, he had ripped it open, revealing the cheerleader's gorgeous tits, swaying with the motion of his fucking in her bra. Dan yanked the cups down her chest, and a second later, Trisha felt his firm hands on her naked breasts, squeezing gently, enjoying the feel of her soft skin, his palm against her hard excited nipples, sending sizzles of joy through her chest. The lifeguard grabbed hold of the two generous handfuls, and kept his grip as he began to pump even more ferociously into her, throwing the cheerleader's petite body back and forth on the bed, sending her into a wild frenzy of squeals and screams. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 13 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Ohhhhh! YES! GOD!!" Trisha had never felt so violated, so ravished in her life. Her tits harshly groped and yanked, her lips feeling stretched and tired from sucking so many cocks, her pussy swollen and tender with the effort of taking half a dozen men. The feeling filled her with an excited hunger, and the only relief was to scream her pleasure out to the room, spreading her own legs wide and begging Dan to fuck her even harder. His cock was thick and throbbing, filling her little cunt so perfectly, firm and hot inside her tender canal. She could feel his lust for her radiating through his body, propelling his hips into hers with inhuman strength, burying his meat so deep inside of her that the force shook through the rest of the bed, tossing her back and forth, stuffing her aching body completely with his manhood. 

 Just then, the cheerleader opened her eyes, and glanced around. The rest of Dan's friends were all staring at her, their pants still around their ankles, their eyes wide and their mouths hanging open. Trisha drank in their glances, her lust rising and growing as she stared at each of their faces in turn. Their expressions were a mix of lust and amazement; admiring her lithe, ravaged body as Dan plunged into it, shocked at her sheer nastiness, at the unquenchable lust of this eighteen-year-old slut. They can't believe how dirty I am…Trisha thought, grinning to herself. She found it hard to believe herself, imagining the sight in front of them: a petite cheerleader, her pleated miniskirt still flopping around her waist, her blouse hanging open as Dan fondled her tits. Her flexible legs were split and thrown so far back over her dainty frame that her toes nearly tapped the bedspread above her head every time one of Dan's thrusts sent her body rearing back. Her pussy was swollen and tender, soaking wet after being fiercely pounded by every one of their cocks. Her innocent, pouty face was coated in a drying sheet of their cum, her hair splattered and sticky with white streaks, her plump, soft lips open as scream after scream wrenched through her. 

 "YESS! YESS!" No matter how many times she yelled, Trisha couldn't release the wild, unstoppable lust building up inside of her, racing through her, filling her little body as she arched her back and cried out for more. I'm nothing but a whore!The cheerleader told herself, over and over, relishing the thought as it went through her mind. A nasty slut, a dirty whore… 

 "Fuck yeah, you whore!" Dan's voice was harsh and breathless, but it rang out above the cheerleader's screams. "You like my cock, you whore?" 

 "Yes, Dan, yes!" She shouted back, her pussy swollen and hot, her little body thrilling with each one of his cock's spears inside of her. 

 "You like spreading your own legs for me, slut?" 

 "Yes!" she shouted again, out of her mind with lust, drinking in every one of Dan's taunts. 

 "And you like all that cum on your face, don't you, Trisha? You like all these men taking their turn with you, watching you get fucked like a dirty little slut!" 

 'YES!" She screamed back, at the top of her lungs, and her back arched up off the bed in response, loving everything Dan said, thinking about the six pairs of eyes watching her body getting yanked back and forth on the bed, remembering each of their cocks plowing into her tiny cunt. 

 "OHHH! YESSSS!!!" Trisha was thrashing fiercly now, lost completely to her lust, bucking up against Dan's body, her legs flopping in the air, her chest heaving from her desperate screams. She looked completely wild, overwhelmed by her carnal desires, by the thought of all those cocks pumping into her, of her dirty sluttiness, sending her into a flailing frenzy across the bed as Dan continued to pound her twat. "YESSS!! YESS!!" 

 "Beg for my cum, Trisha!" Dan shouted back. "Beg for me to shoot my load in your pussy!" 

 "PLEASE, DAN!" Trisha wailed, without even a moment's thought. "Please cum in me!!" 

 "What do you want, Trisha?" His cock was throbbing, and she could feel every pulse tight in her soft twat. Her body was rising in excitement, eagerly awaiting his spunk, her heart thumping and her lust coursing through her. Hurry! Hurry! 

 "I want you to cum inside of me!" Her voice was hoarse from so much screaming, but she screamed anyway, and she began to use his words. "Cum inside your little slut! Shoot your load in your dirty whore!" 

 "Tell me, Trisha! Beg me!" 

 She could feel his body tensing, his hands tightening around her perky tits, his hips driving his cock into her twat like a steady jackhammer. 

 "Cum in me, Dan!" Scream after scream, Trisha begged him, until at last, it was only one word. "Cum! Cum! Cum!" 

 "URRRRGH!!!!" Dan's hips drove hard and fast into Trisha, and she felt her bottom half lifted off the bed with his force, rolling her flexible body as if she were trying a backwards somersault, her back raised halfway off the bedspread, her legs tipping over and the tips of her tennis shoes planting in the blanket behind her head. The full length of Dan's cock was buried inside of her, bulging and throbbing in her pussy, and the cheerleader could feel every pulse and spurt as the lifeguard's cum gushed forth. 

 "Cum! Cum!" She kept screaming, even as he was already unloading his spunk inside of her, even as she could feel the hot warmth spreading through her entire body. Her own lust was kicked into another gear, driving through her like a spike. Her carnal pleasure hit her like a wave, rushing over her as she relished Dan's cum flooding her pussy, and it overwhelmed her in an instant. The cheerleader was upside-down and bent and twisted on the bed like a tangled ragdoll, but even so the rest of the room could see her begin to squirm and writhe. 

 "O-OHHHH!!! YESSSS!!!" The cheerleader's dainty frame trembled with the impact of her second orgasm, her pussy convulsing even as Dan's dick continued to spasm, firing endless streams of jism into her ravished cunt. His semen was as hot as her own quivering body. Each spurt would jolt through his cock and into her tender pussy, sending the rest of her into a wild spasm of her own, so that the two of them would jerk and shudder together, like a single body, a single wave. 

 "YES!! YES!! YESSSS!!!!" 

 Trisha drank in the pleasure that flooded her body, letting it wash over her. The cheerleader's mind was blank except for a single image; her petite, dainty frame thrown on the bed, her spread legs sprawled over her, stretched so far that her toes were planted in the blanket by her head, her face coated with cum, her pussy swollen and red. And Dan, animalistic and fierce, bent over her, driving her down into the bed with inhuman strength, filling her little cunt with so much lust that she thought she would burst. 

 "Ahhh…fuck…Trisha…" Dan's grunts were low and harsh, between his jolts and spasms. 

 "Yesss!!! Ohhhh…" 

 At last, Dan untangled himself from Trisha, letting the panting cheerleader swing her exhausted legs back down. He stepped back from the bed, admiring the sight along with the rest of his friends. Trisha's cheerleading miniskirt was bunched up around her slim waist, her perky tits open to the room, bright red in some spots were Dan had grabbed them too hard. Half a dozen batches of cum were drying on her face, a sticky, white blanket that had dribbled down into her hair and across her neck. Trisha's swollen, violated pussy was bright red, and now a bit of Dan's copious load was leaking out of it. 

 Dimly, the cheerleader could hear muttering in the room, the sound of high- fives and laughter. She thought about what Dan had told all his friends about her before; that he had met this gorgeous, cute little girl, this eighteen- year-old cheerleader who was so slutty and horny that she would fuck him whenever he asked her; that she would probably fuck all of them with a little persuasion. She thought about him braggining to them that she would do whatever he wanted her to do &ndash; even getting gangbanged in a hotel room. Now, he was probably saying 'I told you so,' taunting the ones who had refused to believe that a girl that nasty even existed, basking in the glory of making a sweet little cheerleader beg for his cum in front of all his friends. 

 She lay on the bed for a few more minutes, listening to them laugh and joke. Finally, the petite cheerleader stood up. On trembling, weak legs, Trisha slowly made her way towards the motel room's bathroom. Dan's friends were pulling on their jeans, preparing to leave, grinning down at her as she stood, but she didn't pay attention to them. Instead, she slipped into the bathroom, catching her reflection in the mirror. Her face was coated in endless streams of cum from half a dozen men, drizzled across her cheeks and her forehead, her nose and her lips, streaming down her neck onto her slender shoulders. Her long brown hair was completely unruly, and strands of it were plastered across her face, sticky with more ropes of white cum. Her unzipped blouse hung off her dainty frame, revealing her slim waist and her perky chest. Dan had roughly tugged her bra down, so now the cups were bulging her tits into an ample shelf, round and curvy in contrast to her slim body. Her wrinkled miniskirt was stuck to her butt, and the bottom of her asscheeks peeked out the bottom. They didn't even bother to take off my uniform. They just took me…they grabbed me and threw me on the bed and had their way with me. 

 In the other room, she heard the door open; Dan's friends were leaving. But Trisha stayed, still staring at the mirror. The petite cheerleader staring back at her was a violated girl; a dirty slut, who had ditched cheerleading practice to get fucked. Who had been brought unknowingly to a hotel room full of strangers, only to end up happily submitting herself to a seven-man gangbang. She suddenly caught sight of a glistening spot poking out from her miniskirt; trickling down her slender thigh. It was Dan's cum, overflowing out of her pussy. 

 The events of the afternoon played out in her head; remembering her guilt at seeing Britney only a few hours earlier, remembering how she didn't even want to meet Dan at first. And now here she was, flushed and thoroughly ravished, sweaty and sticky with cum. This is what he does to me…somehow he just turns me into some horny, crazy girl…he just brings the slut out of me and I can't control it. 

 "Well, Trisha? Did you enjoy your workout?" 

 Dan walked into the bathroom. The lifeguard was fully clothed again. He was tall and muscular, towering over Trisha in the mirror, looking like a giant in comparison to the petite girl. He was running a hand through his short, curly hair, grinning down at the cum-coated cheerleader. 

 "Clean yourself up Trisha. It's time to go," he said, without waiting for a response. 

 He tossed her a handtowel. Trisha caught it, still staring in the mirror. She took one more thoughtful glance at her face &ndash; sweaty, flushed, dripping and covered in cum &ndash; before finally closing her eyes and running the towel over herself. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 14 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 Even as soon as she woke up, Trisha was already mortified at the day before. The events were so clear now that she replayed it in her mind; her petite body sprawled across the hotel room, her legs spread, her miniskirt bunched around her waist, her back arched as she wailed in pleasure. Surrounded by men, watching her, bearing down on her, each waiting in line for their turn to slide their rock-hard cocks into her soft, ravished pussy, or to plunge deep past her soft lips, stuffing her mouth full. The cheerleader remembered losing herself completely to her lust, unable to stop her body from wanting more even though she knew it was wrong, even though she was half-frightened. It was like I became a completely different person.Even now, in her memories, it was as if she was watching a movie of someone else. The girl on that bed looked just like her, had the same petite, dainty figure, the same face and cheerleading outfit; but it wasn't her, it was some wild, insatiable, sex-crazed slut. Trisha was quickly staring to realize that there was a part of her that she just couldn't control; the same part that lusted for Dan's cock each and every second, that would eagerly give in to his dirtiest desires and would drag the rest of her body along with it, no matter how scared or ashamed or reluctant she was. I just can't control my lust...my body just won't listen to me! All those strangers...I fucked them, sucked their cocks, swallowed their cum...I couldn't help myself. Why can't I listen to myself?? 

 Trisha sighed as she stood in her bathroom, running a brush through her l hair, examining her appearance in the mirror. The cheerleader was wearing a strapless pink sundress, the soft fabric wrapped tightly around her 32-C chest, two ample mounds cupped by the tight material. The hem of the dress stopped above her knees, so that it would flutter around her slender legs as she walked, tight around her slim hips, showing off her dainty frame. Trisha had matched it with a pair of flirty, white kitten heel sandals, showing off her legs. She stared at herself in the mirror; a petite girl, barely over five feet, her slender waist contrasting with her curvy tits, looking even more cute and innocent in her baby-pink dress. Her brown hair tumbled across her bare shoulders, slightly wavy, like always. But her face looked worried. 

 As soon as she had cleaned herself up, Dan had driven her home. Her parents were at the front door as soon as she walked through it, and she hastily fumbled through an excuse about how cheerleading practice had ran late; they seemed to buy it only because she was still in her outfit. But to her horror, Dan had followed her through the front door, and had introduced himself with all the charm of a perfect gentleman. He had said that he was the older brother of one of Trisha's fellow cheerleaders, and had offered to give her a ride home on the way back to his own house. 

 Now she thought about the looks on her parents' faces if they had known who Dan really was, if they had realized what he had just done to their dainty little eighteen-year-old daughter – taking her to a dirty motel room, fucking her with half a dozen friends, from every direction, throwing her on the bed and making her writhe in wild pleasure for hours on end. I can't believe he did that!Trisha sighed as she ran her hands through her hair. Now he's talking to my parents?? This is getting out of hand... 

 "Trisha? Trisha!" It was her mom. 

 "Coming!" The cheerleader ran her hand through her hair one more time, then quickly hurried downstairs 

 "Trisha, there you are!" 

 Trisha gasped. Her mother was standing in the front door, holding up Trisha's backpack. Right next to her was Dan, wearing dark wayfarer sunglasses, leaning against the wall and grinning up at the cheerleader as she descended the stairs. Trisha knew that his hidden eyes were roving up and down her petite body, admiring her bare shoulders, imagining her curvy chest and slender hips hidden under her strapless dress, remembering the feeling of grabbing and ravishing every inch of her slim frame. 

 "Trisha, dear, Dan said that he was supposed to drive you to school today, for a meeting at the library. You didn't say anything to me about that!" 

 "Oh, um..." the cheerleader stopped in front of the two of them, looking up at Dan, trying her very best to look like she wasn't confused. "I...I guess I must have forgotten last night. I was so tired from practice, you know." 

 "Yeah," Dan said. "Yesterday was really rough on you, wasn't it, Trisha?" He grinned widely down at her. Trisha blushed a fierce red, and quickly looked down at her feet, trying to act normal. But inside, she was growing angry. He knows what he's saying...he knows he could get me in so much trouble. And he's making a game of it! 

 "Dan," Trisha's mother turned to face the lifeguard. "Who did you say your sister was again? The girl on Trisha's cheerleading squad?" 

 "Oh...I didn't say." Dan reached up to scratch his chin, buying himself a couple seconds. Trisha's eyes widened, and she desperately tried to silently mouth a name to him. Amanda...Mandy...Diane!But Dan wasn't looking at her. 

 "Britney," he said, finally. "I'm Britney's older brother." 

 Trisha gasped again. 

 "Oh," her mother said, her mouth suddenly turning slightly down. "I...I see. Well, Trisha, you better get to school. You don't want to be late!" 

 "O-okay," Trisha nodded, half-frozen by fear. It was all she could do to slowly walk out the door, following Dan to his car. "Bye, mom," she said over her shoulder, not daring to look back. 

 She slowly slid into Dan's car, still biting her lower lip, trembling with nervousness. She stayed silent until Dan started the car, and only took a breath after he had pulled away. Relaxing, she looked down and rearranged the skirt of her sundress on her legs as she crossed them. But then she looked back up, glaring at the lifeguard. 

 "Dan! I can't believe you did that!" 

 He shrugged, raising a hand to adjust his sunglasses. "You have a problem with it?" 

 "Yes!" The cheerleader kept glaring, and crossed her arms. "It was so nervewracking! What if they figure out you're lying? What if they figure out...that...that..." 

 Dan laughed as he glanced over at Trisha, eyeing her over his sunglasses. Her strapless dress was starting to slump down her petite frame, and she carefully tugged it back up over her chest. Her feet barely touched the floor of his car; her bare shoulders were firm as she crossed her arms, over her slim waist and under her plump chest. Even as angry as she was, she was still struggling to finish her sentence. 

 "That I fucked your brains out?" He finished it for her. "More than once? And with the help of a couple friends?" He grinned as he watched the cheerleader blush at his words. 

 "...yeah," Trisha said, finally. "That. Just...don't come by my house anymore, okay?" Somehow, what had started out as her yelling at him had become a pleading request. Why did he come to get me?? Doesn't he know how dangerous that was...how easily my mom could have figured out he was lying?Trisha glared down at her bare knees. And...he used Britney's name. That was the first time he mentioned her in front of me... 

 "I don't know, Trisha," Dan replied. "I've never seen anything like the way you were yesterday. I was already attracted to you before, but..." He glanced over at her. "I've never seen anything as sexy as you were in that motel room. You were a totally different girl. You've really become irresistible to me, and I might not be able to stay away. I might not be able to wait until after school anymore to fuck you..." 

 Dan's hand was sliding across the car seat, resting on Trisha's bare knee, just inches from the hem of her sundress. As he spoke, his fingers gently caressed her skin, sliding slowly, gently up, sneaking under the light pink fabric. 

 "Dan, stop, please," Trisha started squirming in her seat, straining against her seat belt, trying to move her slender thighs out of his grip. "I don't want to." But the cheerleader could feel her body flushing, her legs trembling slightly against his fingers. It was already starting. This is always how it happens...I can't control it...my body wants him...I want him... 

 "But Trisha," Dan said, still grinning, still gently sliding his hand up her thigh. "Aren't you going to repay me for driving you to school?" 

 "No...stop it!" Trisha was still squirming, but his hand was firm on her thigh, sliding under the hem of her dress, and she realized that he was only inches from her panties. The feel of his fingers, softly grazing against her legs, strong and firm; it was a feeling that Trisha knew so well, that she identified with every moment of raw sexual encounter that had occurred between her and Dan. It was the same hand that slid around her dainty waist, that had pushed her down on the motel bed or over the couch in his apartment, that grabbed her ankles and yanked her legs open for him without even asking. She hated herself for the way that Dan always used her, teasing and manipulating her into fulfilling every one of his wanton desires. But the cheerleader knew that at moments like these she could never resist him. He's an animal...and he treats me like one too. He just takes my body for his own...he uses me for his pleasure. He reduces me to nothing but my lust.Trisha stared ahead, watching the houses pass by them, her body tense, her mind unable to will herself to push him away. I can't resist him! 

 Just then, Dan's hand slid further up, and suddenly his fingers were gently cupping her pussy, gently pressing into her thin panties, light and soft against her tender flesh. Ohhh... 

 Trisha bit her lower lip, stifling her whimper of pleasure, refusing to cooperate. "Dan," she protested again, "...stop..." The cheerleader squirmed again, but it was a mistake; the movement of her hips buried his fingers deeper into her cunt, sliding up against her pussy lips. She could feel herself starting to grow wet, and she bit down harder on her lip. 

 "Stop, Dan..." Trisha tried again, but to her distress, her protest came out only in a low whisper. His fingers were right over her pussy, pushing so lightly, so teasingly, so that she could just barely feel him against her twat. She could feel her breathing starting to quicken; against her will, she was sagging against the seat, wanting to close her eyes, to give in to her lust, to rock up against his teasing fingertips. 

 "You want me to stop, Trisha?" His fingers were still rubbing, ever so lightly. 

 "Yes..." the cheerleader whispered, her body rigid in the seat, refusing to give in but unable to push him away, unable to resist. 

 "Are you sure?" 

 "Yes..." 

 Dan's arm tensed; for a moment, Trisha thought that he was actually going to listen to her and pull his hand away. But instead, her entire body jolted upwards as she felt his fingers pushing deep, deep against her panties, massaging firmly into her pussy, his fingertips sliding in between her cunt lips, digging the soft material against her tender flesh. She could feel her panties growing damp as her twat responded eagerly to his fingers, aching for more, growing wetter by the second. The cheerleader couldn't take it anymore: a soft whisper burst out of her chest, like it was escaping from a cage. 

 "Ohhhh yesss..." 

 Dan sneered. "You're a liar, my slut." 

 Trisha tried to respond, but all that came out of her open mouth was another tiny whimper of pleasure, reluctant but unstoppable, and the cheerleader felt her slender legs spreading wider on the car seat. Her body was asking for more even as her mind struggled to refuse. 

 The car pulled up to a red traffic light as Trisha squirmed gently against Dan's hand, buried under her dress, grinding against her damp panties. The lifeguard took the opportunity to place his other hand behind the cheerleader's neck, slipping under her loose, wavy brown hair. Trisha felt pressure, and realized that he was pushing her down, forcing her to lean over towards his seat. He wants me to suck his cock. 

 Only a few minutes earlier, Trisha would have been too irritated to refuse. But now, the cheerleader felt a thrill run through her body at the thought of his dick sliding between her lips. Her lust was overflowing out of her soaking cunt into the rest of her body, and obediently, without a word, Trisha quickly leaned across the car, sliding her head under the steering wheel, letting her hair tumble across his knees. His fingers were so delicious against her pussy, massaging, kneading, sliding up and down, making her hips rock and dance in the car seat. Gently, the cheerleader unzipped the lifeguard's fly, and slipped two fingers into the slit of his boxers. Dan had apparently enjoyed watching the petite cheerleader squirm in lust against his fingers; his cock was already half-hard, and Trisha had to tug and rearrange his boxers to slide his shaft through the crack. She could feel it growing to its full length as she wrapped her soft hand around it, sliding down to the base, and she leaned down and parted her lips, taking the head of his cock into her mouth. 

 "Mmmm..." Dan murmured his approval. Trisha could feel the car moving forward again, but she couldn't see anything in her position – seated in the passenger seat, rocking and squirming against his fingers on her cunt, leaning over with her head in his lap, silently slurping on his cock as he drove. The cheerleader dipped her head down, taking his shaft into her lips, hard and firm, feeling the tip of his meat push deep into her mouth. She kept her hand wrapped around the base of his cock, steadily guiding it into her plump lips, licking at the shaft, slurping and gulping gently as she bobbed up and down, her soft mouth enveloping his hard meat. She could feel the steering wheel near the back of her head, and his legs shifting as he alternated between the pedals; she could smell the denim scent of his jeans, and her back was starting to hurt from leaning so awkwardly across the car. But she kept sucking his cock, silent except for her wet gurgles and smacks, sliding her mouth and her tongue up and down him, coating his meat with her drool, so much that she could feel it dribbling onto her hand. 

 The entire time, Dan kept his hand against Trisha's bulging cunt, cupping it gently, digging his fingers deep against the fabric of her soaked panties, running them up and down the gentle slopes of her pussy. Her little body was pushing gently against him, thrusting in the car seat, and she whimpered out her pleasure as she slurped down his cock. Oh...oh...yes, just like that...Her lust was spurring her on, and she dipped up and down faster in his lap, gulping him into her mouth, sucking loudly. 

 "Yeah, Trisha...good girl..." Dan was groaning, and Trisha responded with a muffled moan of her own, pushing herself deeper, gliding her lips down his cock as she slurped, feeling him press deep into her mouth, prodding against her soft tongue. The cheerleader felt his hand tugging at the edge of her panties, and suddenly he had pushed them aside, scrunching them against one of her thighs, exposing her hot wet pussy. She let out a gurgled gasp as his bare fingers slid up against her soaked cunt, and she jolted involuntarily in her seat at the burst of pleasure that seared through her body. His fingers were now kneading against Trisha's bare pussy lips, spreading them apart with two fingers and gently running a third along the tender, aching flesh in between. Shudders ran through the petite girl as he lightly slid up and down her twat, sparking jolts of pleasure like a lighted match. 

 Her lust rushed from her pussy through the rest of her, filling her entire body with an eager desire. His cock felt so wonderful in his lips, so smooth and thick, pulsing against her tongue, engorged and throbbing, filling her little mouth so completely. All of her lust was funneled into enthusiastically guzzling down Dan's rod, gulping it down like it was candy, thrusting her face into his lap, wrapping her soft lips tight around his thick shaft and skimming all the way down, sending him plunging deep into her slobbery mouth. 

 Trisha's hair swung back and forth as she eagerly nodded up and down, slurping loudly, balanced across the two car seats, her hips rolling and twisting against his fingers deep in her pussy, her head bobbing as she licked and gulped. The gear shift of Dan's car was pressing into the cheerleader's slim stomach, and the seat belt was pressing against her slender hips as she rocked hungrily into his hand, as it gently massaged her dripping pussy, teasing and tweaking and running across the folds of her aching, hot flesh. Her bare shoulders could be seen working her up and down on Dan's rod; her perky tits, secure in her strapless dress, pressed into the seat each time Trisha bobbed down and slid his cock deep into her mouth. 

 Oh...oh...his fingers feel so good...The petite cheerleader's lust was building, and so was her eagerness for Dan's meat. She impatiently tucked her hair back from her face, pushing it out of the way, and placed both hands on Dan's thigh, supporting herself so that she had better access to gulp down his cock as fast and deep as she could. Now she could cleanly slurp down to the base of his rod in one smooth motion. 

 "Uhhh...fuck, yes!" Dan grunted, as Trisha plunged herself extra-deep down his rod, burying it in her mouth, her tongue hugging the bottom of his shaft, licking hungrily at his meat. Then, the cheerleader felt his hand on the back of her head, directing her, pushing her deep into his lap. She suddenly realized that the car had stopped moving. I can't see what's going on when I'm down here! But her pussy was still crying out for more, her dainty body wriggling and jolting in pleasure as Dan dipped his fingers into her bulging cunt. Trisha obediently let him push her further down, and she breathed deep through her nose before smoothly throating his massive cock, feeling him push past her tongue and shimmy halfway to her stomach. 

 "Yes, fuck!" Dan's hand was tight on Trisha's head, tangled in her hair, and she could feel his hips thrusting up slightly in his seat, unable to resist the cheerleader's soft lips and warm mouth, powering himself deeper into her throat. Her nose was scrunched against his jeans, and she could feel her slobber dribbling down his cock, across his balls, staining the car seat with a wet puddle. Trisha kept her lips locked around the base of his shaft, gurgling loudly, holding her breath for as long as she could. Finally, she slid back up, letting his hard meat glide against her drool-soaked lips and her tongue, catching her breath before deep-throating him once again with a wet slurp. 

 "Ugggh!" Dan's groans were no longer words, only expressions of lust, and his fingers on her cunt were now rubbing faster, an expression of his own excitement, sending the cheerleader's hips into an eager frenzy on the seat, bucking and rocking against his arm. Trisha was moaning too, lost in her pleasure, her petite body gently swaying back and forth in her pleasure, her fingernails digging into Dan's thigh, her toes curling in their heels, all the while as she slurped and gulped at the lifeguard's cock, stuffed balls-deep into her mouth. She was working as fast as she could now, gurgling loudly as her head bounced up and down in his lap, moaning in her efforts, relishing the feeling of his thickness prodding and spearing into her mouth, the taste of his hard rod, stretching her cheeks and pressing into her tongue. 

 A few seconds later, Trisha was out of breath again, and she quickly lifted herself back up his cock, feeling it slide back out of her throat. But just then, Dan's hand gripped the back of her head hard, and she felt him shoving her back down into her lap, her eyes popping wide open with surprise as his slobber-coated cock plunged into her mouth. The petite cheerleader could feel him, turgid and thick against her tongue, throbbing with his lust for her, so deep that she could feel each pulse bursting through his cock in her mouth. She knew what was next. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 14 ****** byHiddenDevil_© Trisha pushed herself as deep as she could go, gripping his thigh with her hands as she thrust her head forward, her lips wrapped around his shaft and jamming down into his balls. Back and forth she bobbed, balanced over his car seat, his entire dick buried in her mouth, slurping and moaning loudly, her body rocking and thrusting in her own lust. His hand was hard in her hair, pushing her, pressing her. Yes!The cheerleader's lust was mixing with excitement, with an eagerness for his load. Shoot your spunk down my throat! Pump your cum into me!She wanted to shout it out loud, but she couldn't with her mouth and throat full. A moment later, she felt Dan's entire body jerking upwards, pushing his crotch against her slobbery lips, his cock thrusting and shuddering deep in her mouth. 

 'Fuck, Trisha! FUCK!" Dan yelled out loud, and Trisha felt a huge spasm rush through his cock as his cum spurted forth. The cheerleader had her lips wrapped tight around his meat, and she could feel every jet, bursting out of his balls and shooting through his shaft. But his cock was so deep in her mouth that she didn't even taste it; he was shooting his cum straight down her throat into her stomach. All she had to do was swallow, and she did that eagerly, thirstily gulping his spunk down like it was water, moaning as his seed filled her. 

 Trisha kept his dick buried in her throat as it pulsed and spasmed, only sliding her lips gently back up his swollen meat after he had pumped the last drops of his cum into her mouth. She gasped for breath as she raised her head, peering out of the car. They were already at school; Dan had parked by the curb just outside the front building. Trisha's heart skipped for a moment as she realized that other students might be walking by, but she quickly realized that no one was around. The lifeguard was sagging against his seat, his cock still hanging out of his open fly, grinning as he watched the cheerleader right herself in her seat, wiping her slobbery chin with one hand. 

 The lifeguard's hand was still kneading into Trisha's bare pussy, her panties scrunched to one side, her slender hips rocking against his prowling fingers, her body begging and aching for release. Oh God...I'm so fucking wet. My juices have probably stained his car seat.The cheerleader leaned her head back, thrusting her ample chest forward, bucking in her seat, her body asking for more. 

 "Yes, Dan, yes!" Trisha was trembling now in her desire, her cheeks still flushed from slurping on Dan's cock, her breathing ragged, her mouth open as she panted. As she moaned and bucked, she turned to stare at Dan, and saw that he was grinning evilly. 

 "Good girl, Trisha," Dan said, and just like that, his hand slid back out from under her sundress. For a moment, the cheerleader kept rocking, her body flushed and filled with lust, but her eyes quickly widened, desperate for more, frantically wondering what was wrong. 

 The lifeguard's grin was even wider as he watched the cheerleader, her face rosy pink, her eyes wild and begging. "It's late, Trisha," he said, pointing to the clock. He was right; the cheerleader was nearly twenty minutes past her first class. What?? I don't care!Her lust was so strong, so overwhelming; she needed release! 

 "So what? I don't..." she started to pant, but the lifeguard cut her off, still wearing his evil grin. 

 "No, Trisha, you shouldn't be later than you already are." And to the cheerleader's horror, he leaned over her trembling legs and opened her car door. 

 He can't be serious! "Dan...w-wait..." She squirmed against the seat, her pussy still soaked, her body still flushed and desperate. 

 "I said out, Trisha!" Without warning, the lifeguard fiercely gave Trisha a shove. The cheerleader yelped in surprise as she tumbled out of his car, barely catching her balance on the pavement, her heels scraping. She hastily caught her balance, straightening to turn around to face Dan. But he had already slammed the door shut, and all the cheerleader saw was his car pulling away, tires squealing. 

 Now, the cheerleader was left standing alone on the curb; a petite teenager in a pink sundress and white heels, her hair tumbling down her bare shoulders, looking shocked, confused, and unbelievably horny. Frantically, trying to recover, Trisha smoothed out her strapless dress, tugging it up to make sure it covered her perky tits, smoothing out the hem around her knees. But her pussy was dripping wet, bulging and aching for more, still tingling from the wonderful feeling of Dan's fingers teasing and tweaking it. Trisha cast a quick glance around as she hastily slid her hand under her dress and rearranged her panties back over her dripping cunt. Even the slight motion of sliding the fabric over her twat was torture, wracking her body with quivering desire. She gave a mortified gasp as she realized that there was a tiny spot on her pink dress, clearly visible, right over her crotch. Her pussy was so wet that it had soaked through the cotton fabric. 

 I can't believe he did that to me!The cheerleader thought, her fierce lust quickly overflowing into furious anger. He teased me the entire way over, and then just pushed me out!She felt like screaming out loud. He made me suck his cock, swallow his cum...and then he didn't even let me finish! That bastard! Trisha sighed. Knowing Dan...he probably planned it that way. He wanted to leave me horny all day, wanting him, dreaming of him fucking me the entire time.The worst part was that it was working; even the thought of him fucking her, even just imagining it was enough to send another shudder of lust through the cheerleader's dainty body. Sulking, furious, Trisha turned and quickly walked up the stairs of Eisenhower High. 

 She hurried through the empty halls, trying to compose herself, trying to ignore the wetness between her legs, and the fiery desire burning through her body, the desire to plop down right in the middle of the hall, hitch up her dress, and plunge her own fingers into her soaking wet cunt. God...I can't believe him! I feel like I'm going to burst, I'm so horny! 

 As the cheerleader hurried, she caught a glimpse of Britney in one of the classroom windows, sitting in the back, long legs crossed, looking distinctly uninterested. Is this why Britney told me to stay away from him? Because she knew he would make me lose control? That he would make into his personal slut?Trisha suddenly remembered that at the beginning of the ride, she had tried to squirm out of his reach; she had initially refused to let him touch her at all. Now, all she could think about was him burying his fingers back in her dripping twat. Damnett!Gritting her teeth, the cheerleader rushed to her classroom, trying her best to take control of her unsated lust. 

 Reaching the room, Trisha timidly slipped into her Biology class, apologizing quietly for being late, quickly taking a seat in the back row. She could feel everyone's eyes on her as she sat at her desk, watching the petite cheerleader who had interrupted the class, clad in her pink sundress, tightly wrapped around her perky chest and swishing across her slender legs. Trisha did her best to ignore the pulsing desire deep between her thighs, radiating through her body, concentrating on the lesson, listening intently. 

 But it was no use. Ten minutes later, the lights went off, Mr. Jameson switched on the slide projector, and Trisha's mind started to wander. The cheerleader stared hard at the pictures of animal and plant cells, but she couldn't keep her find focused; Dan's fingers had been so achingly good, skimming against her pussy lips barely twenty minutes ago, spreading apart her legs, pressing deep and firm into her little cunt. She was still soaking wet. He's so damn good at teasing me!Then she remembered the feeling of his cock in her mouth, stretching her lips and prodding deep, soft yet smooth, long and thick as it powered into her. She remembered how wonderful it felt to push her lips all the way down his rod, to fill her throat with his shaft, smushing her nose into his thigh, slurping and drooling on his crotch. She remembered his legs moving, pushing his hips up into her plump lips even as he switched between the pedals. That's right...the entire time, he was driving!Trisha knew she was losing control; she was giving in to her body's desires. But her imagination was already slipping away. She was thinking now about how she had sucked his cock even as he was driving, as he was passing dozens of others cars on the street, stopping next to others at red lights and stop signs. She couldn't help thinking about all those other drivers, all of them assuming that the car next to them had only one passenger, not even realizing that a petite cheerleader was bent over the driver's seat, slurping on his rod, thrusting her face into his lap. They didn't realize that Dan was getting a blowjob even as he was right next to them...getting his cock sucked by a naughty girl...by a dirty slut... 

 The cheerleader shuddered slightly, her lust building, her pussy dripping with desire. It was dirty, it was naughty and slutty; slurping on his dick in broad daylight, barely out of sight from dozens of other people. I was so filthy!Trisha felt her slender legs trembling in lust, her body crying out for more, her hips tense in her seat. Gently, desperately, the cheerleader gently grinded against her chair, just once, feeling the hard material rub against her little sundress, slightly pressing into her panties. Even that little motion, even the slightest pressure was enough to send a jolt of pleasure through the quivering cheerleader. Ohhhh! 

 Involuntarily, without even thinking, one of Trisha's hands slid off her desk and onto her lap, resting on top of her dress between her thighs, only a few inches from her bulging, aching, red-hot twat. She glanced around at the desks around her. The girl to her right was busy taking notes; the boy on her left was staring the other way, out the window. No one was paying attention to her. Her hand moved slightly up her thigh, trembling slightly, and the petite cheerleader could feel her breathing quicken. I was slurping on his rod while he drove...and at the end, he parked in the school parking lot, right by the sidewalk! He was parked at the curb while I was deep-throating him, while I was swallowing his spunk!Gently, so gently, the hand was sneaking further, inching towards her pussy, drawn towards it by the pulsing desire running through her body, unable to resist the wild desire that had built up in the cheerleader. 

 What if someone walked by the curb? If they had looked in they could have seen me!Trisha suddenly realized that if someone had walked by, she wouldn't have noticed; her head had been buried in Dan's lap, completely blind to anything around the car. For all she knew, the sidewalk had been full of students walking to class. Every one of them could have peered into the window and seen her, a petite cheerleader, barely five feet tall, with Dan's hand buried under her sundress, squirming and bucking against his fingers, bobbing up and down on his rod as she slurped, as he pushed her head further into his lap with his other hand. Every single one of them could have seen me gulping down his cock, like a naughty slut! My hips rocking, my legs spread, my lips locked around his shaft...they could have seen all of it! Oooh...It was so nasty to think about, but it only made Trisha flush with pleasure. Ohhh God...I must have looked so naughty! 

 It was too much. Silently, the cheerleader felt her hand cautiously sneak into the center of her lap, resting on her crotch, on top of her soaked pussy. Desperately, Trisha pushed gently into her sundress, her fingers thrusting the material in between her quivering legs, rubbing slightly against her cunt. She was so horny; she felt like her entire body was tingling with fire, and even the slight movement against her pussy sent a shudder running through her dainty body. In the middle of the darkened classroom and as the teacher was talking, seated between two dozen other students, the cheerleader silently dug her fingers further into her dress, between her legs, and she felt them through the material, sliding against her panties, rubbing just barely against her aching cunt. Trisha gasped softly at the feeling, desperately trying to hide her pleasure. The cheerleader's eyes were wide as she stared around her, on guard for any sign that anyone had noticed her. Part of her knew how crazy this was; how dangerous it was. I'm rubbing myself in the middle of a classroom! In plain sight! What if I get caught??But she couldn't help it. Her lust was coursing through her veins, it had taken over her body, and even as her mind flickered with anxiety, she felt her fingers dig further between her thighs. She began to take in short, quick breaths, and her other hand grabbed the desk hard as she silently, secretively began to slide her fingers up and down her pussy. 

 Ohhh!Immediately, the jolt of pleasure burst through her dainty body, her fingers pushing the soft fabric of her soaked panties against her tender twat, lightly riding across her pussy lips, tweaking and teasing her aching flesh. She clamped her lips shut, breathing as quietly as possible, tensing her arm so she could hide the gentle sliding motion of her hand buried in her lap as best as she could. But she could feel her legs spreading slightly in her chair, her back arching and growing rigid, her hips quivering as her body responded to the pleasure. 

 The slide projector clicked as it switched between images. The teacher kept talking, turning to point at the screen then turning back to face the dark classroom. There was the sound of pencils moving on paper as students took notes. It was like any other normal class; but in the back of the room, seated between two other desks and in plain sight, the petite cheerleader was eagerly fingering her cunt through her dress, biting on her lip to stay quiet, hiding her quivers and shudders of pleasure. Above the desk, Trisha did her best to look normal; her pouty face slightly flushed but otherwise expressionless, her eyes wide but staring ahead at the slides like everyone else, her bare slender shoulders rigid with effort but unnoticeable. Beneath the desk, though, she couldn't control her lust; her legs were spread wide, trembling with desire. Her hips were gently grinding into her seat, rocking in rhythm with her kneading fingers, pushing gently up against her hand, hot with pleasure as she pushed deeper into the fabric of her dress and her panties. 

 Her eyes started to lose focus as she remembered every sensation of Dan's cock; the texture of his meat against her tongue, the way he powered into her mouth, stretching and prodding, the feeling of his warm cum in her throat. It was so hard to resist that wonderful dick; it had to be the that reason Trisha could never say no to Dan. She squirmed and rocked in her seat, desperately trying to hide it, her hand buried in between her thighs, the hem of her dress slowly riding further and further up her slender legs as the material bunched between her fingers, caught in her eager, wild rubbing. Every muscle in her body was tense and rigid, trying to hide the jolts of pleasure bursting out from her pussy as she teased and tweaked it with her own fingers. Now, as she trembled with hungry pleasure, she imagined climbing across Dan's car and straddling him in his seat, planting her slender legs around his, hitching her sundress up around her waist, mounting him as he parked at the curb, in broad daylight. She imagined sinking slowly down on his erect prick, guiding it into her dripping wet pussy, feeling it pierce into her, filling her so completely, her snug cunt wrapping around his shaft like a sleeve. 

 Yes...yes...With each second, the cheerleader was losing herself more and more to her lust. Trisha was panting now, as quietly as possible, her perky chest straining against the strapless dress. Her fingers were hard and firm against her cunt, buried between her legs, her arm stiff with effort as she gently bucked into her hand. Her legs were spread wide and her frantic rubbing had scrunched up so much of her dress in her lap that most of her slender thighs were now exposed. Trisha suddenly realized that if anyone turned around to look, they would have a clear view of the cheerleader's panties, peeking out from under her bunched-up dress, soaked with her juices as she kneaded and massaged into it. Anyone can see me now,she thought, casting a furtive glance around the darkened room. Just a slight turn of the head and they would see her, stiff in her seat, her cheeks rosy, panting as if she were in heat, her dress riding up nearly to her hips. And her bare shoulders and arms, rigid with effort as she dug her hand deeper and deeper into her cunt, rubbing up and down, fingering herself in the middle of class, with other students only a few feet from her. 

 This is crazy! This is beyond crazy!But she couldn't stop, no matter how shocked she was at her own brazenness; she couldn't pull her fingers away from her dripping pussy. All she could think about was riding Dan's cock in his car, her dainty body bouncing on his lap, cramped in his car seat, the car rocking back and forth with her efforts. Her bucking and rocking, clearly visible from outside, her hair and tits flopping with the force of their fucking. He would reach up and yank my dress down my chest, and then he would grab my boobs, and he'd force me down on him! He'd push me down on his rod, he'd plunge his cock so deep in my pussy; so rough and hard in my aching, desperate pussy! 

 A vicious jolt of pleasure gushed through the cheerleader, and Trisha felt it overwhelming her body, breaking the last of the tiny, fragile control she was fighting to keep. Her fingers were so deep, so firm against her tender, soft twat, and she felt her mouth opening, as if her lust was forcing it open, as if there was so much carnal desire in her body that it had to be thrust out of her. Before she could stop it, Trisha felt a soft moan slipping between her open lips. 

 "Ooooh...." 

 Oh no!As soon as the noise escaped, she quickly clamped her mouth shut, mortified, certain that someone had heard her and would catch her in the act. She stared straight ahead, her mouth open, her eyes wide in fear, and a moment later she heard something thump off the desk to her left, as if someone had just dropped something in surprise. Oh no...he saw me!Slowly, the cheerleader turned her head to look. 

 She was right! The boy to her left was staring straight at all, mouth agape, totally speechless, too shocked to even look away. Trisha couldn't blame him either, imagining what he was seeing. A petite cheerleader, barely over five feet tall, her slender body clad in her strapless pink sundress, trembling in her seat. Her eager fingering had bunched up so much of the material that her panties were now poking out the bottom, her slender legs exposed and spread, her toes curling in her heels. Her hips were rocking and squirming against her hand; her hand, buried in between her thighs, rubbing up and down, obviously tweaking and kneading into her pussy. She knew he could see the motion of her wrist, gently pushing into the fabric of her dress, sliding against the material with quick, eager motions. 

 The cheerleader's cheeks blushed fiercely as she stared back at the boy who had caught her, and she felt a rush of embarrassment. She had to stop! Quickly, she told herself to take her hand away, to get a hold of herself. 

 But for some reason, her hand wouldn't listen. Her pleasure was rushing through her in waves, through her trembling legs and her rigid, slender back, running across her hips and radiating through her skin. Her lust had taken over her body, and it was like it was separated from her mind now, like her pussy had some kind of power over her hand, forcing it to massage into her aching flesh even as she tried her best to pull her arm away. Stop it, Trisha! Stop it!Over and over she told herself, but her body wouldn't listen to her. So she stayed exactly as she was, staring straight back at the boy as she continued to finger herself, her hips rocking in her seat, her hand buried in her lap, massaging her twat, the fabric of her dress sliding across her thighs as she rubbed up and down her cunt. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 14 ****** byHiddenDevil_© The boy was still staring at her, struck frozen by shock, eyes wide and mouth open. Trisha thought that his name was Stan, though she wasn't sure; she faintly remember him being one of the seniors on the swimming team. His pencil had slipped out of his hand and rattled to the floor, but he hadn't even noticed it. All he could do was stare at Trisha and watch her, masturbating in the middle of class, her legs spread wide, her back arched in her seat so that her perky tits strained against her strapless dress, her bare shoulders rigid as she drove her hand deeper and harder into her eager pussy. Even as horny as she was, the cheerleader was shocked at her own rashness. She knew that being watched was always a turn-on for her, but this was way beyond anything she could have imagined. This is over the line! What if he says something? What if the teacher catches me?? 

 But even as those thoughts raced through her head, all the cheerleader could do was press her hand further into her cunt, her legs quivering as the pleasure rushed through her, her fingers frantically gliding and skimming into her tender pussy through her dress. It was like she was in a dream; so shocked at her own behavior, but at the same time so overwhelmed by her lust that she couldn't stop fingering herself, even after she knew she had been caught. 

 This is all Dan's fault!The cheerleader's mind was whirling. He teased me so badly...The sensations of the lifeguard's fingers against her pussy were still so fresh in her mind; and imagining his cock was so wonderful, picturing it thrusting deep into her, stuffing her little canal. Ohhh...what I wouldn't give to have his cock pumping into me right now!The cheerleader couldn't help it; all her lust-addled mind could think about now was Dan's cock, and the way he had filled her mouth that morning, stuffing her full with his shaft, shooting his cum into her throat. The way he fucked her was always so deliciously rough, so hard; it was exactly what her tender, aching twat needed right at this moment! Ohhhh Goddd... 

 The cheerleader closed her eyes and arched her head back, and for a moment she completely forgot about Stan watching her, and all she could think about was Dan's thick manhood, pumping and powering into her petite body, violating her, filling her tiny cunt so completely. She felt her fingers rubbing frantically at her cunt, her hips rocking hungrily in her seat, her pussy dripping wet, begging for more. So deep...just the way a bad little slut like me deserves! A hard, rough fucking! That's all I want now...a thick cock in my pussy, balls- deep, thrusting and pumping and pounding and plunging... 

 In that instant, Trisha suddenly knew that she couldn't take it anymore. Without warning, the cheerleader stood up from her seat, ignoring the rest of the class, ignoring the teacher as he stared at her. Not even saying a word, she quickly slipped out from behind her desk, heading for the door. On the way there, she slipped one hand around Stan's shoulder, grabbing him, dragging him with her. He stumbled out of his seat as well, looking completely confused, tripping as the cheerleader pulled him out of the classroom behind her. 

 "H-hey...what the hell...what's going on!" 

 Trisha wasn't even listening. She was still dragging him down the hall, one hand wrapped around his arm, and she was running as fast as she could with him stumbling behind her. 

 "Hey...Trisha...what's the matter with you??" He tried again, but the cheerleader ignored him. A few seconds later she found what she wanted; a darkened classroom, empty, and she eagerly wrenched open the door, rushing inside with Stan in tow. 

 "What the fuck? What the hell, Trisha?" 

 As soon as the cheerleader turned to face him, he could see the wild desire in her eyes. Trisha's lust was bursting through her, making her legs weak with desire, her body flushed and screaming out for release. And her pussy, dripping wet, soaked and teased and desperate, begging for something to fill it. I need to be fucked...by anyone! Any cock will do! I just need one NOW! 

 She still didn't even bother responding; she was too impatient. Instead, the petite cheerleader thrust herself up on her tip-toes, wrapping her arms around Stan and pulling him down into a deep kiss. As soon as their lips parted, Trisha sank down to a squat, her face level with his hips, her legs spread wide. One hand quickly slid down to her crotch, hitching up the hem of her sundress, pushing it over her waist, exposing her soaked panties. The other hand went to the fly of Stan's jeans. 

 "What the –" Stan was sputtering, completely bewildered as he stared down at the frantic cheerleader. "Trisha, what are you – " 

 "Ohhhh...." A moan burst out of the cheerleader's lips, and Stan fell silent. She had just wrenched aside her panties, and now, finally, Trisha was sinking her fingers into her bare, dripping cunt, feeling the juices soak her fingertips, feeling the soft skin plunge between her aching pussy lips. Stan's eyes widened as he watched the cheerleader eagerly plow two fingers deep into her soaking twat, burying them to the knuckle, her little body shaking in relief and satisfaction as they filled her. 

 "T-Trisha...holy shit..." 

 "Take off your pants, Stan!" Trisha said, finally, the first words she had spoken to him. Even as she said it, her two fingers were plunging in and out of her soaked pussy, glistening with her juices, stretching her tight canal. 

 "It's...it's Steve..." 

 "Whatever!" Trisha's eyes were wild and frantic, completely overwhelmed with her lust. She had kept it below the surface for so long, dealing with Dan's teasing, doing her best to hide her pleasure in the middle of that classroom; now she needed release like never before. "Just take them off!" Her entire body shuddered and jolted in joy as she continued to shove her fingers deep into her cunt, fucking herself, feeling her juices dribble down her knuckles and onto her hand. 

 Steve still wasn't moving. Impatiently, the cheerleader grabbed his fly, tearing and yanking at it like an animal. Finally, it loosened, and Trisha quickly yanked it to his ankles, followed by his boxers. Steve was so shocked that he didn't stop her; he just stood frozen, still confused, not understanding what had thrown this petite, cute cheerleader into such a frenzy. He was so surprised that he wasn't even hard; his limp dick hung out now, dangling in front of Trisha's face. I'll fix that real quick! 

 The cheerleader eagerly dipped her head down and lapped Steve's soft cock into her mouth, gulping it in smooth, soft motion. The feel of her soft lips around his meat jolted him out of his trance, and he gasped again as he stared down at Trisha. 

 "Holy...holy fuck!!!" 

 At the same moment, Trisha inserted a third finger into her sopping cunt, her body bucking upwards as she felt pleasure surge through her, her lust growing as her twat stretched to accommodate it. She moaned around the cock in her mouth. Her legs were spread wide even as she crouched in front of Steve, her arm rigid as she pumped her own pussy. Three fingers now, driving in and out of her cunt, plunging into the soft envelope of her twat. 

 Steve was staring down at her with eyes so wide that they seemed to bulge out of his school. This was a sight straight out of a wet dream; a dainty, cute cheerleader, barely five feet tall with a perky chest and a slender waist, framed cleanly in her strapless sundress, the hem tossed over her hips, revealing her slim, dainty legs. She was crouched in front of him, digging her fingers deep into her dripping, pink pussy, gulping down his shaft. Without even a word of explanation, this sweet little brunette was hungrily sucking on his cock while she fingered herself. 

 Trisha felt Steve's cock growing in her mouth as she hungrily licked and slurped on it – the second cock in my mouth today,she thought. His eyes were still wide as he gaped down at her, as she bucked and rolled her hips into her fingers, as she wrapped her lips tight around his steadily swelling dick. She could feel him stiffening against her tongue, reacting to the gorgeous sight of the little cheerleader stuffing her twat with her own fingers while she slurped on his meat. He's getting hard. Only a few more seconds. 

 "Ah...ahhh!" Steve was gasping, still staring down at Trisha, unable to form words as he felt the cheerleader's slobbery lips gliding across his growing dick. His shaft was pulsing between her lips, blood rushing to it, filling his organ as she bathed it with her soft mouth. 

 "Trisha! F-fuck!" 

 The second cock in my mouth today...she thought again. Just like Dan's cock, plunging into my mouth, throbbing against my lips, pulsing as he shot his cum down my throat...She relished the same sensation; the hard meat between her lips, firm and hot. He was pushing me down into his lap...he was so rough, like always! If only we had more time...I could have rode that hard cock! 

 At that moment, she eagerly slipped his meat out of her lips, watching it spring upwards, fully engorged, ready for action. She quickly stood up, pulling her sopping fingers out of her twat. Even in her heels, the petite cheerleader was several inches shorter than Steve, but she planted both hands on his chest and pushed him backwards, hard. She knew what she wanted. He stumbled back and gave a gasp as he collapsed into one of the chairs behind him, just barely managing to keep himself from sliding off. 

 Before Steve even had a chance to recover, Trisha had stepped forward, straddling him, one heel planted on either side of the chair. Her dress was still hitched up around her waist, and she was still wearing her panties too, hastily pushed to one side, her soaked pussy now hovering just inches over his hard cock. Now she gently lowered herself down onto him, taking his cock in one hand and guiding it slowly, gently, into her swollen cunt. 

 "Ohhhh!" 

 "F-fuck!!!" 

 The two of them moaned together. Steve was too shocked to move, too disbelieving to even wrap his mind around the petite cheerleader that was eagerly fucking his cock. Trisha could feel the pleasure washing over her like hot water, sating her desperate desire at last as her pussy sank down on his prick. She could feel him stabbing into her, thick and hard in her tight canal, filling and stretching her. Her lust raced through her, making her entire body flush with carnal desire. 

 Trisha placed both hands on Steve's shoulders for balance, and eagerly, hungrily, she began to pump his cock. With her heels firm on the ground, the petite cheerleader thrust her legs up and down, bouncing in his lap, feeling his cock power in and out of her aching twat with each movement. Steve gasped and instinctively bucked up against her, his hips colliding with hers, sending his rod spearing deep into her soft cunt. 

 "YES!" Trisha cried, her fingers tightening around his shoulders, and she eagerly bucked back against him, slamming her hips down on his legs, burying him in her pussy. Now they were re-enacting her fantasy of fucking in Dan's car; her bouncing on his lap, pumping with her legs, their hips colliding as she slid up and down on his rod. The cheerleader closed her eyes as she imagined herself in Dan's car seat. Instead of throwing her out like in real life, his lust for her body was still unquenched, and she imagined him pulling her onto his lap. She would be sandwiched between him and the steering wheel, bucking and rocking on top of him, riding his cock like a cowgirl. 

 Now, Trisha closed her eyes and rode Steve in the same way, thrusting herself back and forth on his lap, his cock plunging in and out of her soaked cunt, filling the little cheerleader completely. Trisha could see Dan's car rocking back and forth in her mind as they fucked, her legs tense as she bounced on his car seat. She saw herself sliding her hands through Dan's hair as she rode him, and now she did the same to Steve, running her fingers up his neck and through the dark curls on the back of his head as she bounced on top of him. His dick powered into her pussy, hard and fast, buried to the hilt each time her hips slammed down on his lap. There was a loud slap every time Trisha's thighs collided with Steve's, his balls pressing against her cunt as he stuffed her full, her hair flopping in the air as she wildly, eagerly pumped herself on his meat, her heels scraping on the floor, her legs tense with the effort of bucking up and down on top of him. 

 "Ohhh! Ohhh!" Trisha's eyes were shut tight and her mouth was wide open, her cheeks rosy, and she moaned her pleasure out loud, over and over. She felt Steve's hands tightening around her slim waist; he finally seemed to be getting into it, and his grip was hard on her dainty frame, helping her to slam down on his cock, pulling her up and down in time with her eager thrusts and pumps. Trisha could feel the chair rock back and forth, creaking in protest as he began to jut his own hips off the seat and into hers, pistoning his dick deep into her soft twat. 

 "Yes! Yes!" Trisha wailed, arching her body and throwing her head back, her hands tightening in Steve's hair. "More!" She was panting, her body rearing and bucking against his, jamming his cock in and out of her twat, each deep thrust punctuated by the slap!of their hips colliding, echoing through the empty classroom. Lost in her fantasy, the cheerleader imagined Dan grabbing her just like Steve, sliding his hands around her slender waist, grabbing hold of her, roughly shoving her down on his prick, forcing her to take every inch of him each time she slammed herself down on his lap in his car. Ohhh...he would be so rough...he'd take me and power into me...he'd yank me by the waist, pulling me against his cock!Trisha let out a long, eager moan as the image flashed through her mind. Or he'd take hold of my dress and yank it down! Without even asking, he'd shove it down and handle my tits, and he'd yank me down on his cock by my tits instead of my waist... 

 "Pull down my dress!" the cheerleader yelled out instantly, still bucking on top of Steve's, still with her eyes closed and her head arched back. "Grab my tits!" 

 "Ahhh...fuck yeah!" Steve gladly obeyed. His hands slid up Trisha's slim, petite body, enjoying the feeling of her slender curves, arched and rigid as she eagerly rocked up and down, riding his cock. Finally he reached her chest, her tits bouncing in her bodice as she bucked against him, and he hurriedly tugged the tight fabric down, down, all the way to her stomach, revealing Trisha's perky boobs in their full splendor. They were two soft, perfect mounds, the nipples puffy and red with the cheerleader's lust, poking out from her slim, dainty frame. Freed from the dress, they were now bouncing up and down in rhythm with Trisha's eager fucks, flopping in time with her long hair, which was flying back and forth over her bare shoulders as she pumped herself against Steve's cock. 

 Ohhhh!!!Trisha yelped out her pleasure as she felt Steve's hands groping her bare tits, harshly squeezing and gripping them in pure eagerness, his roughness sending a fierce jolt of pleasure through the cheerleader's grinding body. Her pretty pink sundress was now nothing but a band of color around her waist; the hem hitched up over her hips, showing off every inch of her slim legs, taut with effort as she pumped herself on Steve's cock, her toes curled and stiff in her heels. With the strapless top yanked down, Trisha's petite figure was on full display, her perky chest bouncing, her hair flopping across her bare, slim back with each thrust. Barely five feet tall, the eighteen-year-old cheerleader wildly thrust herself against Steve's cock, burying it inside of her, feeling it stuff her full, piercing so deep into her flushed, desperate little body. Steve was rocking his own hips into hers as she bucked, and the chair was now scraping and sliding across the floor, between Trisha's quivering legs, creaking with each thrust. 

 "Yes! Oh GOD yes!" The cheerleader's wails had turned into screams, her chest heaving as she panted in effort, throwing her little body against Steve's, desperate to fill her pussy each time with the full length of his hard cock. Her eyes were still closed, and she felt Steve's hands on her tits as if they were Dan's, harsh and rough. She saw in her mind the lifeguard grabbing hold of her chest, yanking her little body against his, forcing her to slam down against his cock, filling her each time with that wonderful prick. 

 Trisha quivered with lust as she imagined herself; petite and cute, her sundress yanked down to her waist, her tits flopping as she bucked in Dan's car. And parked by the curb, too! Oooh yes!She could see it now, his car parked by the school, her riding and fucking him in broad daylight, her yelps and cries so loud that they burst out of the car, audible in the parking lot. Anybody walking by would be able to see her dainty frame, wildly pumping Dan's rod, riding him in a frenzy, stuffing her twat with his meat. Parked right outside school, while students and teachers were walking by...while my class was going on inside! 

 Trisha's hips were working furiously now, grinding against Steve's, her legs stiff and trembling, her body flailing in wild lust. My tits would be flopping in Dan's hands, for everyone to see. My dress hitched up around my waist!She imagined random strangers walking by, shocked at the sight of her, fucking in plain sight. She imagined their faces; some of them purely shocked, but some of them clouded with lust; boys' and mens' eyes darkening as they admired her petite body eagerly thrusting against Dan's, lost in her lust. She imagined them thinking about fucking her themselves. One by one, each in turn, just like in the hotel room! Like a cheerleader slut! Like a dirty whore! 

 "YES!" Trisha screamed, her petite body thrashing on top of Steve's, her full weight throw back and forth on the creaking chair, her pussy engulfing his cock, burying him balls-deep in her aching, swollen canal. Each thrust by her bucking hips and legs sent his cock plunging deep into her twat, filling every inch of her flushed body with his manhood, stuffing her cunt with fierce, powerful strokes. She could feel his lust throbbing through his prick, deep inside of her, his hands harsh and rough on her soft tits, his groans drowned out by Trisha's wild screams. "YESSSS! YES!!!" 

 The cheerleader was completely lost to her fantasy, and now all she could see in her mind was her own petite body, thrashing and flailing on top of Dan's lap just as she was bouncing on Steve's cock in real life. All she could think about was the sheer nastiness of it, of riding a hard, stiff cock right outside of her school, for everyone to see, with her sundress yanked down to her waist and her hair flopping across her flushed body. 

 "Ahhhh!" Steve burst out with a load groan. Trisha felt his grip tightening around her tits, his hips bucking even harder against hers, sending her little body reeling upwards, powering his meat deep, so deep into her. "T-Trisha! Oh fuck!" 

 The cheerleader felt his entire body stiffen, his balls tense, his cock throbbing as he pumped her twat hard, as she bounced and thrashed on his lap. He was swelling even more inside of her, filling her sopping, swollen cunt, and Trisha knew what was next. 

 "YES! Yes, please!" she screamed out, begging and pleading for his climax. All Steve saw was the petite cheerleader, eyes closed, rocking against his dick, with her arms wrapped around his neck, her legs straddling him, her back arched and her head thrown back and her naked chest thrust out for him to grope her soft tits. But he didn't know that she was lost in imagining that Dan was the one fucking her, hard and rough, the full length of his thick, pulsing cock plunging into her tight cunt, each thrust so powerful that it burst through her entire trembling body. Trisha relished the thought in her mind, of his hard pumps and thrusts rocking the entire car back and forth for everyone to see, of her bouncing so eagerly, so wildly on top of him that her dainty body was thrown into the steering wheel, the dashboard, the car's roof. Her hair was flying everywhere; her screams were echoing across the parking lot. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 14 ****** byHiddenDevil_© Now, as she felt Steve's cock throbbing and tensing inside of her, she thought about Dan cumming in her pussy, filling her yet again with his seed, his cock so deep that she would feel each spurt pulsate through her body. First he pumped his cum down my throat...now he would shoot it deep in my twat! He would use me the way he always does, like a filthy slut, a dirty cum whore! Nothing but a petite body to fill with his cum! Every inch of her quivered with lust at the thought of it – of her, violated and ravished, thrashing and flailing on Dan's cock. Her body ached for Dan's cum, and she couldn't hold in her fantasy any longer. 

 "YES! Cum in me! Cum in my cunt!" Trisha's screams echoed out in the empty classroom, her entire quivering body thrown into riding the cock to its climax. 

 "Ahhhh FUCK!" Steve's hands slid down to Trisha's waist, and he grabbed her petite body and pulled her down hard, forcing her to stay seated on his lap, her hips grinding into his. At the same time, he bucked upwards into her with all his strength, sending his cock powering deep into her cunt, filling her, so that the cheerleader could feel every pulse of his cock pump through her stuffed pussy. With another loud cry, Steve's cum gushed forth, flooding Trisha's twat with his warm, thick seed. Trisha eagerly rocked back and forth on his lap, her head still thrown back and eyes still closed, and the feeling of him spurting and throbbing inside of her sent her own body into a wild spasm of carnal pleasure. 

 "YES! OHHHH YES!!!" Trisha's scream was ear-splitting, and even as her quivering body continued to rock on Steve's lap, even as he held her tight and pumped his load into her pussy, one of the cheerleader's hands flew down to her clit, fingering the bulging nub and rubbing at it furiously. With two fingers she kneaded eagerly into it, her fingertips almost touching the base of Steve's cock, buried in her swollen twat. An uncontrollable gush of pleasure rushed through the cheerleader's body, and Trisha jolted upwards in lust. She could see Dan's face now in her mind, fierce and animalistic. His face, hungry, driven half-crazy by his lust for Trisha – for his nasty slut, his mistreated, violated, dirty cheerleader. 

 "YES DAN, YES!!! SHOOT YOUR CUM IN ME, DAN!! OHHHH GOD!" Trisha felt her body buck hard against Steve's, her legs spasming uncontrollably, her heels scraping on the floor as her orgasm rushed forth. The convulsions of her pussy were radiating through the rest of her flushed body, through her arched back and her naked tits, through her flushed cheeks and heaving chest – through her stomach, where Dan had already deposited a load of his cum. "YES, YES, DAN!!!" The cheerleader couldn't stop the screams from rushing out of her ravaged, flushed body. "YES!!!!" 

 She wished that it was Dan who was pumping his seed into her twat; that it wasn't just some random student but the lifeguard who had fucked her so many times before, who had used her like a nasty slut, who had taken advantage of her time and time again. Her body quivered and trembled at the thought of accepting Dan's cum, and she kept rubbing at her clit, fueling the wild rushes of pleasure, riding Steve's pulsing cock to the rhythm of her pussy's orgasmic spasms. Finally, Trisha sagged against him, gasping for breath, her eyes still closed. 

 "Huh? Who's...Dan?" 

 But the cheerleader wasn't even listening. In the next moment, Trisha had dismounted from Steve's lap, and she plopped herself down on the ground in front of him, her legs spread wide, the top of her dress still yanked down to her stomach, the bottom still thrown back over her slender hips. Steve watched in shock as the cheerleader once again plunged her own hand into her sopping, swollen cunt, soaking her fingers with her own juices and his just-deposited cum. Eyes still closed, like she was in a trance, the cheerleader raised her dripping fingers to her mouth and began to eagerly suck them clean. Trisha shuddered in delight as the bitter taste hit her taste buds. It's Dan's cum,she told herself happily. The same cum he forced me to gulp down in his car...the same cum he shot into my pussy in front of all his friends, after I fucked all of them in that hotel room...Trisha licked her lips and quickly dug her hand back into her cunt for more, coating her fingers in the gooey spunk that was now dribbling down onto the cold classroom floor. Hurriedly she lapped it up again, savoring the taste of her own pleasure. It was only after the third trip from her pussy to her mouth that Steve worked up the courage to interrupt her. 

 "Trisha...? Who's Dan?" 

 "Wha?" The cheerleader opened her eyes and broke out of her trance. Steve was still seated on the chair, his half-hard cock still out, his pants around his ankles. His mouth was wide open, and so were his eyes; he couldn't tear his gaze away from the sight of Trisha, petite and dainty, shamelessly seated on the floor in front of him with her perky tits out, her slim legs spread, showing off her naked, bright red pussy, with three soaked fingers buried deep inside. The cheerleader gave a meek shrug, and quickly pulled her hand out of her twat, regaining her senses. 

 "Umm...it's...it doesn't matter." 

 Now Trisha understood why she always let Dan control her the way he did. On the surface, she hated the way he forced her to do things even when she didn't want to, the way he used her for his own pleasure, with no concern for her own life or her dignity. But deep down, she loved it: she loved being the whore, she loved being reduced to nothing but a soft pussy to be fucked and filled with cum. Fucking Steve in a classroom wasn't enough for her. She needed it to be someone like Dan, who was using her, who made her feel dirty and violated and taken advantage of. She needed to be treated like a slut. 

 "Is he...is that why you were...you know...masturbating in class?" 

 "It doesn't matter," Trisha repeated, slowly getting to her feet, carefully rearranged her dress back over her tits and her swollen cunt. I just can't help myself. I can't help it...being manipulated by Dan just turns me on. What can I do? 

 "Umm...thanks Steve...I guess. I just – " 

 But at that moment, there was a huge crash in the back of the classroom. One of the huge storage cabinets had just rattled and shook. Trisha and Steve both fell silent, staring back at it in shock. A moment later, it shook again, and with a loud yelp, a short, blonde-haired girl tumbled out of it. 

 "Oh shit!!!" Caught in the act and panicking, Steve wrenched up his pants and fled, banging open the classroom door as he left. Trisha was left frozen in place, too shocked to move, her heart pounding. Someone was watching us??? The entire time! 

 The blonde girl gave another gasp, clearly mortified, and she hurriedly rolled herself over and stood up. Trisha gasped too, in shock. It was Mandy! 

 "Mandy! What the hell are you doing here??" 

 Mandy slowly stood up, pulling her neat blonde hair out of her face, staring at the ground, clearly humiliated. Her lips parted, but for a moment she sputtered only in silence. Finally she burst out. "I-I'm sorry Trisha! I'm so sorry! I...I'll just leave!" 

 Trisha's friend began to hurriedly walk towards the door, but the cheerleader stepped forward and stopped her. Mandy was blushing a bright red, and her eyes were still on the floor; she was too embarrassed to look at Trisha. This is so weird...Mandy just caught me bucking and riding some random guy's cock...and she's the one that's ashamed? 

 "Don't leave, Mandy! It's...okay. Just tell me what's going on." 

 Cut off from the door, Mandy hurriedly walked to the other side of the room, and sat down in a chair, still looking mortified. Cautiously, Trisha sat down next to her. 

 "I...it's nothing. I'm sorry, Trisha." 

 "Why do you keep apologizing? I don't get it." 

 Mandy was silent. The girl placed her elbows on her knees and her chin in her hands, still unable to look at Trisha. "U-um...nothing! Don't...it's just nothing!" After another moment of silence, she tried to get up again. "I should leave!" 

 "Mandy!" Trisha grabbing her by the wrist. "Look at me! Just tell me what's going on!" 

 Finally, Mandy glanced up. Her friend's light blue eyes were so ashamed. What's going on? 

 At last, Mandy burst out, her voice cracking, throwing her hands up in distress. "I couldn't help it Trisha!" she wailed. "I...I saw you in the parking lot, with that guy! And then you went to class...and...and I had a free period, so I had nothing to do..." She seemed almost on the verge of tears. "And...then I heard a noise, a-and I saw you taking Steve somewhere...a-and I followed you..." 

 Trisha gaped. "Hey, Mandy, slow down! What are you talking about?" 

 "I...I need your help, Trish! I try not to think about it, and I try to ignore all my feelings, but I can't anymore! Ever since...since that one night...I can barely concentrate! I just...I just want..." 

 Trisha was utterly confused. "You just want...what?" 

 Mandy gulped. "Well, I want...you know...to do what you do." 

 Trisha shook her head. "I don't get it." She has to be more specific... 

 "I want...um..." Mandy gestured aimlessly in the air for a moment, but finally she gave up, staring down at the floor. "I want...to have sex." 

 Trisha blinked. She was speechless. 

 "And...and I followed you because..." Mandy blurted out, continuing, too embarrassed to stop now. "...because, I thought maybe...it would help me figure out how." 

 Still confused, Trisha shook her head. "Figure out how to what...?" 

 Mandy gulped again. "Well, um...we've been trying to keep it really quiet, but you know that guy Jon, from my English class?" 

 Trisha nodded. 

 "Well...he and I have been going out for a month or so." 

 Trisha gasped, momentarily distracted by the gossip, reverting back to her normal teenage-girl mode. "You HAVE?? Why didn't you tell me? How did it happen??" 

 'I...well...um..." 

 Quickly, Trisha realized this wasn't the time for those questions. "I'm sorry, Mandy, forget it. Okay, so...I guess you want to have sex with Jon, right?" 

 Mandy nodded. "But...I don't know what to do." 

 Trisha gulped, shifting awkwardly in her seat. "Um...well...I mean, can't you ask Jon about that?" 

 Mandy shook her head immediately, her blonde hair flipping across her face. "No way! He'd just...laugh at me! I'd be too embarrassed! I thought maybe I would just see what you did, since you...you...um..." 

 Since I'm a slut...Trisha thought to herself, but she didn't say it. Instead she asked "Mandy...how did you sneak in that cabinet?" 

 "Oh." The blonde girl looked up at the back of the room, her cheeks still bright red with embarrassment. "I...well...I was standing in the hall for a couple minutes, but I though that was too obvious, so...well, I just came in and hid in the back. And you were, um...you were too busy to notice." 

 Now Trisha felt herself blushing, for the first time, and she couldn't help smiling a bit, imagining Mandy sneaking along the back wall, staring at her and Steve bucking on the chair, not even aware of her presence. "Yeah, okay. I guess that makes sense." 

 "I...I'm sorry, Trish." 

 "It's okay." Trisha smiled at her friend. "But you know...I'm sure there's lot of other ways to find out about sex. Like the internet, or whatever." 

 "Yeah..." Mandy said, sighing and slumping against her seat. "I know. But I want to know what I'm doing with Jon! I want it to be great!" 

 Trisha nodded. 

 "So...um...will you help me?" Mandy looked up, staring at Trisha, her light blue eyes bright and hopeful. 

 The cheerleader smiled back. "Of course I will!" 

 In an instant, Mandy's face burst into a grin, her embarrassment completely gone. "Really??" 

 "Of course, Mandy!" Trisha laughed. "Did you really think I would say no?" 

 Mandy laughed too, softly. "I...I don't know. I thought you might think it was stupid." 

 "No way," Trisha said, as the two of them stood up. Then she paused. "But if I'm helping you with your problem, maybe you can help me with something too." 

 "Of course!" Mandy's face brightened even more; she looked excited at the chance to be more useful. 

 "Well...okay," Trisha said, as the two cheerleaders walked out the classroom. "It's about this guy named Dan..." Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 15 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "So...she just told you to stay away from Dan? And that's it?" 

 Trisha nodded, keeping her eyes on the road. "Yup." 

 "Nothing else at all? I mean...she didn't tell you when she and Dan met? Or like if they're still friends?" In the passenger seat, Mandy was running a finger through her neat blonde hair; it was something she always did when she was thinking. 

 Trisha shook her head, her long, wavy, brown hair fluttering across her shoulders with the motion. "No. Nothing at all." The petite cheerleader sighed. "All Britney said was to stay away from him." 

 "Maybe she wants him all to herself. Maybe she's jealous of you." 

 Jealous of me...?Trisha had trouble even thinking about it. It was so hard to imagine Britney, the head cheerleader, so poised and sexy, so unabashed about everything she did, feeling any kind of jealousy. And why would she ever be jealous of me? I mean...she's Britney! She's still the head cheerleader and the class slut. 

 "No, I don't think that's it. I don't know, Mandy. Britney's never said anything like that to me before." 

 Mandy started to chew on her lower lip. "Why didn't you ask her to explain it more? I mean, you're such good friends, I'm sure she would tell you what happened." 

 Trisha shrugged. "I was too flustered when she first told me, and now it's too late. It'd be so weird to ask her after all this time." Trisha glanced over at her friend and saw her nodding. And...Britney's never told me much about herself anyway. I guess I've just never really asked. 

 "Are you sure, Trish? Maybe Britney was just asking you to stay away from Dan for her own sake. Was it like a request, or more of a warning?" 

 Trisha sighed. "I'm pretty sure it was a warning." She was thinking now about how Dan had somehow made her into his own personal slut; for some reason, she just couldn't resist him, her body lusted for his even as her mind tried to say no. If I were Britney, I'd warn me about him too... 

 "A warning against what?" 

 "Well..." Trisha said slowly. "I...I broke my promise to Britney. I...saw him again." 

 "Yeah, I know. You told me that already." 

 "Yeah but...it's been more than once. It's been a bunch of times." 

 "Really???" Mandy's light blue eyes were wide. 

 Trisha nodded glumly. "Yeah...I just..." She struggled to find the right words – the right way to explain something so dirty to a friend like Mandy. "It's so hard to explain...it's just the way he makes me feel. I know it's wrong, but each time he calls me or texts me or picks me up from school...it's just so easy to say yes and give in to all that pleasure." 

 Mandy giggled. "Trisha...I've never heard you talk about a guy like this before. It's weird coming from you. 

 Trisha stopped, surprised at Mandy's comment. But then she nodded. Mandy was right. Every other guy had been disposable, one just as good as another, the next available one. But ever since her first meeting with Dan, at the beach, the lifeguard had held a power over her. He couldn't be replaced by any other guy. 

 The cheerleader sighed. The problem was, she always assumed that when she finally felt this way about a guy, it would be because of something much more romantic...like love, or something like that. She assumed that she would be telling Mandy about how wonderful and sweet and caring he was. But with Dan, it was so much more shameful. All she could think about was the way he treated her – like a nasty, worthless whore. Like a dirty slut whose only purpose was to get her pussy pounded and her mouth filled with cum. 

 And Trisha couldn't tell Mandy about how she loved that. She couldn't tell her that Dan had bent her over the balcony outside of his apartment, in plain sight, in public, without even taking off her dress, plunging his cock into the cheerleader's sopping pussy as she wailed and screamed shamelessly for all his neighbors to hear. That he had blindfolded her and taken her to a motel room with half a dozen friends, without telling her, without even asking her – only for her to eagerly fuck all of them, taking two or three cocks at once, in her twat and her mouth, begging in wild lust for their cum, being passed around one by one like a cheap hooker. He had trained her so well that she would eagerly gulp down his cock while he drove her to school, and would fuck a random student just to sate her carnal desire, just to fulfill her fantasy of fucking the lifeguard in his car. 

 He's turned me into his own slut...I just can't resist him. Every time he uses me, every time he violates me, I love it even more. I can't help it. I love being treated like a whore... Trisha took a deep breath, but then stopped. She couldn't bring herself to tell Mandy. Not yet. 

 "Trish, I know you're not gonna like hearing this," Mandy said. "But I think my advice is still the same. You just have to talk to Britney. You have to tell her the truth. Otherwise you'll never be able to live with yourself." 

 Trisha nodded. "I guess you're right. It's just...he's just so...oh, Mandy, I don't know." The cheerleader gave another sigh. She couldn't think about this anymore; it was too hard. "Forget it. We're talking too much about me. Aren't you excited?" She grinned at her friend as she changed the subject. "We're almost there. It's just the next stoplight." 

 Mandy smiled back, but Trisha could tell she was nervous. A few days earlier, she had asked Trisha for help; she wanted to have sex with her boyfriend Jon, but she was too nervous about her first time. She wanted to learn a little first. "I...I don't know, Trish. I'm really nervous. Maybe this isn't a good idea." 

 "How do you know? You don't even know where I'm taking you." 

 "I...I know. But whatever it is, I just...I don't know if I'm ready yet." Mandy stared down at her lap, looking like she was disappointed in herself. 

 Trisha couldn't help laughing to herself as she watched her friend. She could remember when she was like Mandy – nervous about anything related to sex, and about admitting that she herself wanted any part of it. She remembered when she dressed exactly like Mandy too, in a blouse buttoned up to her neck, in tennis shoes and non-descript jeans. Now, the cheerleader glanced down at her own outfit. A flirty, frilled miniskirt, sky-blue and short, which swished around her slender legs whenever she walked. Paired with her strappy heels, each step made the tiny skirt flutter up around her ass, barely inches away from revealing a peek of her red thong. The cheerleader's petite, slim figure contrasted with her perky, 32-C chest, covered now by a silky pink tank top, the skinny straps resting on her dainty shoulders, the neckline plunging just low enough for the top of her ample tits to peek out, the material tight enough to show off the outline of her two soft mounds. Trisha smiled to herself. She was happy with her new outlook and her new outfits, and if she could just get Mandy to be a little more free, a little less ashamed, then that would make her even happier. 

 "Don't worry so much, Mandy!" Trisha said. "Just enjoy yourself! I mean, in the end that's what sex is all about, right? And if you don't enjoy it, then we can just try something else. It's not a big deal. Don't think about it so much! Just do it!" 

 Mandy kept running her fingers through her hair, thinking, looking nervous. "...Well...okay! You're right, Trish." 

 "Okay? So you're ready?" 

 The blonde nodded. "Um...yeah. I'm ready!" 

 "Good." Trisha grinned. "Cause we're here." 

 The petite cheerleader parked the car, turned off the engine and got out. Mandy got out too, and was staring at the storefront. "Where are we, Trisha?" 

 Trisha grinned. "It's an adult bookstore." And not just any adult bookstore, either... It was the same one Britney had taken her to, so many months earlier. "Come on, let's go in." 

 The two cheerleaders entered the store, Trisha leading the way. The store owner recognized her immediately, and grinned leeringly at her. Trisha winked back, and led Mandy through the crowded rows. The blonde was turning around in a circle, glancing to the left and right, taking in the smutty magazines, the explicit video and book covers. 

 "Wow, Trisha," she said, cautiously. "Some of this stuff is really...really..." 

 The cheerleader laughed and took Mandy's hand. "Come on, Mandy. We're going to the back." She led them into the back hallway and into one of the empty rooms, where she had been several times before – sometimes again with Britney, sometimes just by herself. 

 The room was well-lit but conspicuously empty, except for a single, massive mirror on one wall and several large, well-spaced holes in the wall beneath it. Mandy was chewing on her lower lip again as she glanced around the room, looking a bit nervous. Trisha couldn't help smiling. This must be the way I looked when Britney first brought me here... 

 "Why are we in here, Trisha? What's going on?" 

 The petite cheerleader grinned. When Britney had first brought her here, she had left Trisha in the dark for several minutes, leaving her standing awkwardly, confused, unsure what to do. Should I do that to Mandy? No...I'm not mean enough! 

 "Well..." she paused, still grinning at Mandy. "There's a 'special' arrangements with this room." 

 "...Special?" 

 Trisha nodded. "See those holes?" She pointed at the wall and Mandy's eyes followed her finger, taking in each of the four large, black circles. 

 "Well...there's another room on the other side, and so guys will be in there, and we'll be in here. And the holes are there so that they can put their...their..." Trisha laughed at herself. It was ridiculous, but the way Mandy was looking around the room so nervously, so innocently, it was making her feel a little shy too. Can I really not say the word "cock" around Mandy? 

 "Well, you know," the cheerleader finished. "And then we...well..." 

 The little blonde's eyes widened as she stared at the wall, and Trisha as her friend blushed just at the thought of sucking some random person's dick. "Trisha!" she gasped. "But...we don't...we don't even know who's on the other side!" 

 The cheerleader laughed. "That's the point, Mandy!" 

 Mandy was still staring at the wall, as if at any moment it might come alive. "How do they know we're in here?" 

 Trisha gave Mandy a knowing look. "Oh, they know. Everyone noticed us as soon as we came in." Two dainty high school girls, both of them petite and barely five feet tall, heading straight for the back of the store – yep, everyone definitely noticed us! 

 Mandy was chewing her lower lip intensely now, looking very nervous. "I...I don't know, Trisha..." 

 "Come on, Mandy!" Trisha once again took her friend's hand and led her towards the wall. She could feel her friend's reluctance as she slowly submitted to Trisha's pulling. 

 The two cheerleaders settled down on the floor, curling their legs under them on the hard floor. Trisha could feel the material of her miniskirt flutter across her slender thighs, not even long enough to reach the floor, the hem tickling her upturned ankles, the backs of her high heels pressed against her ass. Her perky tits poked out the top of her plunging tank top, two ample mounds on a petite girl, framed by her wavy brown hair dangling down her slim shoulders. Next to her, Mandy's lithe frame was conservatively clad in a shirt and jeans, her neat blonde hair dangling around her neck. Her light blue eyes were soft and sweet as always, but they looked worried now as the girl chewed on her lip, staring at the holes. 

 Suddenly, there was a loud knock from the other side of the wall, and then another one. Mandy started so forcefully that Trisha thought the little blonde was about to tip over, but she caught herself just in time, staring wide-eyed at Trisha, looking a little frightened. The cheerleader smiled reassuringly at Mandy and knocked back twice, answering the signal. Then she winked up at the mirror above them, knowing that it was a one-way mirror, that someone was pressed up against the other side of the wall, staring down at two eighteen- year-old girls, kneeling only a few feet in front of him. 

 A few moments later, she heard a metallic sound and shuffling behind the wall – someone was arranging himself next to it and unzipping his fly. He slowly inserted his cock through the hole, fully erect and poking up at the two girls. Mandy gasped out loud, covering her open mouth with her hand, staring wide-eyed at the anonymous dick. 

 The cock was hard and thick, fairly dark, with a fat, throbbing ridge of muscle running along the bottom. Slowly, making sure to show Mandy everything, Trisha parted her lips and gently took him in her mouth. She sucked softly, coating the dick in saliva, feeling the hard flesh against her soft tongue. 

 "Uhhh!" Trisha heard a loud groan from the other side of the wall, and she could feel the cock twitch against her tongue as she pressed it deeper into her mouth, her soft lips gliding down the shaft, slipping him into the wet slot of her mouth. Trisha glanced over at Mandy as she slurped on the cock. Her friend was seated cross-legged next to her on the floor, her mouth still open, her eyes wide. Trisha had been afraid that Mandy might look disgusted, or shocked at her friend for sucking a stranger's dick. But instead, her friend looked only fascinated, like a student interested in learning. 

 Filled with more confidence, now that she knew Mandy was interested, Trisha began to slowly bob her head back and forth, sucking softly as she did it, gulping the rod into her mouth as the hard shaft pressed and plunged between her lips. Seated on the floor, her frilled miniskirt flounced out around her slim legs, the cheerleader looked up into the mirror, her lips gurgling and smacking, her tongue eagerly lapping at the underside of the pulsing skin. She knew that she was looking straight into the face of some moaning stranger, staring down at the petite cheerleader as she slurped on his rod and flashed her big brown eyes sweetly up at him. Trisha leaned forward to slurp down even more of the cock, and as she did it she knew that the stranger had a great view down her tank top, that he could see her perky, firm tits poking out of the plunging neckline, bouncing slightly as she rocked back and forth. Her ample chest rose out of her dainty frame, curvy and full against her slim figure, heaving slightly with her breaths as she gulped and smacked. 

 Mandy was staring at Trisha as she slurped, her eyes wide and bright, focused right on Trisha's soft, plump lips. The lithe blonde seemed completely absorbed in watching Trisha, eager to watch and learn. Every once and a while she would tilt her head slightly, her short blonde hair dangling down her cheek as she did it, getting another angle as she watched Trisha plunge the cock into her mouth. For some reason Trisha felt a strange thrill, knowing that Mandy was so engrossed in watching her, knowing that her friend was observing her while she sucked and gulped the cock down. Was it pride, maybe? She wasn't sure, but she could feel her body pushing her forward, urging her on, her confidence building. 

 The petite cheerleader reached up and pulled her wavy brown hair out of her face, tucking it behind her ear, and slid the cock a bit deeper into her lips. As she did it, Trisha could feel his hips pushing against the wall, jutting his meat even further into her mouth, spearing deep and pressing against her tongue. She heard a loud moan through the wall, and the stranger's lust burst through his throbbing cock, as he desperately pushed and jammed against the hole in the wall, attempting to plunge as deep as he could into the little cheerleader's lips. Trisha responded with a moan of her own, happily drinking in the stranger's excitement, feeling her own eagerness bubbling up and spreading through her body as she slurped and drooled. Now, she leaned forward and placed both hands on the wall around the hole, and she began to hungrily nod her head back and forth against the wall, her lips skimming across the throbbing cock, slurping him down hungrily, feeling him power far into her mouth, stretching her lips and pressing into her cheeks as she sucked. 

 The stranger responded with another hard buck against the wall, and a loud moan: "Fuck yesss!" The moans were growing louder and faster, and as Trisha eagerly rocked back and forth, slurping and licking at his meat, she could hear each of his groans to himself, his random mumblings as he lost himself to his lust: "Oh fuck yes...you hot little girl, you dirty slut...suck that cock down...you sexy girl...suck it...God you're so fucking hot...your little body and your nice titties...oh yeah..." 

 A twinge of pride slipped through the cheerleader, mixing with her own excitement and lust. So he likes my titties, huh?With his cock still stuffed in her mouth, Trisha pulled her hands off the wall and raised them to her slim shoulders. The cheerleader's lips slurped and smacked on his meat as she gently, teasingly grasped the two straps of the tank top and slid them off her shoulders, letting them dangle down her arms. Then, she fingered the snug material of the top, tight around her bulging tits, and slowly tugged it over and down her curves, wiggling her little body slightly as she revealed her lacy bra. 

 At that moment, Trisha heard a soft gasp next to her, and she glanced to her left to see Mandy still staring at her, her eyes wide and her mouth open. Once again Trisha was afraid Mandy would be taken aback, but her friend's face still showed only fascination, watching as Trisha slowly stripped off her tank top for the stranger, all the while still gulping his rod into her wet mouth. The entire shaft was bathed in a thick sheet of her drool, and it was now dripping off the cock and splattering onto the floor, and dribbling down the cheerleader's chin as she eagerly plunged him deep between her lips. Now, as she rocked back and forth, Trisha reached down and slowly, teasingly, pulled the flimsy material of her miniskirt up her slender legs and her firm ass. Inch by inch, she hitched the material around her waist, until it was only a thin band of blue riding her slim hips. The rest of the cheerleader's smooth, bare legs were on display, neatly curled under her as she rocked back and forth, her heels pressing against her butt. The bright red triangle of her thong was now clearly visible under her bunched-up skirt. Trisha ran her hands back up her slender figure, swimming through the wavy curls of her hair. One by one, she slid the cups of the bra off her tits, letting them rest just below her perky chest. Her naked boobs were now resting on the shelf of her bra, plump and bulging up, two soft, ample mounds, smooth and soft, her nipples pink and puffy. They swayed slightly as Trisha rocked back and forth, bouncing in rhythm with her slurps. 

 "Oh YEAH!" The groans grew louder. "Show off those nice titties, honey...show me those tits while you suck my cock..." 

 Each of his words rushed through Trisha's body, fueling her excitement, making her chest rise with eagerness. She wanted to say something back, to respond to his groans with her own dirty talk, but of course her mouth was full with his cock, plunging deep between her soft lips and against her tongue. So instead the cheerleader only let out a muffled moan of her own. Her pouty face was focused only on his cock, her cheeks hungrily puckered, her lips tight and engaged, her eyes bright and excited. She leaned forward and placed her hands back on the wall, supporting herself as she eagerly began to jam her face against the hole, her lips skimming down the shaft, stuffing her mouth full of his cock, feeling the tip of his meat press against her throat. 

 But Trisha didn't stop there. Taking a deep breath, the cheerleader leaned forward, and gently let the cock slide down her throat, pressing the shaft deep into her stretched, plump lips. The loud, wild groan that rang through the wall only urged her further, and Trisha pushed her face against the wall, gulping and slurping hungrily, taking the cock deeper and deeper, stuffing her mouth as full as she could. Then, all of a sudden, the cheerleader felt her lips press against the cold surface of the wall, forming a suction around the hole. She had pushed the cock so deep into her mouth and down her throat that her face was now jammed against the wall, her nose squashed against the cold surface, her lips plunging as far as they possibly could down the thick cock, now sucking and slurping around the edges of the hole. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 15 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Ahhh FUCK Fuck yeah!" The groans became even louder. 

 Trisha looked up at the mirror again, imagining the face on the other side, tense with lust and pleasure, imagining what he was seeing as he stared down at her. A petite, dainty cheerleader, barely five feet tall, seated on the floor in front of him, her top and her bra yanked down to show off her perky, soft tits, her miniskirt hitched up over her hips. Her wavy hair dangling down her bare chest and back, her hands planted on the wall in front of her, her big brown eyes glittering up at him. And her soft, drool-coated lips, gulping down his cock, swallowing him so deep that his entire shaft had vanished in her warm mouth, and the only thing he could see were her lips pressed directly against the wall, slurping and drooling hungrily. Trisha could feel her slobber dripping off her chin, pooling on the floor in front of her knees. 

 "Wow..." Trisha heard Mandy softly mumble to herself, and glanced over to see her friend with her mouth open, her eyes wide, her expression clearly one of admiration. Her face was slackened, lost in the sight of her petite friend, so easily slurping down the length of an entire shaft. As soon as she realized Trisha was looking back at her, though, Mandy seemed to finally come back to her senses, and she gave Trisha a half-sheepish, half-excited smile. Trisha watched as the little blonde lowered her eyes, embarrassed but also excited. Then, unconsciously, Mandy licked her lips. Trisha watched as her friend began to pucker her own cheeks, opening her mouth, her tongue floating between her lips, experimenting. She wants to try it herself... 

 Part of Trisha wanted to keep slurping and gulping at the cock herself, already excited at the feeling of the hard rod stretching her soft lips, eager to be able to finish him off and swallow the cum herself. But the cheerleader reminded herself that she was here to help Mandy, and so reluctantly she pulled herself off the cock, letting it gently, slowly slide out of her throat and her wet, soft mouth. With a wet smack, her lips slid off the shaft, and the thick organ sprung slightly as it popped out. Wiping her chin, Trisha turned to Mandy, and grinned. 

 "Wanna try?" 

 "Huh?" Suddenly, Mandy's excitement was mixed with nervousness. "I...right now?" 

 "Of course right now, silly!" Trisha laughed at Mandy's hesitation. "I mean, that's why we came here, isn't it?" 

 "I...well yeah, I guess so. But I...I don't know how." 

 "Well, there's only one way to learn." Trisha stood up, her tits still hanging out of her tugged-down top, her miniskirt fluttering against her slim thighs and her butt as she rose to her feet. "Come on. Switch with me!" 

 Tentatively, biting her lip, Mandy slowly scooted into Trisha's spot, carefully setting herself in the same position. She glanced over at Trisha, who had sat down next to her, as if waiting for some kind of instruction. 

 "Come on, Mandy!" Trisha laughed. "He's waiting for you!" 

 The little blonde gave a slight nod, and slowly, timidly, she leaned forward and parted her lips, extending her tongue. Trisha giggled as she watched Mandy gently lick the tip of the cock, as if she was testing its flavor. 

 "Uhhh..." the stranger grunted impatiently. "Take it in, sweetie, take it in your mouth..." 

 Still looking nervous, Mandy did her best to obey, gently sliding just the head of the cock between her lips, her cheeks carefully puckered, sucking lightly. The rest of his shaft was soaked and glistening with Trisha's slobber, pulsing with lust. 

 "Deeper!" the voice said. "Take me deeper!" 

 Still sucking on the tip, Mandy turned slightly to give Trisha a questioning look. The cheerleader nodded, smiling at her friend. "Just go as deep as you can," she said. "But remember, no teeth!" 

 The little blonde gave a slight nod, and cautiously, gently slid the shaft into her mouth, her lips lightly sliding down, bit by bit, filling her mouth with his meat. Mandy stopped about halfway down the shaft, still sucking gently. Then she began to bob lightly back and forth, just as she had seen Trisha do, her lips smacking as they glided back and forth on the soaked rod, her hair swishing across her cheeks. She was slurping noisily in her effort, doing her best to gulp down as much of the cock as possible, trying to imitate Trisha. 

 Then, another grunt came through the wall. "Uhhh...oh that's good, fuck yeah..." 

 Trisha watched as Mandy's eyes widened, surprised and excited to hear the stranger moaning in pleasure. She glanced again at Trisha, her lips stretched around the rod, her eyes bright with pride. Trisha giggled. She's so cute! 

 Now, Mandy reached one hand up and wrapped it around the base of the cock, right against the wall. Gently, she pushed herself forward, and Trisha watched as more of the cock disappeared in between her friend's soft lips. Mandy's cheeks were still puckered as she began to bob once more, the dick piercing into her mouth, and each time she slid her lips back down the shaft she tried her best to take him a little deeper than before. Slowly, slowly, more and more of the cock was plunging into Mandy's soft mouth. Her light blue eyes were bright with eagerness, her short blonde hair swaying back and forth against her face as she bobbed, and then she pushed herself extra deep, taking even more of him into her lips. 

 "Ghagggh!" Mandy let out a loud cough and her chest convulsed as she gagged on the cock. The little blonde struggled as she pulled herself back, until once again only the tip of the cock was pressed between her lips. Drool poured out of her mouth, dribbling down her chin and splattering on her jeans. 

 "Good!" Trisha said, grinning at her friend. "Just take it as deep as you can go, Mandy." 

 Mandy nodded, and as the stranger groaned his pleasure, she once again pushed the cock deeper between her lips, her hand still wrapped around the base, slurping steadily, her lips tight around his shaft like a sleeve. Gulping and smacking, the little blonde continued to bob on the cock, taking him as deep as she could. A few seconds later, she gagged again, her chest heaving and her coughs sputtering out of her lips along with more slobber, coating the rod and dripping onto her lap. But this time, as soon as she caught her breath, she eagerly plunged the shaft back into her mouth. Only a couple inches of the stranger's meat were visible now, the rest stuffed in Mandy's soft, warm mouth, as she eagerly nodded back and forth, slurping and sucking with enthusiasm. Wow, she's not bad...Trisha thought as she watched her friend. I guess she's a natural at this! 

 "Ohhh...uhhh...just like that...fuck...fuck!!" The groans were growing harsher and louder, and each one seemed to spur Mandy on, as her wet smacks and slurps grew even more noisy, and she began to bob faster, pushing the cock between her lips, sucking hungrily. Her slim shoulders were rigid as she rocked herself back and forth, gulping at the rod between her lips. One hand was wrapped around the shaft, keeping it steady as she pumped it into her mouth; the other now went to her hair, pulling it back behind her face, gathering and holding it back so she could suck the cock more easily. 

 "Uhh...yeahhh...I'm almost there...I'm gonna cum!!!" 

 At the word "cum," Mandy's eyes widened in surprise, and for a moment she froze, mid-slurp, looking nervous. Then, she pulled the cock out of her mouth completely, letting it dangle in her hand, and turned to stare at Trisha, her face nervous and confused. 

 "What do I do?" she asked frantically. "Do..do I swallow it?" 

 Oh no! Trisha heard a strangled, shocked cry of frustration from the other side of the wall. The stranger was on the verge of cumming, and Mandy had stopped sucking him altogether – she was just sitting with his throbbing, turgid cock in her hand, as if she could just pause in the middle and ask Trisha a question. That poor guy! 

 "Mandy!" Trisha said, half-scolding, half-amused. The petite cheerleader quickly pushed her friend aside, and in an instant she had gulped the cock into her own mouth, feeling the hot, hard shaft stretch her plump lips, spearing deep between her cheeks as she lapped hungrily with her tongue. There was another cry, this one of deep relief, and then a loud groan. 

 "Ahhh...yeah...yeah!!!" 

 Trisha's hand replaced Mandy's around the base of the cock, and she plunged deep, letting the shaft pierce into the wet cocoon of her mouth, bathing it with her saliva. She could feel the cock jolting between her lips, wrapped snugly around him, and a second later she felt it begin to spasm and throb against her tongue. 

 "Fuck! Yeah!" The stranger's groans burst through the wall, and Trisha felt his hot, gooey cum spurt across her tongue, filling her mouth with streams of his jism, tangy and thick. She sucked and slurped hungrily at his shaft, drinking each spurt of hot semen pulsing in between her lips, overflowing across her taste buds. The cheerleader carefully swished his cum from one side to the other as she kept slurping, her lips smacking noisily, her soft moans thanking him for pumping his load into her mouth. It was only after she felt him relax that Trisha leaned back, letting the cock slip back out of her lips, and swallowed his deposited cum in one big gulp, savoring the sensation of the thick goo pouring into her stomach. Trisha licked her lips, taking a moment to enjoy the taste of his cum and the feeling of swallowing a stranger's load, before turning back to Mandy. 

 "Mandy!" she laughed. "You can't stop sucking a guy's cock right before he's about to cum! That's just cruel." 

 "Oh," Mandy said, blushing, and she gave a sheepish smile. "I didn't think about that." 

 Trisha wiped her chin, watching the drooping cock retract from the hole as the stranger let out a satisfied sigh. "It's okay. I guess I should have told you what to do." 

 "Do you...do you always swallow their cum?" 

 "Yup." Trisha nodded. 

 "Isn't it...gross? I thought it was supposed to taste bad." 

 The cheerleader shrugged. "I dunno. I like it. I think it tastes good, actually. And I really like the texture of it. The feeling of it sliding down your throat when you swallow it...it's really great." 

 Mandy was chewing her lip, deep in thought. "Maybe I should have tried it now. Then I could have known whether or not to swallow Jon's..." 

 Just then, there were two more hard knocks on the other side of the wall. Mandy started slightly, her eyes wide and nervous as she stared at Trisha. The petite cheerleader grinned widely back. 

 "Well...here's your chance, Mandy! Someone else is waiting." 

 "M...me?" Mandy cast a cautious glance at the wall, as if it might attack her at any moment. "I...but don't you...you could..." 

 "Come on, Mandy!" Trisha interrupted her sputtering. "You were just saying that you should have tried swallowing someone's load. So why not try now?" 

 "I..." Mandy gulped. "Okay..." 

 Trisha watched as the little blonde tentatively raised a slightly trembling hand, and knocked back twice. A moment later, another hard cock slipped through the wall, slightly lighter in color but just as thick. Mandy stared at it for a couple seconds, then glanced at Trisha. The cheerleader nodded back at her. Slowly, Mandy leaned forward, parted her lips, and took the second cock into her mouth. 

 "Mmm..." the second stranger moaned softly, responding to the soft, wet lips wrapping around his hot shaft. Mandy pushed herself forward, taking more of the dick into her tiny mouth, letting her lips slowly slide down the smooth flesh. At first, the little blonde seemed to struggle, bobbing awkwardly back and forth, working to fit her small lips around the throbbing shaft. But after a few seconds, she found a good rhythm, and she began to rock back and forth, letting the cock plunge in and out of her soft lips, spearing into her wet mouth and against her flickering tongue. 

 Good, Mandy! Suck that cock!" Trisha cheered her friend on. Now she's getting into it!The petite cheerleader watched her friend, seated on the floor, one hand wrapped around the hard cock as it plunged into her lips. She raised the other one now to the back of her head, gently gathering her short blonde hair into a bundle and holding it behind her neck, keeping it out of her face so she could slurp freely. Mandy looked so wholesome and innocent, her slim, tiny body conservatively dressed in a button-up blouse and a pair of jeans and sneakers. Yet here she was, noisily sucking on a stranger's rod, her lips eagerly gliding up and down the hard shaft, her moans of enthusiasm mixing with the smacks and gulps as she sucked. Her light blue eyes were shimmering with delight as she bobbed forward, plunging the dick deep between her cheeks. 

 Trisha realized that she was grinning too, thoroughly enjoying herself, her own brown eyes bright, as if Mandy's excitement was overflowing into her own body. I don't know why but...this is so much fun, teaching Mandy, watching her discover the feeling of sucking a cock... The petite cheerleader remembered the first time Britney had brought her here – when she was also nervous and unsure of herself, afraid and embarrassed at all the dirty things Britney wanted her to do. Just like Mandy is now...That time, it was Britney, taking me her to teach me how to be a slut. Now I'm the slut, and I'm teaching Mandy... 

 The little blonde's drool was now overflowing out of her mouth and down her chin, as she continued to slurp noisily, thrusting her face back and forth on the hard cock, gulping hungrily as it vanished between her soft lips. Mandy's entire body was rocking, all her effort put into guzzling the rod down, her cheeks rosy-red with effort and eagerness. Trisha could see the shaft glistening with her friend's slobber, throbbing as it plunged again and again into Mandy's soft mouth. 

 Last time it was Britney and me – Britney, with her gorgeous long legs and her long blonde hair, her incredible tits. Now it's Mandy and me.Two petite girls, one barely over five feet tall, the other only an inch taller, both slim and dainty and cute. My tits are a little bigger than Mandy's,Trisha thought, as she stared at her friend, but Mandy's got such a slender frame – she's even slimmer than I am. Her waist is so tiny...The cheerleader stared down at her exposed chest, the two soft mounds rising out of her trim figure, remembering the moans her tits had gotten from the first stranger when she tugged her tank top down. Now, she thought about what this second stranger was seeing; a little blonde, holding her own hair back so she could more easily suck his cock, and a petite brunette seated next to her, admiring her friend's work, with her wavy brown hair dangling down her naked, perky boobs. Hey, wait a minute...if I'm showing off my body, then so should Mandy! 

 With that thought, the petite cheerleader immediately scooted behind Mandy. The blonde was still slurping hungrily, so engrossed in gulping the cock into her mouth and between her soft lips and tongue that she didn't even noticed Trisha sitting behind her. But then, Trisha reached around her friend and, without a word, began to unbutton Mandy's blouse. 

 Confused, the little blonde pulled the cock out of her mouth and turned to face Trisha. "Hey! Trish, what are you doing?" 

 Trisha flashed a grin at her friend. "I just figured that you're doing such a good job, why not make it a little better and show you off a little?" 

 "Oh," Mandy hesitated. "Okay...but..." 

 "Don't stop!" the stranger interrupted. "Keep sucking, honey!" 

 The little blonde started and nodded, quickly turning back and gulping the cock back into her mouth, resuming her noisy slurps and smacks as the hard meat plunged deep. Trisha went back to unbuttoning her friend's blouse, and this time Mandy didn't resist, continuing to rock back and forth, bobbing her head as Trisha undressed her. When Trisha had finished with the buttons, she let the blouse hang open, pulling it back to show off Mandy's slim, taut stomach. Then, she pulled Mandy's cotton bra down, just like her own, letting the cups slip off her friend's tits. Small and firm, with a pair of tiny stiff nipples, the two mounds poked out from her teenage frame. 

 Mandy gave a muffled moan of protest then, but it was drowned out by the stranger's groan of approval. "Ohhh fuck...nice tits, sweethearts, nice titties." Trisha smiled sweetly back up in response. She knew the stranger was staring down at them; two petite cheerleaders, both now showing off their naked, perky chests, one hungrily slurping and lapping at his cock, the other one seated behind her and undressing her while she sucked. 

 "Ohhh...uhhh..." Trisha could see the cock twitching and pulsing in Mandy's hand as she gulped, and she knew the stranger was thrusting against the wall, pushing himself as deep as he could into the little blonde's mouth. Mandy's lips smacked and slid across his hard shaft, soft and warm, wrapped snugly around his throbbing skin, bathing him with her slobber. The cheerleader watched as her friend eagerly plunged as deep as she could, stuffing two thirds of the cock deep between her lips. Her cheeks were red with effort, her throat straining, and now she was emitting soft whimpers of effort as she struggled to swallow as much of his length as possible. But she kept at it, slurping and smacking, bobbing her head as fast as she could, back and forth on the throbbing rod. Her movements made her naked, firm tits bounce and sway; two small mounds on her dainty frame. 

 "Ahhh....ahhh yes!" The groans from behind the wall became breathless and fierce. Trisha could see the cock pulsing and spasming in between Mandy's stretched lips, and watched as the rod seemed to grow and swell in the little blonde's hand. The cheerleader already knew what was going to happen, but Mandy was clueless, and her light blue eyes widened with surprise as the cock began to throb and jolt in her mouth. Trisha couldn't help giggling as she watched her friend's eyes grow and grow as the shaft continued to spasm, still sucking but clearly shocked. Trisha knew that Mandy was getting her first taste of cum – the hot, salty, tangy liquid spurting between her lips, splashing across her tastebuds, filling her mouth. She kept slurping at the cock, as she had seen Trisha do, only letting up after the cock in her mouth finished depositing its thick load. Then, the little blonde slowly, delicately pulled herself back, letting him slide out of her mouth inch by inch, until it finally it popped out of her lips with a wet smack. Mandy kept her now-empty lips slightly open, and titled her head back, careful to keep the precious cum in her mouth from leaking out. Trisha grinned at her friend, watching her flick her tongue around her lips, swishing her mouthful, curiously testing the taste and texture of the cum, again and again. Finally, with great care, Mandy closed her eyes and swallowed the jism in one big, drawn-out gulp. Once she had finished, she opened her eyes and stared back at Trisha. 

 "Well?" the petite cheerleader grinned eagerly at her friend. 

 Mandy smacked her lips twice, then offered a half-smile back. 

 "How'd I do?" 

 Trisha laughed. "Great, Mandy! You were really good! You're a natural at this!" 

 Mandy blushed, embarrassed. "Really? I can't take near as much into my mouth as you can, though..." She smiled at Trisha. "I don't know how you do it, Trish...how did you fit that entire thing in your mouth?" 

 Now it was Trisha's turn to blush, and she gave a sly smile. "I don't know...practice, maybe. I'm sure you could do the same with a little work." 

 Mandy shook her head, her blonde hair flying across her flushed face. "No way, Trisha! That was amazing! I really don't know –" Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 15 ****** byHiddenDevil_© But then there were another two knocks on the wall; a third guy was waiting. Wow, Trisha though. It's a crowded day!Without hesitating, the cheerleader knocked back twice, and then grinned at Mandy. "Ready for another one?" 

 "Me?" Mandy responded, surprised. She was always so excited, but as soon as an actual cock appeared, she became nervous again. "But it's your turn!" 

 Trisha laughed. "Yeah, but this is all about you, remember? You're the one that's here to learn!" 

 "Yeah but..." Mandy paused. "...but then I can watch you again! I can learn that way!" 

 Trisha rolled her eyes. "Okay, how about this?" The cheerleader scooted across the floor, so that she was facing Mandy, her right cheek to the wall, the hole between them. "We'll share it." 

 Mandy looked confused. "Huh? What do you mean?" 

 At that moment, the stranger slipped his cock through the hole, and Trisha grinned as she gently wrapped her fingers around it, feeling the hot skin against her, the lust throbbing through the rod. Then, the cheerleader leaned forward, extended her tongue, and began to lick lightly at one side of the cock, running up and down the smooth skin. She could feel the rod jump at the feeling of her soft tongue, gliding across his hot flesh, and now she flattened it and began to lap hungrily, still at the side, the tip of her tongue just barely curling down across the muscular ridge of the shaft. 

 Mandy sat frozen, watching Trisha, still confused. The petite cheerleader gestured her friend forward, still licking at her side of the shaft, feeling it throb and pulse against her licks. Tentatively, the little blonde leaned forward, poking out her own tongue as if testing the air outside. Lightly, she began to lap at the other side of the cock. 

 Now the two cheerleaders were face to face, seated opposite one another on the floor, only a couple feet apart, their faces barely inches away from each other, their soft lips parted and their tongues extended. In between the two of them was a hard cock, poked through a hole, belonging to a complete stranger, who only needed to slide his meat through the wall for two cheerleaders to eagerly lap and lick at it. Trisha could feel her slobber beginning to drip off her outstretched tongue, and now a drop splattered past her lips and onto her tits, still visible, soft and bulging. For a few more seconds, the two girls lapped at his shaft from each side, but Trisha was quickly growing impatient. Winking at Mandy, the petite brunette leaned forward, opened her mouth, and gently eased the tip of his shaft between her lips, gulping him down. The stranger groaned out loud as the cheerleader slowly bobbed forward, her lips gliding down his hard meat, swallowing him into her wet, warm, soft mouth. Mandy was still licking at the shaft, but now her flickering tongue was running into Trisha's lips, as she gently rocked back and forth on his cock, slurping happily. 

 Then they switched; Trisha gently slid him out of her mouth and went back to licking at the base of his cock. Mandy didn't even need to ask what to do – she immediately replaced Trisha, sinking the top half of the shaft into her own lips, gulping and slurping just as eagerly as Trisha, plunging him again and again into her mouth. 

 "Ohhh fuck..." 

 The only sound in the room was the two cheerleaders' smacks and slurps as they lapped at the cock in between them. They were seated barely a feet apart, in identical positions on the floor, their slim legs curled under their butts; Trisha's long hair dangling down her bare shoulders and Mandy's gently fluttering back and forth across her cheeks and neck. From a distance, the two cheerleaders looked like they were kissing – it was only up close that one could see they were working together in pleasuring a cock. They were sharing, too, switching back and forth. One girl would slurp at the top half of his meat while the other one lapped hungrily at the bottom, lips gliding across the tip and gulping him gently while a soft tongue bathed his shaft with long, gentle strokes. Then they would switch, passing the cock between them, so that each had plenty of chances to suck and swallow him. 

 Trisha's eyes were bright as she stared at Mandy. Her friend was completely engrossed by the hard shaft in front of her, her blue eyes fixed on it, her whole body leaning forward as she eagerly lapped and slurped. She looks so happy...I'm so glad this worked out!Mandy's excitement was contagious; it made Trisha lick and suck the cock just as enthusiastically as her friend. She impatiently waited her turn to gulp him into her mouth, and when it finally came she guzzled him down like he was candy, thrusting her face down his meat, plunging him into her mouth, her cheeks flushed and her hair swinging back and forth across her face. When it was time to switch again, and Mandy began to edge forward, Trisha would reluctantly pop him out of her mouth, going back to licking at the base, watching jealously as Mandy would gulp the cock down just as eagerly. 

 Now, the little blonde once again reached up and pulled her hair into a bundle away from her face, and slowly pushed herself forward. Inch by inch, the cock disappeared between her lips, and Trisha could hear Mandy smacking and moaning with effort as she plunged as deep as she could. Trisha's cheek was now pressed against the wall as she continued to lap. Hey...she's not leaving me any room!She turned to glance at her friend, and saw Mandy's blue eyes staring straight back at her, delighted and playful. Only a couple inches of the shaft was still visible, the rest plunged into Mandy's stretched lips. When the little blonde couldn't take any more, she wrapped her lips tight and gently sucked, keeping him buried in her mouth, slurping hungrily before finally pulling back. 

 Trisha's eyes glittered mischievously as she tossed her hair back, preparing for her turn. Not bad, Mandy...but watch this!Trisha eagerly opened her lips and gulped the cock deep, feeling the hard shaft spear into her mouth, pressing against her tongue. She breathed through her nose as she continued to gently plunge herself forward, feeling him sink inch by inch into her lips, pushing further back in her mouth. The cheerleader gently craned her neck as she slurped, feeling the cock stretch and stuff her little mouth, her heart pumping with excitement. Now it was Mandy who had her cheek pressed against the wall, lapping at the few inches of the cock still protruding out of Trisha's slobbery lips. Their lips were barely an inch apart, and Mandy was staring at Trisha now, watching the cheerleader gulp and suck. With a mischievous wink, Trisha leaned even further forward, and suddenly, with a yelp, Mandy pulled her head back and watched as Trisha swallowed the entire length of the cock, pressing her lips against the wall, gulping him deep into her mouth and shimmying him down her throat. Her lips were stretched and stuffed by the massive rod, cutting off her breathing, but even so the cheerleader kept him buried for a few seconds, relishing the feeling of her lips against the wall, her cheeks puffy with slurping down his full length. 

 "Trisha!" 

 Edged out by her friend and now with nothing to lap at, Mandy was now pouting angrily, forced only to stare as Trisha throated the stranger's entire cock. At last, the petite cheerleader pulled back, easing the shaft back out of her mouth and throat, gasping for breath as she did it, feeling a stream of her slobber run down her lips and chin. Almost immediately, the sulking blonde grabbed the cock with one hand, wrapping her fingers around the base and eagerly plunging him into her own mouth. Mandy did her best to imitate Trisha, thrusting her face up against the wall, pumping his cock into her mouth, sinking the shaft inch by inch between her plump lips. But only a few seconds later, the little blonde let out a loud choke, her chest convulsing and her cheeks puffing. Drool spilled out of Mandy's lips, dribbling down her chin and onto her jeans as she gagged; she had pushed herself too far. Unable to deep- throat the cock like Trisha, Mandy instead began to bob vigorously back and forth, her hair flying in her face, her body rocking back and forth on the floor as she leaned into the cock. 

 "Ohhhh fuck...yes...." 

 Trisha watched, impressed, as Mandy slobbered and slurped on the throbbing rod. Mandy's lips were smacking and struggling down the rod as she frantically shoved the cock into her face, gurgling and whimpering with effort, refusing to be outdone by her friend. At the sound of the stranger's groan, Mandy had directed her blue eyes up at the mirror – a blue-eyed eighteen-year-old, staring up at some unknown man's face while his dick plunged into her mouth. 

 "My turn!" Trisha said impatiently, and Mandy reluctantly obeyed, letting the cock pop out of her drool-coated lips. Trisha didn't even wait for Mandy to finish sliding the dick out of her mouth; she pressed her cheek against Mandy's and slipped her own lips over the throbbing tip as soon as it eased out of Mandy's mouth. Her chest bubbling with excitement, the cheerleader quickly thrust her face against the wall, once again throating the shaft, swallowing his entire length into her wet mouth, stretching her lips as wide as she could. With her breathing cut off and her throat stuffed with cock, she couldn't bob back and forth as fast as Mandy, but the stranger's groan was just as loud and deep as before. 

 "Uhhh...oh yes...good little sluts. Suck my cock, baby, suck it..." 

 Good little sluts...The phrase ran through Trisha's head again and again as she slurped, her lips gurgling around the base of the rod, her mouth stuffed to the brim. Each word sent a thrill through her little body, reminding her just how dirty she was. Seated on the dirty floor of some smutty bookstore, gulping down a complete stranger's rod – it was so nasty! The petite cheerleader's tank top was yanked down below her chest, along with her bra, showing off her perky tits and her slim frame. Her miniskirt barely even covered her ass, it was so short, and now Trisha eagerly reached down and pulled it up one more, bunching it around her dainty waist, showing off her slender legs and her smooth butt. 

 But the best part of all wasn't just her own excitement – it was the fact that Mandy was loving every second of it too. After several seconds, Trisha wrenched herself off the cock, gasping for breath as her slobber puddled on the floor, and she watched as her friend eagerly plunged the rod back into her lips, bobbing quickly back and forth, happy to have her turn again. She looked so prim and proper in her jeans and plain blouse, her face innocent and cute, her eyes bright and sweet. But her neat blonde hair was flying everywhere in a frenzy, tossed back and forth as she thrust herself back and forth on the rod, gulping him down so fast that she was whimpering in her effort. Now, neither girl was bothering to lean forward to lick at the shaft when it wasn't her turn. Instead, each time they switched, the two cheerleaders would only sit back and admire the other one as she slurped, watching impatiently, licking their lips as they waited for their turns to once again feel the cock plunge deep into their mouths. Back and forth they switched, whimpering as they did it, their streams of drool trailing from the cock to their soft lips each time they popped it out of their mouth, coating both of their chins and the entire shaft, dribbling in pools and trails on their laps and the floor. The empty room rang with eager slurps and smacks and moans; the only sounds that came from the two girls as they eagerly pleasured the stranger's meat. 

 At last, a loud groan burst through the wall. "Ohhh...oh yesss...I'm gonna cum!!" 

 Trisha's chest fell with disappointment at his words – she was having too much fun! It was Mandy's turn when he said it, and the little blonde pulled herself back, easing the cock out of her smacking, slurping lips, unsure what to do. Who gets to swallow his cum? 

 Trisha had an idea. She grinned at her friend as she took hold of the shaft with both hands, her dainty fingers wrapping around the slobbery cock, and with a loud squelch, she began to jack him off. Her fingers were soft but firm, gliding quickly over his meat, feeling his lust throb and pulse in her hands. As she did it, the petite cheerleader scooted forward and tilted her head back, extending her tongue, so that the tip of the cock was now just inches away from her lips and flushed cheeks. 

 For a moment, Mandy didn't know what was going on, but after a few seconds of watching Trisha jerk off the cock, she got the idea. The little blonde scooted next to Trisha, cheek to cheek, and tilted her own head back as well, opening her mouth, awaiting his load. 

 The stranger let out a wild groan. It was something straight out of a fantasy or a dream – two eighteen-year-old cheerleaders, barely five feet tall, sitting side by side in front of his cock with their mouths open, obediently awaiting their reward. Their naked tits stared up at him along with their eager faces; the brunette's ample and curvy, the blonde's small and soft, with bright pink, poking nipples. Trisha's hands were wetly sliding over the swollen rod, stroking it with her soft fingers, coaxing the hot cum out of his balls. 

 "Ohhhh FUCK!!!" 

 The first blast of caught Trisha by surprise, and it shot across her face in one long stream, from the part in her hair down her forehead and her nose and her open lips, all the way to her drool-coated chin. Mandy giggled; it looked like someone had drawn a line all the way down the middle of her friend's face with white, gooey cum. Sputtering, Trisha recovered just in time to jerk the cock slightly to the left, directing it at Mandy. 

 Now it was the blonde's turn to sputter in surprise, as the next stream splattered straight across her lips and her right cheek, splashing onto her twitching face, so strong that a few drops flew into her unsuspecting, bright blue eyes. Mandy scrunched her face up in shock, feeling the hot jism on her cheek, sneaking her tongue out to taste the tangy seed. Trisha directed the third stream back on herself, feeling it shoot straight into her open mouth, a hot blast of cum on her taste buds. Then the fourth stream was back on Mandy, hitting the little blonde across the bridge of her wrinkled nose in one big glob. Finally, Trisha slid her fingers up to the tip and gently milked the rest of the stranger's cum out of his pulsing shaft, listening to his groans as she watched the white juice dribble across her hand. 

 Finally, the two cheerleaders leaned back, and the man let out a soft, satisfied moan as he backed away from the wall. Trisha grinned as she turned to Mandy. The blonde's entire face was splattered with the white, sticky liquid, trailing across her nose and down one cheek, sprinkled in her eyelashes, dribbled across her lips and her already-soaked chin. She flashed a grin back and doubled over in giggles. 

 "Trisha!" She laughed. "You look so funny!" 

 The cheerleader laughed too. She could feel the long stream of cum sticking to her forehead and her nose, coating her lips, a few drops even messily splashed in her hair. She licked her lips and took a gulp, swallowing the hot jism as she grinned. Then she leaned forward, her long hair draping over her shoulders, extended her tongue, and began to lick at Mandy's face, following the streams of cum across her friend's nose. 

 "Hey! Trish!" Mandy giggled again, her face twitching involuntarily. "That tickles!" 

 Trisha kept licking, tracing the cum across Mandy's face with her tongue, feeling her friend's warm, flushed skin against her soft lips. The little blonde kept giggling as she quickly dipped forward and began to lick at Trisha's face, lapping up the cum on her chin. The cheerleader felt her own face twitching as well, at the feeling of the warm, wet tongue on her face, and she felt a laugh bubbling up in her own chest. She's right...it does tickle! 

 Then, the two cheerleaders fell into fits of giggles, playfully licking at each other, trying to dodge the other one's tongue at the same time as they lapped up every last drop of cum, cleaning each other off like a pair of kittens. Each time Trisha felt Mandy's tongue tickling her cheek or her nose, she couldn't keep in another burst of laughter. And it seemed to be contagious, too; each time she laughed, Mandy did too, and it zoomed back and forth between them until both of them could barely keep their breath. From outside, in the hallway, they must have sounded like any other pair of high school girls, giggling at some gossip. 

 At last, when each of them had satisfactorily cleaned the cum off the other girl's face, Trisha and Mandy leaned back, and the two cheerleaders swallowed at the same time, gulping down the cum they had collected in their mouths from the other one's face. Trisha smacked her lips and grinned at her friend. 

 "Well?" 

 Mandy's smile was sparkling. "I...I loved it! That was so much fun, Trisha!" 

 The cheerleader was delighted. "Really? You really did like it?" 

 "Yeah! Well..." Mandy leaned back on her heels. "I don't know if I like cum, Trish. It tastes kind of funny." 

 Trisha shrugged. "Yeah, it does. But what about the blowjob?" 

 "Well..." Mandy gave a half-sly, half-bashful grin. "...that part was pretty fun!" 

 Trisha laughed. "I could kinda tell you were enjoying it." 

 "You could?? Oh, Trish...I'm so happy you talked me into this. It was so exciting! I felt so...I don't know..." 

 Trisha grinned. "Sexy?" 

 Mandy's eyes glimmered, and she nodded eagerly. "Yeah. I'm so excited now to try it out with Jon!" 

 The cheerleader gave a sigh of relief. "So you're happy I brought you here, right Mandy?" 

 "Huh? What do you mean?" Mandy was busy readjusting her bra, carefully fitting the cups back over her tits and buttoning up her blouse. 

 Trisha looked down at her lap. "I mean...you really are glad I brought you here and did this stuff with you, right?" 

 Mandy looked up. "Of course I am! I asked you to help me, remember?" 

 Trisha nodded. "Yeah, I know. I guess I was just afraid that...you'd think I was a terrible person or something." 

 "Why would I think that?" Mandy looked incredulous. 

 Trisha sighed. "I don't know... I just...I feel so terrible these days. I mean, my life has changed so much this year, and I thought that I was fine with it, but now....I'm not so sure. I mean, I'm betraying Britney! I'm breaking my promise and seeing Dan behind her back!" And even worse are all the things I let Dan do to me. I let him treat me like a dirty slut – I let him invite his friends to fuck me together, to pass me around like a whore...and all because deep down, I love every minute of it. "Sometimes I feel like maybe I'm just a bad person, Mandy. Maybe there's something wrong with me." 

 "Trish." Mandy reached forward and took the cheerleader's hand, her blue eyes fixed right on Trisha's pouting face. "Listen to me. You're a good person, okay? I know you never meant to hurt anyone. Everyone makes mistakes, and it's not a big deal. You just have to be honest with Britney, and I'm sure things will work out." She smiled. "You're a good girl, Trisha. You always have been, I promise." 

 Trisha nodded, smiling at her friend. Mandy is so sweet."Yeah...okay. Thanks." 

 Suddenly, Mandy's cell phone chirped. 

 "Oh, no!" The blonde's hand went to her mouth as she stared down at her phone. "Trish, it's almost six! I have to meet Jon for dinner in half an hour!" Mandy quickly scampered to her feet, smoothing out her blouse, wiping the drying drool off her chin. Then she hurried out of the room, heading for Trisha's car. 

 Trisha quickly slipped her own bra and tank top back over her chest, struggling for a moment to fit her ample tits into the cups, and to rearrange the plunging neckline so that they didn't poke out for everyone to see. Then she followed Mandy out the door, her heels clicking on the floor. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 15 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Tell next time, babe!" A voice shouted out from the other wall. 

 Trisha laughed, and fluttered a wave at the mirror over her shoulder. "See ya, boys!" She threw a little extra sway into her hips as she walked out into the store, feeling her miniskirt swish against her swinging hips, just barely tickling the tops of her thighs, knowing that many eyes were following her petite figure out the door. She remembered the first time that Britney had brought her here, how the head cheerleader had forced her to walk out in just her skirt and her bra, how she had timidly scurried through the store, embarrassed that the people in the other room would see her face to face. Now, she felt her chest rising with pride as she walked out, her heels clicking, her slender legs shown off by her little skirt, her tiny waist and frame hugged by her tank top, accented even more by her perky tits, peeking out of her plunging V-neck. Her wavy brown hair draped across her slim shoulders and down her back. 

 "Come on, Trish! Let's go!" Mandy was already across the store, waiting at the door. 

 "Okay, I'm coming, hun!" The petite cheerleader picked up her pace, feeling the miniskirt begin to flutter up her ass as she sped up. But then, she stopped. Hun?? 

 I just called Mandy "hun!" That's Britney's word! I've never said that before!Trisha blinked, then hurried after Mandy into the parking lot. Weird! Am I starting to talk like Britney? 

 The cheerleader sighed. Britney... Mandy was right; Trisha was a good girl, and a good friend, and that meant she had to tell the head cheerleader, even if it made her feel terrible, even if it meant getting into a fight. It was the right thing to do! Trisha nodded to herself as the two girls climbed into her car. It's the right thing to do, and I'm going to do it! Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 16 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 Trisha was seated on Britney's bed, her eyes down on her lap. The petite cheerleader's legs didn't reach the floor, so her feet dangled in the air, her flip-flops ajar. She had pulled her long, wavy brown hair into a long ponytail that dangled down her slim back, between the straps of her lacy tank top. Her hands were folded quietly in her lap, resting on top of her miniskirt. 

 Britney was leaning against her desk. The head cheerleader's shimmering blonde hair dangled down her gorgeous body, framing her round, double-D chest, bulging in her plunging V-neck blouse. Her long, slim legs were crossed one over the other, clad only in a pair of denim shorts and ankle-high boots. Every time Trisha saw her friend, she couldn't help admiring Britney's incredible figure &ndash; her plump, heaving tits, her tiny waist, her firm, perky ass poking out of the bottom of her shorts. But this time, Trisha could only manage to stare at Britney for a second before quickly looking back down at her lap, ashamed. 

 She had just told Britney &ndash; at last &ndash; everything about Dan. She had planned everything out so carefully with Mandy, making sure to include that she felt terrible about the whole thing, that she hated Dan for getting in between them. And she really did. Trisha was sick of feeling guilty every time she saw her best friend: the friend who had helped her change from a shy cheerleader into a happy, fun girl. She just wanted the whole thing to be over. But as soon as she started speaking, she felt so ashamed. It was such a simple request: just stay away from Dan! There are so many other boys out there…why couldn't I just keep my promise?Trisha shook her head as she felt her cheeks redden. 

 "Brit…I…I…" Trisha looked up a second time, gulping, feeling tears starting to form in her eyes. 

 "Trisha, it's okay." The head cheerleader interrupted her. Britney wasn't smiling, but her blue eyes didn't look mad. "I…know you feel bad about it. That means a lot." 

 "I'm a terrible friend!" Trisha blurted out; she couldn't keep it in any longer. "I know I shouldn't have done it…and I shouldn't have lied to you…and I should have told you right away…and…and I'm sorry!" 

 "Trish, you've said sorry like a million fucking times," Britney said, sounding a little amused. "Look…I'm not thrilled about all this, obviously. I mean, you shouldn't have done it." 

 Trisha quickly looked back down at her miniskirt, her vision starting to grow blurry as more tears formed. She tried her best to keep it quiet, but couldn't stop a small sniffle. 

 "But…" Britney sighed. "…I know you know it was wrong. And I know that you won't do it again. So…" 

 For a few seconds there was silence in the room, with Trisha staring down at her legs dangling off the bed, and Britney standing, staring at Trisha. At last, despite herself, the cheerleader looked up. "So…?" 

 "So…I forgive you, I guess is all I'm trying to say." Finally, Britney smiled. 

 That's it???For a moment, Trisha forgot to feel guilty; she was just shocked. Britney had done so much for Trisha; befriended her, supported her when she needed help, always working to lure the shy brunette out of her shell. This was the only thing she had ever asked Trisha to do, and the cheerleader couldn't even do that in return. Trisha suddenly realized that this made it even worse &ndash; Britney shouldn't be forgiving her this easily. She shouldn't still be so sweet to me when I don't deserve it…it's not fair! She should get mad! She should yell at me! 

 "Britney…" she protested. "You…I don't…I don't deserve a friend like you!" 

 Now the head cheerleader laughed, looking embarrassed. "Oh shut up, Trish." 

 "No, I'm serious! You've done so much for me, and I've never ever done anything for you in return, and you're such a good friend, and I'm a terrible one, and…" 

 Now all the things that Trisha had prepared, all the things she had planned to use to defend herself when Britney yelled at her came spilling out &ndash; even though Britney wasn't angry at all. 

 "I…I tried, Britney! I really did! I trusted you, and…I tried to ignore him, too! He's always the one who calls me, and shows up to my house, and…look!" Trisha grabbed her cell phone out of her purse and frantically flipped through her text messages till she found one from Dan. She quickly flopped off the bed and hurried over to show Britney. 

 The head cheerleader glanced at the phone for a few seconds, but then quickly pushed it away. "Trisha, it doesn't matter, I haven't spoken to him in a long time." Trisha quickly lowered her arm. Of course Britney doesn't want to see his message…why would she? I'm being such an idiot! 

 "Listen to me, Trisha," Britney said, because the petite cheerleader had opened her mouth again, desperate to apologize more. "I…don't really care who's done more for who, okay, hun? I just don't think about it that way. And the thing is…" 

 The head cheerleader faltered, her gorgeous blue eyes flickering to the floor. "The thing is…it's not like you haven't done anything for me. I mean…you're my friend, aren't you? And I know I don't show it, and I wouldn't change anything about myself even if I could, but…sometimes it gets lonely being the class slut. Sometimes you get fucking tired of all the other girls hating you." 

 Trisha stared at Britney. She could remember the way the other cheerleaders would always talk about her as soon as she left the room, the way they would all glare at her as she strode confidently down the halls, catching the eyes of all their boyfriends. And then she couldn't help herself: she rushed forward and, standing on her tip-toes, reached up and wrapped her arms around Britney, hugging her much-taller best friend. She could feel tears pooling in her eyes and starting to run down her cheeks. 

 The head cheerleader jolted in surprise, then burst out laughing, returning the hug. When Trisha finally pulled back and sank back down on her heels, she looked up to see Britney smiling at her, her cheeks red and her eyes also a little watery. The two girls giggled as they grinned at each other. 

 "You're always so hard on yourself, Trish!" Britney laughed. "You're such a good girl that one little mistake seems like the worst thing in the world to you. There's some Kleenex in my purse, by the way." 

 Trisha sniffed and laughed too. "Thanks." She suddenly realized that Britney's purse was the same as hers &ndash; the two cheerleaders had bought them together. She quickly found the tissues and began to dab at her eyes. 

 The tall, slender blonde smiled as she watched Trisha. "So…are we okay?" 

 Trisha quickly nodded. I should be the one asking that!"Yeah, of course! Thank you so much, Britney, you're…you're amazing!" 

 The head cheerleader laughed. "Shut up, hun. Hey, my parents are gonna be home any minute." 

 Trisha nodded in understanding, grabbing her purse from Britney's bed, smoothing out her miniskirt as she headed towards the door. "Okay. I'll see you at school, Brit!" 

 Britney smiled. " See ya, Trish." 

 Trisha was still sniffling slightly when she reached her car, and she glanced at her reflection in the rearview mirror. Her cheeks were a little red and her eyes were puffy, but besides that it wasn't too bad. Britney is so sweet…much sweeter than I deserve. She should have yelled at me…or called me a bitch, or a backstabber, or something! But she just forgave me. How could I have lied to such a wonderful friend??She was nearly home when her cell phone rang. It was Mandy. 

 "Mandy…I…I'm so glad you &ndash; " 

 "Trisha!" Mandy's voice was loud and excited, and the cheerleader had to pull the phone an inch away from her ear. "Oh, Trisha, guess what?? Guess!!!" 

 Trisha couldn't help smiling. "I don't know, Mandy…what?" 

 "We did it!!!" Mandy was so loud now that her yell was half-static. "We finally did it! Last night, Jon and I…we…oh, wow, Trisha, it was amazing!" 

 Trisha gasped. "That's great, Mandy! I'm so happy for you! And it's about time!" 

 "I know! I could barely wait through dinner, and I was so nervous too, but it was worth it! You should have seen his face, Trisha! I thought he was going to pass out or something!" 

 The petite cheerleader laughed. Mandy is so cute!"Wow, sounds like you were pretty good, then!" 

 "Well…" Mandy's voice was still excited and bubbly. "It's all thanks to you, Trish! He could barely speak after I gave him a blowjob." 

 "No problem, Mandy. Anytime!" 

 "And then, not only &ndash; Hey!" Mandy had suddenly remembered something. "Did you talk to Britney yet?" 

 "Yeah," Trisha said. "I'm driving home now." 

 "How'd it go?" 

 "I don't know…" Trisha sighed. "Britney was so sweet about it…she didn't get mad or anything! She just said she understood, and she forgave me. It was so wonderful of her, and I'm happy that everything is okay now, but at the same time…part of me wishes she had gotten mad!" 

 "Oh." Mandy's voice was softer now, but Trisha could tell that her friend was trying hard to keep her own excitement in check now. The petite cheerleader smiled; it was hard to feel sad, not while her friend was so excited about having sex with her boyfriend for the first time. 

 "Don't worry about it, Mandy. You were right, I should have told her sooner. I'm just glad I &ndash; oh! Oops!" 

 "What's wrong?" 

 Trisha was staring down at her passenger's seat. She had her own cell phone, but it was Britney's purse that was lying next to her. I must have picked hers up on my way out! 

 "Oh…it's nothing," Trisha told Mandy. "I just grabbed Britney's purse by accident. Geez…and I'm almost home too! I have to bring it back to her." 

 "Okay," Mandy said. "I'll call you later, okay?" 

 The cheerleader smiled. "I guess you probably have lots more to tell me, huh?" 

 "Yep! Bye Trish!" Mandy chirped before she hung up. 

 Trisha laughed as she began to turn the car around. It seemed impossible to be unhappy now. Talking to Mandy always managed to cheer Trisha up. 

 *** 

 When the petite cheerleader pulled back up to Britney's curb, she saw that there was another car in the driveway. I guess it's her parents' car. Maybe I should call her just in case.But Britney didn't answer. Oh well. 

 Trisha headed up the driveway, feeling the warm breeze run through her hair, her miniskirt waving around her legs, Britney's purse slung around her shoulder. Suddenly she stopped, next to the new car next to her friend's. Wait a minute…I recognize this car! 

 All of a sudden, Trisha felt her heart begin to pound, ready to burst out of her chest. The cheerleader bent down to peer inside the window, her eyes growing wide, completely ignoring her miniskirt starting to flutter up her ass as she did it. Then, she gasped. It's…Dan's car! 

 She stared a moment longer at the inside, unable to believe it. But it was definitely his; she remembered bending over that exact gear shift, remembered placing her hands on the edges of that driver seat as she leaned over his lap, slurping down his cock. It was definitely Dan's car &ndash; how did she not realize it until now? Her mind was whirling. Why is he at Britney's house? I thought she said that they hadn't spoken for years…why would she lie to me? 

 Trisha's heart was still pounding as she straightened, and turned towards Britney's house. She could feel the pulse thumping in her ears, drowning out the rest of the world. Unless..unless she...or they…no! She wouldn't! 

 For some reason, she felt something tugging her back towards the car; she felt that she shouldn't go see Britney now, even if she didn't know what was going on inside. But the petite cheerleader felt her legs moving her forward, and before she knew it she was at Britney's door, knocking loudly. Trisha's knees were weak. I know Britney would never do that…but… 

 There was no answer. Again Trisha knew that she should just leave, but instead she wandered off the doorstep, treading carefully in the soft flowerbed alongside the house until she was outside the kitchen. She had to raise herself on her tip-toes to glance inside the kitchen window. 

 It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to looking inside, peering through the reflection of the glass into the house. Slowly she began to make out all the shapes of the kitchen: the table, the sink, the refrigerator. And then she saw something moving in the corner of her eye…something rocking rhythmically, looking like it was two shapes… 

 Trisha gasped, and her heart sank. It was Dan and Britney. Somehow she already knew it before she even recognized them, but even so she had to stare for several seconds before her mind could register it. The tall, busty head cheerleader was standing and bent over the kitchen counter, her hands planted on it, her ass outstretched. She was still wearing her boots, but her top was in a crumpled heap on the floor, and her shorts had been yanked down to her knees, where they were now stretched between her spread legs. And Dan was behind her, his tall, muscled figure and curly hair unmistakable, his pants and boxers around his ankles, his shirt also crumpled on the floor. His hands were massaging Britney's tits, the two mounds too large to be single handfuls. His hips were moving hard and fast, powering his rock-hard cock into Britney's cunt. The lifeguard was looking away, but Trisha could see her friend's face, her eyes tightly shut, her face red with pleasure, her mouth open. The cheerleader knew that Britney must be moaning out loud, echoing through the kitchen but cut off from the outside. As Trisha watched, Dan slid one hand off Britney's tits, sliding it down her ultra-slim waist, past her taut stomach. Trisha could see Britney's body jolt and her back arch, and the cheerleader knew what was happening: the lifeguard was fingering Britney's clit, making her squirm and rock with pleasure, just as he had done so many times to Trisha herself. 

 The cheerleader wrenched herself away from the window. Without knowing it, she quickly strode back to her car, her shoulders back, her miniskirt swishing hurriedly. It was only after she got in the car that her thoughts began to rush through her, making her flush. 

 I told Britney everything…I confessed to her, even though it was terrible, even though I could have kept it a secret, even though it made me feel so guilty! And she…she just let me feel awful! Even though she was lying too!The whole way home, Trisha's mind whirled with anger at Britney's betrayal. Her fingers were sweaty on the steering wheel, her bare knees knocking against each other. She even ran two red lights, ignoring the honking sounds of other cars, not even hearing them. All she could think about was the sight of Britney, brazenly bent over the kitchen counter as Dan plowed into her, her mouth hanging open in a wild moan. 

 We were both lying…but at least I confessed! I felt guilty about it the entire time! I felt horrible! That would have been a perfect time for her to tell the truth too…but instead she just stood there and let me feel like I was the only bad friend! I…I can't believe her!Britney had always been so sweet to Trisha. Why would she do something like this now? 

 Trisha's parents weren't home, but it wouldn't have mattered; she immediately ran upstairs and slammed her bedroom door, flopping herself on her bed. She felt like there were two different Britneys now: the thoughtful, considerate one who had befriended her last semester when she needed someone to talk to, and now the one who was lying through her teeth, standing by and letting Trisha feel terrible. 

 Mandy was right! Britney was jealous of me…she just wanted Dan all to herself! But instead of telling me the truth, she tried to make it a big deal…she tried to get me to stay away from him while she fucked him the entire time!Trisha threw herself off the bed and began stomping around the room, thinking. Was that really it? Was she jealous of me?The cheerleader's little hands were clenched into fists, one tight around her cell phone. She thought Dan preferred me to her? That's so crazy though…I'm only a slut because Britney taught me how! I'd still be a shy, timid girl if it weren't for her! 

 Was that part of it? It seemed strange that Britney's student was now somehow a better slut than Britney herself. But maybe that's why Britney didn't like it...she didn't want to admit there was a sexier slut than her! She didn't want to accept that she was such a good teacher, she had taught me how to be a better fuck than her!Trisha's stomach turned with anger. And so she lied to me! She lied and tried to keep me away from Dan just because she didn't want her ego bruised!Trisha stomped her foot hard on the carpet, as if it had betrayed her just like Britney had. She wasn't sure if she was right or not, but one thing was clear: Britney was still fucking Dan, and she didn't want Trisha to have access to the same cock. Well, I'll show her! If she's afraid that I'm a better slut than she is, I'll prove her right! 

 Trisha glanced down at her phone. It was almost an hour since she had left Britney's house. Was Dan still there? No…he never sticks around after he fucks me. He always makes it a point to leave me still panting and recovering wherever we are. But another thought came to her that actually made her squirm with anger. Unless…unless he only does that to me, and he stays with Britney…Trisha shook her head fiercely, feeling her wavy hair flap against her face. Without pausing, without giving herself a chance to think about it, she flipped open her phone and dialed Dan's number. 

 "Hello?" 

 "Hi Dan, it's Trisha!" Even as she chirped hello, Trisha suddenly realized that he might still be at Britney's house, and a jolt of fright turned over her stomach. But then the cheerleader shook her head again. Why should I care if Britney knows I'm calling him? 

 "Trisha!" Dan's voice was amused; she could almost see him smirking. "Haven't seen you for a while, sweetheart." 

 "It has been a long time, hasn't it?" Even though Trisha's insides were boiling with anger, her voice was steady and strong, and now the cheerleader pressed ahead, refusing to give herself a chance to change her mind. "Well…why don't we fix that? Why don't I come over tonight?" 

 "Tonight?" Dan paused. Was he planning to see Britney tonight, too? Were they going to fuck more than once today? Argh…I can't believe Britney! 

 "Sure, Trisha. Sounds good." 

 "Great!" Trisha chirped. She was about to hang up, when something suddenly occurred to her. "Oh, and Dan?" 

 "Yeah?" 

 "I'm ready for anything tonight. Anything you want." 

 There was another pause on the phone; Dan was taken aback. Then his voice came through, thrilled and eager. "I hear you, my slut. Come over soon." 

 Trisha hung up, staring at herself in the mirror. She would need to shower, and do her makeup, and find a good outfit to wear. Even her reflection looked angry. I can't believe Britney! That…that bitch! And I thought she was just being sweet and forgiving…but really, it was just because she was going behind my back just like I was going behind hers!Trisha furiously tossed her hair, examining her petite, slender body in the reflection, her slim legs, her pouty face and brown eyes(narrowed now in anger), her perky tits riding high on her dainty chest. Now she cupped them and squeezed, examining the way they bulged and plumped together. Well…two can play at this game! Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 16 ****** byHiddenDevil_© *** 

 Later that night, Trisha was slowly walking up each flight of stairs to Dan's apartment. She remembered so clearly the afternoon in that hotel room, when Dan had invited a group of friends to bang her together; how filthy it felt to be spread out on the bed, surrounded by horny guys, feeling a storm of hands all over her petite body, getting taken and pounded from every direction. She remembered the feeling of getting passed around from one hard cock to the next, of hungrily slurping down a rod without even knowing who it belonged to. She had acted so slutty; but that time she had an excuse. That time Dan had blindfolded her and taken her to the hotel without telling her about it. 

 I don't have that excuse now…The drive over had calmed her nerves, and now Trisha suddenly realized that she was nervous. She took a deep breath, thinking about what she had just done: she essentially told Dan to do whatever he wanted to her, in the dirtiest way possible. And knowing Dan, he can think of some pretty dirty stuff… what am I walking into? 

 Trisha's black stiletto heels click-clacked loudly on each stair, highlighting her nervousness as she slowly made her way to Dan's door. The cheerleader was dressed in a black halter dress, the straps gently curving around her slender neck. The deep-cut V-neck plunged down her chest, between her bra-less tits, so that her two, perky C-cups bulged cleanly and visibly out of the thin fabric, her nipples firm and poking. The back of the dress was cut almost down to her waist, showing off Trisha's slender, completely bare back, and with each step her skin tickled with the feeling of her long, loose hair and the dangling ties of the dress's straps, swaying against her naked skin. The skirt of the dress was tight as it swayed across Trisha's slim hips, the hem stopping just above her knees. The cheerleader had gotten more than a few looks on her way from her car to Dan's building; a petite, eighteen-year-old brunette, barely five feet tall, her little hips swinging as she strode across the street in her heels, her slender curves hugged by her halter dress, her wavy brown hair dangling down her bare back. But now, as she stood in front of Dan's door, Trisha bit on her lip, hesitating, too nervous to knock. 

 Trisha knew that Dan was bad news; the lifeguard's lust for her petite body was insatiable. Even worse, though, was that Trisha knew that this was her last chance to leave. She knew that as soon as she felt Dan's hands on her little body, as soon as she wrapped her fingers around his cock, she wouldn't be able to say no. No matter how degrading he was, no matter how much he treated her like a worthless whore, Trisha knew that she would love every minute of it. As soon as his fingers reached for her pussy, she would lose control of her body and eagerly agree to anything he wanted. That's my weakness…that's what I can't resist about him &ndash; that he treats me like I'm nothing but a piece of ass, something to fuck and fill with cum. And that's why I should be leaving! 

 But then, the cheerleader remembered why she had called Dan in the first place: Britney. She remembered the image of the head cheerleader spread across the kitchen counter, her panties and shorts around her knees, her massive tits bouncing in Dan's hands. They had been fucking just barely after a teary Trisha had confessed and left. Did that bitch even wait five minutes before she invited Dan over? Probably not!Trisha's nervousness was no match for her anger at Britney: she wanted to get back at the head cheerleader, more than anything else. 

 Filled with resolve, the cheerleader raised her hand and knocked firmly on the door. She heard a hurried scuffle in the apartment and a moment later Dan stood in the doorway, grinning down at the petite girl. As soon as Trisha entered the room, she could smell the waft of beer. The cheerleader had guessed right; Dan had invited friends, and Trisha didn't recognize a single one of them from the afternoon in the hotel room either. Some of them were much older than Dan, and a couple looked like they had come straight from an office. They had apparently been waiting for her for a while; Dan's company had settled down around the room, and Trisha could see empty beer cans on the counter. But the moment she stepped through the door, every voice fell silent. The petite cheerleader blushed as one by one, she felt each pair of eyes sweep across her body, taking in the sight of her &ndash; barely five feet tall, standing nervously in the doorway in her heels, her halter dress hugging every inch of her slender curves, her long brown hair dangling down her bra-less back. 

 Trisha glanced around the room, doing her best to act casual. There were five friends this time. The cheerleader realized that Dan had also cleared a space in the middle of his apartment; in front of the TV, he had shoved away the couch and coffee table, leaving a large square of empty floor. Dan's company was scattered around the rest of the room, seated on chairs or perched on his counter, but they were all facing the space in front of the TV. It's a stage…Trisha thought. Are they…are they expecting me to put on a show? 

 Dan raised his voice. "Gentlemen, the guest of honor has arrived…may I present Trisha!" She felt Dan's hands gently caressing her bare back, sliding under her wavy brown hair, his warm fingers tickling her smooth skin. The rest of the room clapped and grinned, continuing to ogle Trisha's petite body, admiring her slender legs in her heels, her perky tits riding high on her chest, peeking out of the low-cut dress. The lifeguard leaned forward and whispered in her ear: "I'd go through some introductions, but it doesn't matter who they are, does it, my slut?" 

 Trisha shuddered and wrinkled her nose at the smell of beer on his breath. Her stomach was awash with butterflies again; she was starting to feel a little queasy from the way she kept flipping between nervousness and anger, between reluctance and determination. 

 Dan slid an arm around Trisha's waist and led her to the center of the room, facing her. The cheerleader shuddered slightly at the feel of the lifeguard's familiar touch; his hands, strong and rough as always, gripping her little body, drawing her into him with a sexual power that always made her weak with lust. It was instinct now: her petite body instantly felt a familiar twinge of desire as Dan's grip tightened on her, his hands now around her elbows, his strength coursing through them. 

 But just then, the cheerleader felt another body behind her, as Dan's grip tightened on her arms, pulling them behind her back. Before Trisha even knew what was happening, she felt cold metal tightening around her wrists, pinning her arms behind her. She turned her head to see one of Dan's guests standing right behind her, leering down at her. Her wrists were in his hands, and she looked down to see that he had handcuffed her arms behind her back. 

 Trisha gasped. Quickly, the cheerleader turned back to the lifeguard, her eyes bewildered and pleading. "Hey! Dan…w-what's all this?" 

 The lifeguard didn't answer, he only grinned down at her. Trisha felt a pair of hands on her shoulders, strong and forceful, pushing down on her. They wanted her to get down on her knees. She struggled against the hands and the cuffs, her arms swinging behind her back, her shoulders rocking, her hips wiggling. The metal clanked again and again as her wrists fought against the bonds, but of course it was no use. She was captured. 

 The cheerleader kept pleading. "Dan…wait a m-minute! I…I…" 

 But no one was listening to her. The hands on her shoulders were strong, and the little cheerleader felt her knees buckling. She reminded herself of Britney's betrayal once again, of the sight of her bent over the kitchen counter, of her blind anger as she drove all the way home. But even as Trisha surrendered and fell to her knees, resting her butt on the backs of her stiletto heels, she still couldn't keep the nervousness out of her pleading eyes. She couldn't shake the feeling that she was in way over her head; that she had thrown herself into a situation she couldn't handle, without thinking, on an impulse. She was surrounded by strangers who had plans for her she didn't know, her hands handcuffed behind her back, on her knees in the center of the room; a petite, helpless girl. Trisha suddenly realized that even if she wanted to, the men probably wouldn't let her leave. She gulped. Is this really worth it? 

 But Dan's fly was already unzipped, and his hands were now reaching around her neck, urging her forward. It's too late now…Trisha swallowed her nervousness, took a deep breath, and leaned forward to take Dan's cock into her lips. A murmur of approval ran through the room as the cheerleader gently eased his meat into her mouth, slurping softly, her lips soaking his shaft with her drool. 

 Trisha could use only her mouth to gulp down Dan's cock; she couldn't guide him into her lips with her hands, and so instead she had to raise her head up and down to meet his rod, lifting her butt off her heels and rocking back and forth on her knees as she slurped down his meat. She could feel the lifeguard's lust pulsing through his cock, throbbing against her wet lips, his hard shaft filling her warm mouth. Without her hands, her blowjob was sloppier than usual, and a few seconds later Dan's cock, soaked and slippery with her drool, accidently popped out of her slobbery lips, swaying in front of her face, swollen and red. Trisha heard more snickers as she leaned forward and strained, her mouth open and struggling to gulp him back down. 

 "Mmm…" Dan grinned down at the cheerleader, watching her petite body bob back and forth on the carpet as she slurped. The handcuffs around her wrists forced Trisha's shoulders back and thrust out her chest, showing off her perky, bra- less tits, bouncing slightly on her slender frame as she rocked back and forth. From Dan's vantage point, he could see straight down her plunging halter dress, watching the shape of her ample mounds strain and bulge against the tight- fitting fabric, watching her little butt wiggle slightly as she worked up and down his meat, her stiletto heels poking up in the air. A stray strand of Trisha's brown hair had dangled across her face, and Dan could see the cheerleader's arms straining against the cuffs; she was instinctively moving to brush it out of the way before remembering that she was restrained. He laughed to himself, gently jutting his hips into her slurping mouth, pumping his cock deep between her lips. "Good girl," he murmured. "That's a good girl, Trisha." 

 "Fuck yeah…" One of the other men, the one who had handcuffed her, was massaging his crotch as he watched Trisha rock, gulping and smacking on Dan's rod. "She looks so fucking hot…" 

 "Oh yeah…she can't get enough of that dick!" 

 Trisha felt her cheeks growing hot, listening to the voices over her head, admiring her as she slurped down Dan's cock. She couldn't help feeling proud, taking in all their compliments, relishing the lust in all of their voices. She responded by plunging extra far, sending Dan's cock powering into her mouth, opening her lips wide and spearing him deep. 

 "Get her out of that dress," said another voice. "Let's see that hot little body!" 

 "We'll have to undo the cuffs," said a third voice. 

 "Fuck that!" And all of a sudden, there was a person stepping towards Trisha, crouching next to her as she gulped down Dan's meat. He raised one of his hands, and the cheerleader saw a shiny pair of scissors. In the same instant, he grabbed at one of the straps of Trisha's halter dress, pulling the petite girl towards him. 

 Trisha let out a gasp. Dan's cock tumbled out of her mouth, and her eyes widened in horror as she watched the scissor blades close around the strap of her dress. 

 "Hey!" she shouted, and again she began to squirm, her arms and shoulders struggling behind her back &ndash; but once more the cheerleader felt the tight, unbreakable cuffs around her hands. 

 Snip!The scissors cut through the fabric of Trisha's dress as if it were air, and the cheerleader felt the tie around her neck loosen and flop uselessly across her chest. The tight dress still clung to her curvy body, but she could feel the top of it beginning to sag, showing off a generous view of her perky tits. 

 "Hey!" Trisha shouted again, and this time she attempted to stand. But someone else was faster; she felt firm hands on her shoulders, and the cheerleader quickly plopped back down on her knees on the carpet. The man with the scissors grinned as he leaned forward, his face red with alcohol, his eyes greedily taking in the sight of Trisha's half-bare chest. Again the scissors came forward, and Trisha gasped and stiffened as the man carefully positioned the blades right in the middle of Trisha's V-neck, the cold metal sliding in between Trisha's tits, against her trembling skin. 

 Snip…snip…In an instant, Trisha stopped squirming and froze, her eyes wide and nervous as she stared at the scissors, feeling the metal slide slowly down her taut stomach. The man was cutting a split straight down the middle of Trisha's dress, in between her tits and over her belly button, and with each clip the material sagged further off the cheerleader's petite body. Her full, ample chest was finally revealed, breaking free of the tight material, the two soft mounds firm and high on her chest, the tiny puffy nipples stiff and hard in response to the cold blade sliding down her slim frame. 

 "Good girl, Trisha," Dan said, grinning as the man sliced her dress in two. "Stay still." The scissors had reached the level of her hips, and were now moving towards the slope of her thighs. Then, she felt the metal sliding across the lace of her thong, still cutting easily through the material of her dress. The cheerleader felt a shudder building in her body, but she tensed and held it in, trying to stay as still as possible, her nervous eyes still on the scissors. She looked up to see the man's eyes widen with anticipation as, bit by bit, the slit down Trisha's dress revealed her bright red panties, barely a few inches over the soft mound beneath it, nothing but a thin string around her slim hips. Trisha could feel the blades tugging on her collapsing dress as the scissors continued between her trembling, slender thighs, only a few inches from the edge of her skirt, a few seconds from cutting her dress in two. At last, the cheerleader couldn't hold in her nervousness anymore, and she squirmed involuntarily, the handcuffs clinking as she rocked her shoulders back and forth. 

 "Please…" Trisha whispered. There was no point in protesting anymore &ndash; her dress was already ruined, her tits already on display. But still, she didn't want him to finish slicing the dress in two; she didn't want to feel completely helpless. This is what I asked for…she reminded herself. This is what I wanted…But now that she was here, now that she was really in the middle of a crowd of strangers, she was overcome with nervousness. 

 "Shh, Trisha…" Dan whispered back, grinning down at her. Frantically, still squirming, Trisha stared down at the scissors, and gasped: they were now at the hem of her dress, and then &ndash; snip! &ndash;they cut through it. 

 The room was warm and Trisha wasn't cold, but the petite cheerleader shivered anyway as she felt what remained of her dress slide off her body, falling down from her slender, curvy hips, away from her bare thighs and tiny waist, slipping off her dainty figure. The man with the scissors stood up, his work finished, but he didn't move away. Instead he stayed next to Trisha, staring down at her, grinning and taking in the sight. The dainty eighteen-year-old was now naked except for her thong and high heels, kneeling and handcuffed on the ground, the shreds of her dress scattered around her on the carpet. Her long brown hair dangled down her back and across her chest, but the wavy curls stopped just above her perky tits, so they could all admire her soft mounds, her pink puffy nipples and smooth skin. 

 "Holy fuck…" a voice groaned, and there were murmurs of agreement. 

 "She's fucking perfect!" 

 "What a hot little body!" 

 "God damn!" 

 Trisha blushed, unable to move to cover herself, unable to do anything but continue kneeling on the carpet in her thong and heels, on display; a petite eighteen-year-old who was helpless and ready for ravishing, listening to strangers leer and admire her naked figure. The cheerleader looked up at Dan, the only person in the room she knew, and the lifeguard grinned wickedly down at her. With one hand he gestured at his cock, still hard, still glistening with her saliva, dangling in front of her. "Well?" 

 Trisha hesitated. "I…Dan…" What was she going to say? 

 But Dan didn't give her a chance to finish anyway. The lifeguard stepped forward and gently slid both hands around the back of Trisha's neck. The cheerleader could feel her hair sway back and forth across her naked back as he gently pushed her forward. Obediently, without any other option, Trisha leaned forward and slowly took his meat back into her mouth, coating the hot, throbbing tool with her lips and her tongue, slurping softly. 

 The entire room was silent, every man engrossed by the sight of the naked, petite cheerleader licking and sucking at Dan's rod, so that the only sound were Trisha's wet smacks and gulps, echoing through the entire apartment. She kept slurping, even as she felt all of their eyes on her little body, all of them watching her lips glide across the hard skin of Dan's cock, eagerly imagining her warm, soft tongue bathing their own cocks, awaiting their turn to slide their hands around her neck and urge her forward. She was shamelessly on display, feeding the lust of all of these strangers, and suddenly Trisha felt her body leaning further forward, gulping more of Dan's meat into her mouth, plunging deep. The cheerleader had them all in her sway &ndash; frozen and speechless, unable to tear their eyes away from the sight of her smacking and slurping even if they had wanted to. 

 Then, Trisha heard a metallic sound. The man who had sliced her dress in two had tossed the scissors aside. He was still standing at Trisha's side, nearly shoulder to shoulder with Dan, and now the cheerleader saw he was unzipping his fly, sliding a hand inside his pants to pull out his rapidly hardening cock. The rest of the room came to life with motion, as the group hurried forward, climbing over couches and pushing aside chairs, closing in on the kneeling cheerleader like a pack of wolves. Before she even knew what was happening, Trisha could feel them all around her, forming a tight circle of eager bodies, standing and towering over her. The circle was so tight that the cheerleader could barely lean one direction or another without running into someone's knees &ndash; even now, as Trisha sat still, slurping down Dan's cock, she could feel bodies on either side of her, and behind her too, jeans legs just inches from brushing her back and her handcuffed wrists, shoes nearly touching the backs of her upturned high heels. And one by one, they were all undoing their zippers, pulling out their cocks, ready for her. 

 The man who had the scissors was closest to Trisha's face, and he was now edging forward, his hard cock poking out from his fly, the throbbing tip barely an inch from Trisha's right cheek, and at the same time, Dan's hands loosened from around the cheerleader's neck, freeing her. Before she realized what she was doing, the petite girl obediently slipped Dan's cock out of her mouth and turned to her right, popping the stranger's meat into her mouth without a word, sinking him between her slobbery soft lips, coating him with her drool. It was only when he let out a loud groan of approval that Trisha's eyes widened and she realized what she was doing. Not even a second of hesitation…the cheerleader thought. I'm sucking a complete stranger's cock, and I didn't even have to think about it! I didn't even pause for a second! Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 16 ****** byHiddenDevil_© The man's hands had slid around the back of Trisha's head, burying his fingers in her hair, his fingers tightly gripping her skull, and now he was jamming her forward, shoving his cock between her lips, fucking her mouth like a cunt. The cheerleader let out a muffled moan and her lips smacked loudly on his meat, drool dribbling down the shaft as she gulped and slurped. Her mouth was being stuffed and invaded, the rock-hard dick powering deep, forcing its way in and stretching her jaw wide. Trisha moaned again, but it was drowned out by another groan, this one more fierce and wild, as the man continued to pound his cock into Trisha's slobbery lips. 

 "Hey buddy, don't hog her!" 

 "Yeah, your turn's up, man!" 

 Buddy? Man? They don't know each other's names?With a disappointed mutter, the stranger reluctantly let go of Trisha's head, allowing the cheerleader to pull back and catch her breath. But after barely a second of rest, she felt another pair of hands grab her neck and pull her to her right. With a yelp Trisha desperately rotated herself on the carpet, following the pull of the hands, doing her best to scoot on her knees within the little space she had. Her eyes weren't even focused when she felt hot, hard flesh being pressed against her lips, and again the cheerleader parted them, letting him shove his cock into her whimpering mouth. She felt his hands tighten around her neck as he shoved her forward, and with a muffled cry Trisha lost her balance, tipping forward on her knees. The handcuffs made a loud, groaning clank as the cheerleader's shoulders rocked forward, trying to catch herself. Instead she toppled forward, her dainty body bumping into unknown legs and knees, her face colliding with the anonymous crotch in front of her. She heard laughter as the hands pulled her back, and she barely managed to right herself as once more she felt her head being plunged forward, and the cock powered deep into her mouth, stretching her lips and spearing deep, prompting a wet gurgle as Trisha struggled to take him. At last she managed to focus her eyes and glanced up at the stranger towering above her. He was wearing glasses and had a massive potbelly, so that she could barely see his nose and eyes over it, his gaze greedy and lustful as he watched the little cheerleader drool and slobber on his cock. 

 He continued to fuck her face for several more seconds, relishing the feeling of Trisha's soft lips around his meat, watching her drool dribble down her chin and glisten on his shaft. Then he let her go as well, and as she gasped for breath the cheerleader felt yet another pair of hands, just as harsh and rough, yanking her to her right, and once again she desperately scooted to follow them, making her way around the circle. This time her mouth was already open, so that the next cock didn't even need to force its way past her lips to plunge deep between her flushed cheeks, sliding against her soft tongue. Gulping and slurping, Trish accepted the cock as best as she could, breathing frantically through her nose, whimpering with effort as she sucked and smacked. This man was tall and thin and scrawny, but his face was just as lustful and eager, and his hands were just as hard around Trisha's head as he powered his meat into her mouth. 

 One by one, taking each cock in turn, the petite cheerleader worked her way around the circle, servicing each of the men, rotating herself on the floor so that she was kneeling properly in front of them. Some of them grabbed her around the back of her head, burying their fingers in her soft, wavy hair; others preferred to slip them around her smooth neck, forcing her forward. Some of them pounded her face with hard, fast strokes, making her cough and drool spill onto her chin; others plunged into her mouth with long, slow motions, so they could watch each inch of their shaft vanish between her soft, moaning lips. But none of them noticed that, as the cheerleader whimpered, as they yanked the little girl around the circle, her thong was starting to glisten with something wet and hot. 

 Trisha had instantly noticed the sopping wetness in her pussy, and even as she glided her lips up and down a random rod, her body ached to bury a hand in her swollen mound, to give her eager twat some relief with three fingers or more. More than once the handcuffs jangled and clanked as the cheerleader desperately tried to pull one arm or the other forward, craving the chance to shove a hand down her panties. But all she could do was whimper in lust as she continued to suck her way around the circle. 

 She couldn't help it; she could feel their hot lust building, filling the entire circle, flooding her as she knelt in the middle. Trisha could see their faces darken when she looked up into each of their eyes as she gulped down their rods &ndash; crazy, wild lust, completely unchecked desire for her, watching her sweet, pouty face gobble down their cocks like candy. Her body tingled with lust each time she saw their faces. Their looks of disappointment were just as good as they reluctantly let her go, passing her to the next guy, barely able to give up the feel of her soft lips wrapping around their cocks. And best of all was the sensation of their rock-hard shafts, powering into her soft lips, forcing their way in like a drill, pumping her whimpering mouth with an animalistic energy. She could feel their strength and their lust coursing through their cocks with each hard thrust, and it made her tremble with excitement. The cheerleader's nervousness was completely gone now, and she knew exactly why: All these hard cocks, all these horny guys…all of them bearing down on me…they all want their turn with the dirty little slut! They all want to violate and use her, just like she deserves!Trisha didn't even know what they were planning for her, but she knew that it would be incredibly dirty, incredibly nasty, and her pussy was dripping wet with anticipation. 

 It wasn't until the familiar hands closed around her neck, and the cheerleader looked up to see his same wicked grin, that Trisha realized she had slurped her way around the entire circle and was now back at Dan. With an eager wink, she voluntarily plunged herself forward, gulping his shaft down, relishing the same hard skin pressing against her hungrily lapping tongue. She looked up to watch Dan's face as she slurped, her brown doe-eyes on his, and realized that his gaze was drifting down her petite, rocking body, resting on her damp thong. 

 "Looks like you're enjoying yourself, huh Trisha?" He smirked as he stared at the glistening wetness in her thong. Then, as the cheerleader continued to slurp, he casually raised a foot and slipped it in between her slim thighs, resting the top of it just barely against her wet mound, and pressed firmly into her aching flesh. 

 Trisha's eyes widened and a loud, surprised moan of pleasure burst out of her, echoing through the apartment, accompanied by a wild stream of drool that poured down Dan's cock and onto the carpet. Her entire body flushed with the feeling of Dan's foot pushing into her cunt &ndash; even the slightest pressure raced through her, nourishing her eager lust, and her cunt cried out for more. 

 "Like that, Trisha?" The lifeguard grinned, and he began to gently run his foot up and down between the cheerleader's trembling legs, grinding into her sopping twat, sending jolt after jolt of carnal pleasure through her little body. Trisha nodded eagerly in response, the motion rocking Dan's buried cock up and down in her mouth as she slurped. Her hips began to squirm and rock against his foot, pushing back against him, rubbing her aching cunt against him. Ohhh yes…just like that! More! 

 "You like being treated like a nasty whore? Does it get you off?" Dan taunted her. The rest of the room laughed. They already couldn't believe that this sweet little brunette, barely five feet tall, with her pouty face and innocent brown eyes, would ever subject herself to this kind of treatment. Now, they all realized that it was turning her on too! Again Trisha nodded in response, her moans and whimpers muffled by Dan's cock, her lips slobbery and sloppy. Her shoulders jolted forward, so strongly that the handcuffs were painful as they dug into her wrists. Damn these handcuffs! 

 "You like sucking all these cocks, Trisha? You want to service every one of them, don't you?" The lifeguard grinned at her. Again Trisha nodded, her entire body rocking and squirming, her arms and wrists fighting the handcuffs even though she knew she couldn't escape. All around her she could feel their lustful eyes on her twisting, fidgeting body, wriggling frantically in her own lust, desperately rocking and grinding against Dan's foot, unable to contain her excitement any longer. Finally, Trisha wrenched her head back. "Please, Dan…" she started out. Please…please take these damn handcuffs off! 

 But she never got to finish her sentence. Dan's taunts were raising in volume, and now he shouted over her, cutting her off, so that the entire room could clearly hear him. "You know, Trisha," he said. "If you're going to service every one of these nice gentlemen, I don't think just your mouth is going to be enough." The rest of the group broke into grins and smirks. The cheerleader's plump, slobbery mouth was still open, and now as she looked around the circle she could see them edging forward, closing in on her. Dan continued on. "There's too many cocks for just one mouth, Trisha. If you want to do all of these men right, you're going to have to use your entire body." 

 And suddenly, Trisha felt hands close around her slim waist and her body lift off of the ground. She yelped out loud in surprise, her handcuffed arms wiggling in panic. The man behind her picked up the petite cheerleader effortlessly, and tossed her over one shoulder, so that her head was dangling behind his back, hanging in midair. Trisha's vision spun, her hair flopping down in front of her swinging face, her legs flailing blindly. But the man didn't seem to notice. Instead, he was talking over her yelps of protest, as if she wasn't even worth listening to. 

 "Where we taking her?" he asked. 

 "The couch," someone else said, and Trisha's barely-focused eyes caught the sight of an arm, pointing. "Put her on the couch." 

 "No," Dan said. "It's too small." Then there was a pause, as the group looked around the room, thinking. The only sound was Trisha's grunts as she kicked and wiggled on the man's shoulders, the handcuffs jingling as she struggled. 

 Finally someone spoke up. "How about the table? The dining table?" There were mutters of agreement and Trisha's vision spun once more as she saw the floor begin to move beneath her swinging head. Then, a second later, she felt the man hoisting her back off his shoulder, and with another shout she felt herself collapsing onto a hard, wooden surface. It was incredibly uncomfortable &ndash; she was lying on her back on a long, hard table, but her hands were still tied behind her, and so she was awkwardly lying on top of her pinned arms, smushing them between her petite body and the hard wooden table. Frantically, she tried to catch her footing on the edge of the table, but she heard a loud scraping as her heels clattered across the surface, quickly sliding off, leaving her slender legs dangling off the end. 

 Trisha squeezed her eyes shut as she tried to steady her vision, and when she opened them again she saw that they had all crowded around the table, grinning and leering down at her. Their eyes were dark and ravenous with lust at the sight of her &ndash; dainty and cute, her arms pinned, clad only in a bright red thong and stiletto heels. Trisha's long, wavy hair was splashed across the table, while on the other end her legs hung limply off the side. With her hands handcuffed underneath her, the cheerleader was forced to arch her back slightly, and now every one of her curves was beautifully on display; her slim, slightly bent waist sloping into her smooth hips, her dainty shoulders thrown back, her perky tits bouncing on her chest as she wriggled. Trisha rocked slightly to the left and right, trying to adjust her position, but no matter what, the wood was hard on her shoulders and her hips, and her hands and arms were painfully squished underneath her. 

 "Yeah," Dan said, grinning. "Yeah, she looks good there, doesn't she?" 

 "So who gets to go first?" He was asking the entire room, but he was still staring down at Trisha, stretched awkwardly across his dining table. "Why don't you pick, Trisha? Who gets to feel your tight pussy first?" 

 The cheerleader squirmed as she glanced around the table. Every one of their faces were red and thick with lust, their eyes barely human, seeing only the sweet, soft body in front of them, their cocks aching to take every inch of her. She could see hands reaching down for their dicks, all of them still coated in her saliva, stroking them gently, trying to soothe the throbbing. Even as uncomfortable as she was, she felt a shiver of eagerness run through her at the sight of their excitement, at the thought of what they were imagining doing to her, at how hard and fierce each and every one of them would pound their cocks into her. But how was she supposed to pick one of them? I mean…I've never even met any of them before! 

 "Umm…" she stuttered. "I…I don't know, Dan. I don't anyone's name!" 

 The lifeguard laughed loudly. "Me neither, Trisha!" 

 She blinked, confused. "W-what??" 

 The rest of the room was laughing now, too. "They're all strangers, Trisha!" Dan said. "They all answered a little proposition I was offering this afternoon in my building. They're paying for a little fun, and then they'll leave!" 

 Trisha gasped, her eyes widening as she glanced around the room. The cheerleader blushed bright red as she imagined Dan, knocking on random doors, stopping solitary men he passed on the stairwell to whisper discretely in their ear, offering her like a cheap slut! Grabbing as many people as possible, to share her together! Selling her!! They're complete strangers…they don't know anyone else here!She shuddered. Dan's....he's…pimping me out! I'm his prostitute, and all of these men are going to pay him for the chance to fuck me!And Trisha had come here tonight without knowing about any of this. I didn't even want any money…all I was thinking about was being ravished, violated…being treated like a dirty whore…And now, she really was &ndash; she actually wasa nasty slut, trading her little body for payment. 

 Around her, voices started to ring out, shaking her out of her thoughts. 

 "Let's get this show going, huh?" 

 "Yeah, hurry up, bitch!" 

 Their voices were no longer just excited &ndash; now they were rough and dangerous and impatient. Trisha raised her head and with a nervous tremble, she realized that that the circle had closed in around the table &ndash; they were all edging forward, and some of their faces were starting to darken in the overhead light, looking slightly uncontained. They seemed just on the edge of controlling themselves. Within seconds, they might lose it &ndash; they might jump her and take her like animals. Quickly she turned her head to face the man standing next to Dan. She couldn't point, so instead she just gestured at him with her chin. "Um…h-him. He's first!" 

 The man burst out in a grin, and in an instant he hurried, almost sprinted, to the end of the table, pushing the other disappointed men out of the way as he positioned himself in front of Trisha's dangling high heels. The cheerleader started as she felt his hands tighten around her ankles, and it was only then that the full reality of her situation crashed down on her. Trisha was now a whore &ndash; a real, actual prostitute, handcuffed and helpless in Dan's apartment, surrounded by strangers, by customers. This man was going to be only the first one to sink his prick into her, she realized. They're paying for me…which means they're going to ravish me as much as they can! They're going to get their money's worth! 

 She raised her head to stare at the man grabbing her ankles. He was stretching them far apart, splitting her legs into a wide, vertical V, exposing her pussy to him. His cock was hard and ready, and now she felt him grab roughly at her thong, not even taking it off but just shoving it aside. He wasn't looking at Trisha's face but only at her soft, wet, open cunt. 

 The man let out a groan as he slowly leaned forward, and Trisha's body instinctively stiffened as she felt his hips press against hers, his grip tightening around her dangling ankles. Her cunt was still swollen and damp from before, but now it was mixed with nervousness as Trisha stared up at all the strangers &ndash; no!she reminded herself, not strangers…customers… &ndash; and the discomfort of lying awkwardly on top of her hands on the hard table. She felt something hard and fleshy press up against her warm twat, and the cheerleader let out a soft whimper, unsure whether she was excited or frightened. The man groaned again as he began to gently rock against Trisha's pussy, feeling her soft, wet skin against his. 

 "Oh fuck…what a hot little piece…" His eyes were fixed on the tender mound between Trisha's spread legs, his mouth wide open, as if he couldn't believe what he was seeing. 

 "Come on, man!" The rest of them weren't muttering now &ndash; they were shouting, in strained, desperately impatient voices. "Let's go, asshole!" "Hurry up!" 

 As the petite cheerleader looked up, she realized that none of the men were grinning back at her anymore. They weren't even looking at her face &ndash; instead, they were all mirroring the man about to fuck her; they were staring at her slim hips, at her outstretched, slender legs, and at the wet, soft pussy in between. Everyone was stroking their cocks now, trying to contain their lust and their impatience; even Dan, who was watching the first customer, still staring down between Trisha's open hips. 

 "All right, all right…" he mumbled, and then he slowly eased himself forward, his hips jutting gently, his hands tight around Trisha's dangling ankles, keeping her legs spread wide for him. The cheerleader gasped as she felt him pierce into her cunt, his hard prick sinking into her tight canal, stretching her open. She was still soaking wet; his cock eased into her effortlessly, spearing deep into her quivering body. Trisha lifted her head to watch, but from her angle all she could see was his hips, slowly pressing forward into hers, matched by the feeling of him filling her, plunging into her swollen twat. 

 "Ohhhh Godddd…" he groaned, closing his eyes, his face going slack with pleasure. He buried himself even deeper in Trisha, prompting another gasp as she felt him power into her, and her legs and hips twitched involuntarily as her petite body accepted him. "Ohhh fuck…" 

 "How's it feel, man?" someone asked, too impatient to wait. 

 "Ohhh…she's so fucking tight…" he groaned back, and Trisha felt his hands slide off her ankles, then circling around her waist, his fingers tightening on her slim, taut tummy. Then, he bucked forward, his hips plowing into hers, and Trisha felt her body jolt upwards as his cock plunged deep into her pussy, his shaft throbbing and thick inside of her, pulsing with his lust. His thrust was deep, so deep, and it sent another spear through her, a powerful jolt of pleasure that didn't stop at her pussy but raced through the rest of her dainty, trembling body. Trisha's moan burst out of her chest, unbidden. 

 "Oooohh!" 

 "Uhhh!!" The man's groan was even louder this time, and his pace quickened in response to the cheerleader's cry of pleasure, driving his meat hard into her cunt, filling her body with hot, delicious shocks of lust. The cheerleader could feel her back arching and her hips rocking, her body working to meet his hips, inviting him deeper and harder into her soft pussy. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 16 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Yes…yes…yes!" Trisha's whimpers were rhythmic as she felt his grip tighten even more around her little waist, pulling her body against him, sending her sliding across the slick table as he pounded into her. Her slender, outstretched legs were now rocking in the air, her heels swinging. Her perky tits were flopping on her arched chest as she slid back and forth on the table, her petite figure being yanked by the man, her pussy stuffed and filled by his throbbing cock. 

 "Oh fuck…oh yeah…she's so fucking tight…so tight…" The man was lost in the pleasure of plunging into Trisha, his moans a stream of subconscious words, mixing with the cheerleader's own wails and the sound of his hips colliding with hers, of his balls slapping the mound of her cunt as he drilled into her. Trisha had titled her head back and closed her eyes, relishing the feeling of his hard cock inside of her, feeling his harsh grip around her waist as he thrust against her hips. In an instant, she had forgotten about the pain in her pinned arms, about the discomfort of the hard wood on her smooth skin. All she could feel now was her own lust, coursing through her trembling body, and the lust of the man pounding her hard and fast. 

 "Yeah…a tight little pussy on a tight little girl…" the man groaned. His face was growing red with effort as he pumped Trisha's twat, watching the petite girl slide back and forth on the table, her hair flopping on the surface, her legs rearing in the air. "How old are you, little girl?" 

 "Ooh! I'm…oh!...I'm eighteen…" Trisha whimpered back immediately, her eyes still closed, her body still rocking and bucking on the table, grinding against the thick cock. 

 "Holy fuck!" 

 "Jesus!" 

 "No fucking way!" 

 Trisha's eyes burst open as she heard the surprised shouts echoed around the rest of the table. She grinned up at them, a circle of horny men surrounding the table, watching her rock and slide across it as she eagerly took a hard dick. She imagined what was running through their minds now: hearing that she was just eighteen, that the little girl wiggling and whimpering on the table was still in high school must be such a shock. They weren't fucking just a used-up old prostitute, but a young, sweet little girl. The cheerleader could see their muscles tense with desires, their bodies rigid with eagerness, ready and impatient for their turn to despoil the innocent high school slut. And she felt her own lust building at the sight of theirs, her own body crying out for more, completely forgetting that she was handcuffed, that she was surrounded by strangers. 

 The man was still plunging deep into her, his cock hard and throbbing. Each thrust sent Trisha's petite body rocking and sliding across the table, and as the cheerleader stared up, watching their faces, she heard more words tumble out of her mouth, teasing them even more, eager to provoke their lust, to see their reactions. 

 "Oooh yes! I'm only eighteen!" Trisha repeated, her eyes bright as they flickered from face to face, drinking in the sight of their leers. She was mixing her teases with her moans of pleasure. "I'm not even out of high school!" 

 "Oh FUCK yeah!" That was the man fucking her, and now he was pumping his cock so hard and fierce into Trisha that the entire table was rocking, sending the cheerleader sliding to and fro, the wood creaking loudly, her long, splayed hair falling over the edges with the motion. Trisha raised her head to see his face between her spread, slender legs. He was sweaty and red, his hair matted around his forehead. His eyes were wide and crazy, like an animal ready to feast, and the cheerleader felt a wild lust of her own rush through her body at the sight of him. All around her, the rest of the men were staring down at her, hanging on her every, teasing word. 

 "Ooohhh…do you boys like that? You like fucking an eighteen-year-old girl?" Trisha grinned as she saw all of them nod in unison, their mouths open, their eyes wide. The words were just spilling out of her; she wasn't even thinking about them, only half-aware of saying them. The slut inside of her just knew what to say. "Ohh…oh yes! I'm…on the cheerleading squad at my high school," she told them. "You…oh!...you can come see me cheer at our games!" 

 "FUCK! Fuck yeah!" The man between her legs was rocking and bucking into her with all his strength, his face wild with lust, his hips a blur as he powered his cock into Trisha's twat. He was panting, his grip tight and painful around Trisha's thin hips as he pumped her body against his meat. Now, the cheerleader could see his eyes grow and his open mouth widen, his groans pouring out as he responded to her teasing. "Oh fuck…I'm gonna cum inside of this nasty cheerleader!" The force of his hips sent hers flailing across the table, her arched body writhing and rocking on his cock. 

 The rest of the room erupted. "No way man!" 

 "No sloppy seconds!" 

 "Pull out first!" 

 But the man shook his head, sweating profusely, on the edge. "Fuck, no…I've got to cum inside her… she's too fucking hot!" 

 The rest of the room kept protesting, each of their yells drowning out the others so there was only a blur of voices. Then, Trisha's clear, eager yelp rose above all of them. 

 "In my mouth!" the cheerleader suggested. "Then cum in my mouth!" 

 The rest of the room fell silent as every face stared down at her, stunned and gaping. The man gave a deep growl, and then Trisha felt his cock sliding out of her cunt, leaving her feeling swollen and empty. A moment later she felt hands on her face, and her head was wrenched to the side. He grabbed her mouth with one hand and yanked her lips open. Trisha was unprepared, and she let out a surprised sputter as she felt his cock plunge into her mouth. She barely even had time to close her lips around his shaft when she felt it throb and twitch, and in the same second her mouth was flooded with his hot, salty cum, each stream blasting across her taste buds with a spasm of his cock. The cheerleader swallowed it down, gulping the first wads of cum to make room in her mouth for the next, already spurting onto her tongue and spilling out of her lips and down her right cheek. 

 "Ohhh yeahhh…" With a satisfied groan, indicating he'd pumped the last of his cum into her, the man slowly stepped back, watching as Trisha swallowed a second time. The cheerleader turned her head back up and saw Dan's face above her, watching as she gulped down her first customer's seed. His eyes were just as lustful and hungry as everyone else's, and his mouth was in a wide grin. As Trisha stared back at him, she remembered his face through the window as he had fucked Britney only hours earlier, his groans of pleasure. But there weren't half a dozen men with him!She told herself. She wasn't as slutty as I am now!Thoughts of revenge came back to her now, building alongside her lust, making her chest rise with excitement as she stared up at the lifeguard. I'll show him who the nastiest girl is…I'll show him I'm a better fuck than Britney! 

 "Who's next?" she called out. 

 They all surged forward, unable to wait any longer, no longer thinking of turns or lines. The man with the potbelly had been standing closest to her legs, and he got there first, pushing others out of the way, grabbing onto the cheerleader's hips to stake his territory. Without even a glance at Trisha to see if she was ready, he plunged his thick dick into her, and the cheerleader bucked upwards as her aching pussy was filled once more. 

 "Ohhh!" she cried out, spreading her legs wide of her own accord, offering herself to him, inviting him further in. The rest of the men were muttering angrily, and now it became clear that they were no longer willing to only stand and watch. Trisha saw hands fly forward and in an instant they were on her body, caressing her smooth, curved hips and waist, grabbing and squeezing her tits, running all over her skin as the second man's cock began to plow hard and fast into her twat. 

 Every part of the young brunette was being fondled now; her chest and her hips, her smooth, spread legs; someone was even running a hand through her long silky hair. Trisha could feel their warm fingers all over her, damp with desire, on the trembling edge of grabbing hold of her petite body and taking her for their own, their cocks painfully hard with lust for her. She had done a flawless job of teasing them: beginning the night in a sexy, tight halter dress, getting down on her knees and sucking each of their dicks in turn. Then she had spread her slender legs for them on Dan's dining room table, handcuffed and whimpering and writhing on the hard wood, all the while making sure they knew she was just eighteen, cementing in all their minds the image of her as a cute high school cheerleader while they waited their turn to pound into her. Now their lust was amped up and bursting, and they couldn't contain their hunger for her any longer. 

 "Yes! Ohh God yes!" Trisha wailed. The man's hands tightened around the cheerleader's thighs, his thick fingers tight and painful on her soft skin. A moment later Trisha felt her ass begin to rise an inch or two off the table; the man was lifting her up by her legs, raising her hips to a better angle as he bucked furiously into her soaked twat. His cock was hard and hot and throbbing as it drilled into her, each thrust making her squirm and rock with pleasure. His strokes weren't as fast as the last guy: instead he would pull the full length of his shaft out of her pussy and then power himself back in, each pump rumbling through the rest of Trisha's body. The cheerleader was once again sent sliding on the table, but he wasn't yanking her back like the other man, so now Trisha felt herself being slowly pushed across the surface. Each thrust was so hard that it scooted her entire body, bit by bit, as she twisted and bucked on the hard wood. 

 "Uh! Uh! Fuck!" 

 "Ohhh! Ohhh…yes!" 

 The cheerleader felt her hair spilling over the other side of the table, billowing down in a long brown wave. Then, she started to feel the support of the table beneath her head fading away. With each hard pound the man was pushing Trisha across the table; the force of his cock pounding her pussy was so strong that he had slid the little cheerleader to the edge of the wood, so that her head was now tipping precariously over the edge. She began to squirm against him, trying to scoot back on the table, to keep her head on the table. But she was still handcuffed, and his hands were tight around her thighs, keeping her ass an inch off the table as he plunged into her. She couldn't do anything but succumb to his hard thrusts. 

 "Fuck! Fuck! Uhhh!" The man's groans echoed through the air, and Trisha felt his hands tighten on her slender legs as he began to pump even harder, his balls slapping against her cunt. His entire body was rocking with the effort of fucking her, and the motion sent Trisha's spread legs swinging back and forth in his grip, her stiletto heels dangerously sailing through the air on either side of his head. Trisha felt the wood sliding against her skin, her body sliding with each delicious plunge into her dripping twat &ndash; and then suddenly, she felt her head fall backwards into air, her neck straining, the edge of the wood cutting into the backs of her shoulders. The man had done it; his fierce fucking had pushed her so far across the table that her head was now dangling, upside-down, over the edge. Trisha yelped as her vision spun, switching from a view of the ceiling to an inverse view of the room. Her entire body was still rocking and grinding against the man's dick, and now her hair was swinging in the air as it dangled from her head, the tips brushing against the carpet. 

 Trisha squirmed again as she tried to fit herself back on the table, but it was still no use. She could feel blood rushing to her head as it continued to dangle upside-down, the edge of the table painfully pressing into the back of her shoulders and neck. "Hey…" she started out, trying to get someone's attention, to get some help. 

 Apparently someone heard her, because a second later she felt hands close around her upturned face, supporting her. The cheerleader waited for him to lift her head up and slide her back onto the table, and she opened her mouth, ready to thank whoever it was. But instead, she saw a blur of wrong-way-up movement in front of her, and then something hard and fleshy was pressing in between her parted lips. 

 Trisha's eyes widened and she let out a muffled gasp of shock. This man wasn't helping her at all! Instead his hands tightened around her cheeks, and he began to plunge his cock into Trisha's open, upturned mouth, ignoring her moans of protest, stretching her lips with his hard shaft. 

 Instinctively, Trisha's handcuffed body bucked and writhed on the table, struggling to free herself. Suddenly, she heard whoops and sneers all around her, and she realized how ridiculous she must look: stretched out on the table, lying on her chained arms, her legs spread in the air as one man pounded her cunt, and her head hanging upside-down and helpless off the other edge, her whimpering mouth pushed wide as someone else fucked her face. Her loose hair swung and flopped in the air as the man began to rock her upturned head against his hips, forcing her to swallow his meat. On each side of the table, the two men plunged their dicks into the squirming cheerleader stretched on top of it. 

 "Fuck yeah!" 

 "Use that little whore!" 

 Trisha heard the man plunging into her mouth grunt eagerly in response to their jeers, and suddenly he was jamming the full length of his cock between her stretched lips, his shaft powering deep down her unwilling mouth and throat. The cheerleader felt her chest heave and her body thrash as she gagged badly on his dick, and thick streams of her drool spilled out of her lips. If this had been a normal blowjob, Trisha's slobber would have dribbled down her chin &ndash; but the little brunette's head was hanging upside-down, and so now her face twiched as she felt her saliva begin to stream up her flushed cheeks, running across her nose. 

 Her hips were still being rocked and lifted against the man fucking her, his hands now sweaty with the effort of pounding her cunt, his cock throbbing with lust inside of her. Now, as Trisha helplessly whimpered, she felt the table creak and rock &ndash; someone was climbing onto it. Then, a second later, the cheerleader felt movement on either side of her slim waist, and two hands were pressing up on both sides of her perky chest, pushing the soft, round tits together. She tried to lift her head up to see what was going on, but of course she couldn't, not with the hands tight around her drool-coated cheeks, not with the cock still pounding into her moaning lips. A second later, she felt something hard and hot slide up between her breasts, and she understood. Someone was straddling her midriff as she lay on the table. Now he was grabbing her plump tits so they bulged together, and he was sliding his hard cock in between, titty-fucking her, enjoying the feeling of her soft, teenage chest around his throbbing rod. 

 There were more whoops and laughs and cheers. Trisha was being thoroughly violated now. Her slim legs were spread for a random man to plunge in between them &ndash; a man who had paid for that privilege. Her tits were harshly groped and pushed together for someone else to fuck, his cock firm and hard against the soft skin of the cheerleader's chest. She was being savagely face- fucked, her head dangling off the edge of the table, helpless to wrench herself away, her mouth shoved open and pounded by the hard shaft. Trisha's head was starting to throb with being upside-down for so long, but the man took no notice, continuing to plow his meat between her whimpering, struggling lips. 

 A second later, the cheerleader felt one hand slide off her thigh, and then one also fell away from her groped tits and one of her puffy cheeks. She heard more cheers and yells and some fleshy snaps above her squirming, whimpering body. They were high-fiving, she realized. These three men, all complete strangers, were now grinning ear-to-ear at each other as they ravished Trisha together, watching her squirm under their collective grips, watching her soft pussy engulf the hard cock pounding into it, watching her face twitch and her drool dribble out of her lips as she helplessly accepted the shaft pumping her face. Their hands were all over her, grabbing her legs and using them as leverage, tightly gripping her cheeks, mashing her perky chest. The little cheerleader could hear their groans ringing out together, could feel all of their thrusting, their rocking and pumping, their throbbing hot shafts on her and inside of her. And even as she whimpered and wriggled, even as she choked on the cock in her mouth and her head grow dizzy from hanging upside-down for so long, the cheerleader felt her own body burning hot with lust, thrilled by the way they were treating her, driven wild by the feeling of being violated like a slut for communal use. 

 That's what I am…Trisha told herself. That's what Dan has turned me into…an actual whore, a gang-banged slut!She felt her body arching upwards, her legs spreading wider, inviting the potbellied man even deeper into her tingling twat, to pound her body even harder. The jolts of lust pulsed through her, the throbbing of her pleasure drowning out every other thought. She had done this to them, she knew; she had turned them into these impatient, barely-controlled animals, into men driven half-crazy with savage lust for her soft body. 

 "Ughhh!!" A voice called out. From the distance, Trisha could tell it was the man fucking her pussy. "I'm…I'm gonna cum!" 

 The same chorus rang out as before. "Not inside her, man!" "Pull out first!" 

 "Ahhh…fuck!" 

 Trisha felt his grip loosen on her thighs, letting her ass slide back down onto the table. She shivered as she felt him slide out of her. Then, a second later her hips twitched involuntarily as she felt sometime warm and gooey splatter across her crotch, a stream of hot liquid that ran from her belly button to her little clit. The potbellied man let out a wild groan of satisfaction, and Trisha continued to squirm as she felt more of his cum spurt across her belly, coating the little cheerleader in his seed, one thick, white rope after another. 

 Trisha felt her body bucking upwards as the warm cum ran across her skin, her still-spread legs pumping in the air, her torso colliding with the legs of the man straddling her tits. She couldn't help it &ndash; her body was overflowing with lust at the feeling of his seed on her skin, at the sheer nastiness of the image of him pumping his load onto her body, depositing his cum on her instead of inside of her because other men wanted to use her pussy too. I'm a cum dump…a whore…a slut!The words ran through her mind, each one making her buck harder, wanting more. 

 A loud moan burst out of her heaving chest, and even though it was muffled, no one could mistake the pleasure in it. They all knew that she was relishing the feeling of cum on her skin, that she loved bringing them to orgasm. 

 "Oh God!" 

 Like a chain reaction, one man's climax led to another. The sight of Trisha squirming and bucking on the table, of the petite cheerleader taking pleasure in getting sprayed with cum was too much. She felt the hands on her face tighten, painful on her cheeks, squeezing her face together. Then, for the second time that night, she felt a cock throb and grow between her lips, filling with cum and jetting it into her mouth, one thick spurt at a time. The cheerleader felt her strained neck muscles struggle as she accepted his load, swallowing each stream as it came. At the same time, she felt the legs on either side of her begin to strain and twitch, and then she felt more hot wads splash across her chest and neck; the man titty-fucking her was cumming too. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 16 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Uhhh…ohhhh yesss!!!" 

 Trisha's eyes were closed, her body rocking and sliding uncontrollably on the table, her face red and flushed. The three men were cumming together, on and in her, all over her body and within her mouth, and she was drowning in the feeling of it, her body pulsing with pleasure, her lust throbbing through her head. Even as she felt the jism run down her throat, she could feel more of it all over her; a fan of streams on her belly between her pussy and her navel, more spurts coating her chest and collar. The first jet had been so powerful that she could feel it nearly reaching her chin, thick and sticky on her stretched, straining neck. All of it was wet and warm, tingling on her skin, evidence of her sluttiness, of the men's sated lust for her whimpering, bucking body. 

 There was a loud, collective sigh, as if the entire room was relaxing together. Then, Trisha felt the table rocking, her own body sagging back down. The hands slid off her thighs and face, the still-hard cock gently glided out of her mouth. The man on the table dismounted her, stumbling back onto the floor. For a moment, Trisha stayed spread out on the table. Finally, there was not a single cock in her or a single hand caressing her, but even so she kept her legs in the air and spread, her hips and back arched. Her head still dangled off the table, even as it swam with dizziness and her neck and shoulders cried out for relief. 

 Upside-down, she grinned. How's that, Britney?she thought. You think you're gonna keep Dan away from me? Not a chance!She was stretched out on the lifeguard's dining room table, coated with cum, her little body thoroughly ravished. He can't say no to a slut like me! No one can!She felt so arrogant and conceited: she wanted every guy for herself, she wanted to turn them all bright red with insatiable lust for her, she wanted to seduce Dan and prove she could do it better than Britney. But instead of feeling ashamed about her vanity, her body thrilled with excitement and confidence. 

 Her thoughts were interrupted by another pair of hands, closing around her slender legs. Four men had cum in her mouth and on her skin, Trisha counted; there was one left. A second later she felt herself being harshly yanked forward, being dragged back across the table, positioned for yet another fucking, her head and painful neck finally resting once more on hard wood. The anonymous hands tightened on her legs, harsh and hungry and strong, spreading them so wide that she was almost doing the splits in the air. 

 Before she even looked up, she knew it was Dan. The lifeguard's face was as lustful and animalistic as she'd ever seen it, his eyes narrowed as he gazed at the cheerleader, his mouth open in a growl of carnal pleasure. The cheerleader glanced down at her own body. It had felt like a lot of cum, even when she couldn't see it, but even so she was surprised at the sight. The entire part between her belly button and her cunt was glistening with white semen; there were so many fat ropes of it that they were starting to blend together into a single blanket of thick goo. Now that her head was raised, the load deposited on her neck and chest had started to dribble downward, running across the perky mounds of her tits. More of her upper body was covered with cum than uncovered, she realized &ndash; only a strip of her waist in between was unsullied. And the cheerleader knew that her face must be a mess, too, from her slobbery, choking, upside-down blowjob. She could feel her own saliva all over her cheeks and nose, globbed in her hair; some had even run up into her nostrils. The petite, unsure cheerleader who had nervously walked through Dan's door was now flushed and sticky with cum and drool. 

 Trisha stared up at Dan, drinking in his fierce, wildly hungry face. Has he ever looked at Britney like this?Trisha knew that he probably had; the head cheerleader was stunning, after all. A twinge of jealousy reared inside of her. She may have a better body than me, but…I'm the sluttiest girl around! And I'll prove it! 

 "Oooh, Dan…" she cooed. "What are you waiting for? Hurry!" She meant it, too; her pussy was still soaked and felt achingly empty. 

 Dan's voice was low and dripping with lust. "Take off her handcuffs," was all he said. 

 There was a rummaging on the other side of the table, as Trisha kept talking. "I've been a good girl for you tonight, haven't I? I've been a good whore…?" 

 "Fuck yeah, Trisha," Dan growled. "Yeah, you've been a good whore." 

 Trisha felt hands groping her back, heard the sound of metal around her wrists. Then, with a click, her hands were free &ndash; for a moment, she forgot what it was like to be able to move them. But then a second later she felt one free hand sliding down her stomach, the undone handcuffs dangling off her wrist. Then her body arched with pleasure as her fingers found her swollen cunt, already filled and pumped by two cocks tonight but still aching for more. As Dan watched, Trisha gently slid her fingers in and against the lips of her pussy, jolting as she did it, shivering and trembling with pleasure. Her palm smeared against the cum splattered all over her stomach, messily painting herself with it as she trailed circles around her cunt. The streams of jism were spread into a glistening coat on her entire midriff, sticking to her hand, pooling in her belly button. Trisha's body began to twist and writhe on the table, her back arching and her legs swinging, her arms trembling, her head rocking back and forth, savoring the freedom to finger her own pussy at last, to soothe her eager, crazy lust. All the while she stared back at Dan, as she moaned and whimpered and jolted in her pleasure. 

 Her pride soared as she watched the look in his eyes, so strong and dangerous that a shiver ran through her body. I'll make him want me more…I'll make him so horny for me he forgets completely about Britney! 

 "Are you going to fuck your whore?" she purred. Once again she didn't have to think: the words just poured out of her, coming from her carnal body and bypassing her brain altogether. "Are you going to pound my pussy now, Dan?" 

 The lifeguard was beyond words now. The only sound he made was a low, hungry growl, and Trisha's eyes brightened eagerly as his hands closed around her waist, pulling her toward him, and in a single, smooth motion he powered his cock into her sopping twat. 

 Trisha's body bucked furiously upwards in response, so hard that the table creaked with her thrashing, her head swinging upwards in an arc. She spread her legs of her own accord, straightening them and splitting them as wide as she could, making a V in the air to offer herself to him. Now her hand rubbed at her clit, as he pounded into her, her fingers gentle but firm on the swollen nub, tweaking it in circles so delicious that she had to squirm and twist on the table just to contain her pleasure. Her moans burst out of her, high and wild and eager, echoing throughout the room. 

 "Yes! Ohhh yes! Oh GOD! Just like that!" 

 Dan was groaning too, his thrusts hard and fierce, sending the table perilously rocking, the wood scraping and screeching, and the cheerleader rocked along with it, her dangling hair swishing, her legs pumping, her cum-coated tits swaying on her chest. His harsh growls were music to Trisha's ears &ndash; the same lust pouring out of him that she always relished, fierce and hungry at the chance to violate her petite body. 

 The cheerleader raised her head to look and saw that his eyes were on hers, watching her buck and yelp as he drilled his shaft into her cunt, his face stuck in a deep scowl, lost in the feeling of pounding her as hard as he could. The full weight of his hips were powering into her, his legs tense with effort, his body rigid and stiff. He was plunging his cock so deep that Trisha felt split in two, her entire body stretched and stuffed to the brim. 

 Trisha kept her big brown eyes on his face as he pumped her, and then she heard the words tumble out of her mouth. "I'm a nasty slut, aren't I, Dan?" 

 "Yeah," he growled softly, half-subconsciously, lost in the pleasure of fucking her. "Yeah you are." 

 It was her lust talking now, her body taking over. "Am I the nastiest girl you ever met? The filthiest slut you ever fucked?" Trisha wanted to hear it from him; that he wanted her more than any other girl, that she was naughtier than all of them. 

 "Oh fuck, yeah," Dan replied immediately, not even thinking about it. "You're the best whore I've ever seen, Trisha!" His cock was so big as it plunged into her &ndash; a thick rod fiercely spearing into her soft, tight canal. 

 "Hell yeah she is!!!" 

 Trisha whirled her head around to see who had shouted, but it didn't matter; the rest of the room was all grinning as they watched her, stunned at the sight of her wailing and wriggling on the table, moaning out her dirty talk, asking Dan to call her a slut again and again. There was no mistaking the eager thrill in her eyes; she loved hearing them call her a whore, and like a single mind, they all happily indulged her, shouting out their favorite taunts and their most degrading slurs. 

 "Yeah, she's a cum-starved whore!" 

 "Fuck that bitch like she deserves!" 

 "Pound that filthy cheerleader!" 

 Trisha's body was coursing and burning with lust, it felt like she was on fire, her red-hot pleasure blazing through her, dancing across her skin. The cheerleader closed her eyes and lost herself in their shouts, her fingers still eagerly circling her clit, her hips still rocking against Dan's, her entire body reverberating with the strength of his savage thrusts, with the force of his cock throbbing deep inside of her. 

 "What a nasty cunt!" 

 "Cock-hungry whore!" 

 "Yeah, you dirty girl!" 

 Cum-starved…cock-hungry…filthy…nasty…The words rushed through Trisha like hot water, making her flush, making her buck and rock even harder against Dan's hard pumps. Britney had been the reason Trisha had come tonight; the reason she had called Dan in the first place. But now, suddenly, the head cheerleader was nothing but an afterthought. Now, all Trisha could think about was this moment: how dirty, how slutty she was tonight. She was being pounded once more by the lifeguard, surrounded by other strangers, customers who had paid for the privilege to use her body as well, who were now teasing and taunting her as they watched. All she heard was their jeers, and all she felt was the hard pounding of Dan's shaft in her cunt. 

 "More! More!" she yelled out. She was talking about both Dan's hard fucking and the men's shouting, and the lifeguard certainly obeyed, his hips powering into her like a machine, his cock stuffing her twat. But the rest of the room gradually quieted down, because Trisha's wails and yelps had suddenly risen to all-out screaming and shouting in wild pleasure. 

 "Ohhhh!!! Ohhh YESSS!!!" Trisha's chest heaved for breath as she screamed, her pleasure reverberating off the walls, ear-splittingly uncontrolled. She was thrashing and flailing against Dan now, lost in her lust, overwhelmed by the hard cock pounding her cunt, by the pleasure rushing through her in endless waves. "YESS!! YES YES YES!!!" 

 A nasty cunt…a filthy cheerleader…a dirty girl!They weren't even saying them anymore, but the words continued to ring through Trisha's ears. The cheerleader opened her eyes again and saw that they were all hovering over her, their eyes wide and eager as they watched her thrash and scream. They were waiting for her to cum, hypnotized by the sight of a little cheerleader who was thrilled by her own sluttiness, excited to see her get off at being called a whore. Trisha's body was awash and flushed with pleasure, and it was ready to give them what they wanted. 

 "OHHHHHH!!!" 

 The cheerleader's body surged against Dan's, pulling her closer to his thrusting hips, her eyes widening and her mouth popping open in a wild, frantic cry of lust. Her orgasm burst out of her along with her screams, skimming across her body, drowning her in pleasure, so hot and fierce that she felt her vision starting to blur. One hand was on her clit, still hungrily massaging the swollen nub. The other was flung out and tightly gripping Dan's wrist, desperate for something to hold onto as her climax raced through her trembling limbs. 

 Then, she heard a strained groan from the end of the table: "Uhhhh!!!" 

 At the same moment, Dan's cock throbbed and pulsed inside of her. The cheerleader's body jolted savagely with pleasure as she felt his seed flood through her cunt, his thick shaft pulsing in her tight pussy with each spurt of cum. The lifeguard's grip tightened around her waist as he pumped his jism into her twat, filling her with its warm thickness, so that the feeling of his cum and her own pleasure rushing through her seemed to mix together; his seed and her own lust washing through her entire body in one combined stream. 

 At last, when she could manage it, Trisha slowly raised her head to stare at Dan. The lifeguard flashed a tired smirk back at her, his face sweaty and red, his mouth open as he stared back at the slut in front of him. Suddenly, without warning, Trisha felt a giggle burst out of her lips, her eyes bright and ecstatic. She couldn't help it and she couldn't explain it: for some reason she just felt so happy right now. She flopped back down on the table, still giggling as she beamed up at the ceiling. 

 Was that slutty enough for you, Britney? Still think I'm a good girl?Trisha thought, grinning. Still happy you lied to me? 

 *** 

 The end of the evening passed quickly. The men dressed quickly, wiping the sweat off their brows, straightening their ties and making sure they were zipped up. Still lying on the table, still panting and recovering, Trisha could hear them gushing to Dan, the new pimp, thanking him enthusiastically for the offer, complimenting the two of them on a great night, begging him to let them know when she would next be available. 

 Finally the door slammed, and a few seconds later Dan reappeared over her, grinning down at the flushed brunette. 

 "Looks like we finally tired you out." One of his hands was closed in a first, holding something, and now he extended it over her chest and released it. Trisha watched as a wad of bills fell onto her stomach. "Here," he said, shrugging. "It's only fair you get a share of it, right?" 

 Slowly the cheerleader stood up, gently swinging her legs off the table, wobbling on her heels, grabbing onto the edge to steady herself, picking up the money he had tossed at her. As soon as she regained her balance, she realized that Dan was once again standing at the door, holding it open. This was part of his routine, she knew; kicking her out as soon as possible, long before she was ready. "Time to go, my slut." 

 Trisha looked down at herself. She was naked except for her heels and her thong, still pushed to the side &ndash; now she hastily rearranged it back over her swollen twat. She was coated with cum. Her face was sticky and gross with her own drool, her hair tousled and messy. And her dress was now cut up into shreds, heaped on Dan's floor, completely useless. 

 "Dan," she protested. "I…I don't have anything to wear." 

 But she already knew he wouldn't care. He shrugged again. "Better get home soon, then." And then he stepped forward and took her by the elbow, dragging her towards the door. Trisha yelped and struggled, still trying to protest, but of course he was much too strong for her, and before she knew it the cheerleader was standing outside of his apartment in her heels, in the open night, as his door slammed behind her. 

 She gasped as her arms immediately went to cover herself. She looked so shameful; a petite girl clad only in a thong, her skin flushed and sweaty, clearly just recovered from a hard, messy fuck. Mortified, the cheerleader raced down the stairs and across the street, her heels echoing on the pavement, leaping into her car and shutting the door, panting, sinking down in the seat. Her eyes quickly flickered around the darkness, scanning to see if anyone had seen her. 

 The night was empty. At last Trisha relaxed, and it was then that she stared down at the wad of bills still clenched in her hand. She realized what she had just done. I really am a whore now…I've accepted money for sex. I get off on acting like a slut, on being treated like one…and now I'm a true prostitute. And Dan is my pimp. 

 There were so many things to worry about. After all, there was not just the money in her hand, but also how was she going to sneak into her house unnoticed by her parents, naked except for a slutty thong and heels, covered by nothing but the drool on her face and the cum of two strangers? But for some reason, none of that bothered the cheerleader, not just yet. Trisha had just realized that this was the first time since meeting Dan at the beach that she was leaving a night with the lifeguard without a twinge of guilt, without even a thought towards betraying Britney. The only thing she felt now was happiness. It had been so long since she could just fuck a guy without feeling terrible about it afterwards. Trisha grinned to herself. It feels good! Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 17 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 

 "I don't know, Mandy...are you really sure this is the best thing to do?" Trisha was skeptical. 

 Mandy nodded, pulling a strand of short blonde hair away from her face. "It's the only thing to do, Trish. I have to!" 

 The two cheerleaders shut their lockers together, ready to head to English class. Trisha's frilled pink miniskirt swished against her slender legs, the frills stopping around her thighs, just inches from showing off her cute butt. The petite brunette was carrying her books pressed against her chest, and they were pushing against her 32C-cup breasts, so that they strained and swelled out of her lacy tank top, two perky mounds that rode high on her slim frame and swayed slightly with each step Trisha took. She was used to walking to class with Britney, and that usually meant that they were always late. Along with the fact that Trisha was several inches shorter than the head cheerleader, she was used to running flat out through the halls to keep up with Britney as they raced to their classrooms, heels clacking and miniskirts flopping. But Mandy was a good student, always on time, and the two girls were almost the same height; barely five feet tall. So they could take their time. 

 "I know that's what you think, Mandy. But I...I just don't know if Jon's going to see it the same way. What if he gets mad?" 

 Mandy sighed. "Well...I guess he might. But I just can't keep this a secret any longer. I was up all night worrying about it, Trisha!" 

 The blonde slid her thumbs through the straps of her backpack, deep in thought. Mandy's outfit, as always, was much more conservative than Trisha's miniskirt and tank top; she was wearing jeans and a T-shirt. But even in the last few days, Trisha had noticed a few changes in her friend. Mandy now walked a little more upright and poised then before, and while before she would always blush when boys looked or grinned at her, she would now wave or even offer a flirty smile back. She didn't look any different on the outside, but Trisha could tell that Mandy, no longer a virgin, was getting more confident about everything related to boys and sex. 

 "Okay," Trisha said. "So walk me through this again. You were supposed to meet him at his house at eight, but you thought it was seven." 

 "Right." Mandy's blonde hair bobbed as she nodded. 

 "So Amanda gave you a ride early, and you saw Nicole walking out of his house just then." 

 "Yep." 

 "And he said she was just there to get some help on Biology?" 

 "Well, at first he was just like nothing was wrong. But then I demanded to know why she was there." Mandy sighed, blushing. "I know...I was a stupid, jealous girlfriend. But I mean, that iskind of suspicious, isn't it?" 

 "Yeah," Trisha agreed. "It is." 

 "So anyway, I demanded to know why she was there, and he said they were just like working on a worksheet together or something. And then we got into this big discussion, and he told me that he would never think of lying to me, that he always tells me everything. He said he never keeps anything from me." 

 "So what did you say?" 

 The blonde shook her head. "I didn't say anything then. But I couldn't stop thinking about it all night. I mean, if he tells me everything, then I should tell him everything too, right? And that includes what we did in that bookstore. You know...practicing blowjobs on those guys." 

 "And...you really trust him? About Nicole and all that?" 

 Mandy didn't even hesitate. "He's my boyfriend. Of course I trust him. And I want him to trust me too!" 

 Trisha nodded. "Yeah, I know, but...what if he gets mad at you? I mean, you and I know that you really just wanted to learn some stuff, that it was all about being better for him. But what if he doesn't see it that way?" 

 Mandy was chewing on a piece of her short blonde hair, an old habit, deep in thought. "I don't know...I'm worried about that too. I'll just have to find some way to explain it to him, right? I mean, my intentions were good!" 

 "I guess so, but..." 

 "Hey, Trish!" 

 The two cheerleaders had just arrived at their classroom, and at the sound of her name the brunette turned. It was Britney, in a pair of denim shorts and a halter top, her stiletto boots clacking as she walked towards them. Trisha quickly put a sweet smile on her face, but her insides were boiling. She hadn't forgotten the sight of Britney fucking Dan in her kitchen, behind her back, barely an hour after she had left the head cheerleader's house, teary and humiliated. I can't believe she's still acting like she's my friend, like she didn't do anything wrong! But I got back at her... 

 "Hi Britney," Trisha said sweetly. "What's up?" 

 "You left your purse at my house, hun. You really didn't notice until now?" 

 Of course she had noticed; that was why she had gone back to Britney's house in the first place, and had ended up catching her in the act. I almost want to tell her about last night...about whimpering and bucking in handcuffs on Dan's table, about letting him and five other guys fuck me in his apartment. Just to see her face!But instead she feigned surprise. 

 "Really? Oh man...I'm such a ditz. Thanks a lot, Brit!" 

 "No problem. Can you bring me mine tomorrow?" 

 "Of course!" Trisha chirped. Yeah...whatever! 

 "Thanks. Hey, you want to do something tonight?" Britney was leaning casually against the wall, as sexy and confident as ever, her gorgeous legs stretched out, catching the eye of every guy who passed them. 

 "Oh, um..." Trisha thought quickly. "I...can't tonight, Britney, sorry! I'm doing something with Mandy." Her best friend caught on just as quickly, and she nodded too. 

 "Oh, okay." Britney shrugged. "Some other time, then. See ya!" And then the class slut strode off, her long hair cascading across her slim back, her ass wiggling in her tight shorts. 

 "Wow," Mandy whispered as they watched her leave. "I can't believe her. She's acting like nothing's wrong!" 

 Trisha smiled at her friend as the two petite girls walked into the classroom. She could always count on Mandy for support, even in something like hating someone together. "I know." The cheerleaders took their seats at their desks, Trisha carefully adjusting her miniskirt over her slim thighs. 

 "Still, though..." Mandy said, sounding concerned. "Are you sure it was a good idea to go see Dan again?" 

 Trisha shuddered slightly at the thought, remembering the way she was passed around by half a dozen men, the feeling of having a cock plunged into her cunt and her mouth at the same time, of being covered with cum from men who had paid to fuck her. At first she was overwhelmed with shame, but then she felt herself tingling with pleasure, thinking about the feeling of those hard cocks powering into her, of the lust in their eyes as they ravished her together, grabbing and groping her dainty body. "Yes," she said, smiling back at Mandy. "I'm glad I did it. It was totally worth it." 

 Mandy's face remained concerned for a few seconds, but at last she smiled and let out a giggle. "Geez, Trish...I'll better make sure to never go behind your back like Britney!" 

 Trisha giggled too. "Oh, Mandy...I know you never would!" 

 *** 

 That afternoon, Trisha was lounging on her bed, reading for History, when the phone rang. The young cheerleader was lying on the stomach, propped on her elbows, her perky tits pressed against the bedspread, the frills of her miniskirt resting on the slight curve of her ass, so that her panties just barely peeked out the bottom. She had tied her long, wavy brown hair into a ponytail that now dangled down her slim, arched back. Trisha waited for the ringing to stop, assuming that her parents would answer it. But a second later, there was a knock at her bedroom door. 

 "Trisha, honey?" It was her mother. 

 "Yeah, mom?" 

 "Phone for you." 

 The petite cheerleader hopped off the bed, straightening her skirt as she thanked her mom and put the phone to her ear. But before she could even say anything, she heard a loud sniff, and then the sound of someone blowing their nose. 

 "Hello??" 

 "Trisha!!" It was Mandy. She was clearly crying, her voice weepy and interrupted by constant sniffs and sobs. 

 "Mandy! What...w-what's wrong?" 

 "Oh, Trisha...you were right! I should have listened to you! I'm such an idiot!" 

 Trisha held the phone closer to her ear, standing in the middle of her bedroom, struggling to hear through Mandy's sobs. Her friend was almost impossible to understand. "Right about what? I...I don't understand." 

 "About Jon!" Mandy wailed. "I...I just couldn't h-help it. I told him a-about that afternoon in the bookstore...w-when you taught me about blowjob..." 

 Trisha sighed. Oh no... 

 "And he got mad!" she sobbed. "He s-said it was like cheating! He said I had no idea whose dick I was sucking!" 

 Well...he's kind of right, isn't he? I mean, that was the point! Why did she tell him??"And then what?" 

 "A-and then he said he couldn't believe I had done that and he hung up!!! And he wouldn't answer any of my calls!!" 

 "Mandy..." Trisha's heart went out to her friend. "I'm so sorry..." 

 "No..." Mandy sniffled, her voice getting so weak that for a moment, it was barely a whisper. "No, there's more..." 

 Uh oh..."Oh...okay, go on..." 

 "W-well..." Mandy paused to sniff. "I drove over to his house, right? Because I just hadto talk to him! I couldn't let us end things like that!" 

 Trisha nodded. "Right. And then...?" 

 "I...I tried to call him when I got to his street, but he still wouldn't answer! And when I rang the doorbell no one answered! But I...I knew he was home 'cause I was just talking to him!" Mandy gulped. "So...so I tried to sneak into his bedroom..." 

 "Oh, Mandy! You didn't!" 

 But Mandy didn't even hear Trisha, and she kept plowing on with her story. "And then, I saw that his light was on, so I was trying to get his attention and I peeked in through the window, and...and..." 

 "And...what?" Trisha's eyes widened as she sat on her bed, the phone plastered to her cheek. 

 "He...he was there...and he was...he was..." 

 "He was what??" Trisha shouted, unable to control herself. 

 "Oh, Trisha! He was...f-f..." Mandy stuttered now, unable to get out the word. "f-fucking Nicole! I was right! I was right the entire time!" 

 Trisha gasped. That certainly wasn't what she expected. "Oh my God! I don't believe it" What an asshole! 

 Mandy's voice was now louder than before, wild and frantic. "B-but Trisha...what if I drove him to her?? What if he always wanted to be with her, but he was faithful to me...until I told him about..." 

 "No!" Trisha stopped her. "Don't you see, Mandy? He was cheating on you the whole time! You were the only honest one...you tried to do the right thing! And he took advantage of you!" First Britney, and now Jon... why does everyone have to lie to everyone else?? 

 Mandy's sniffles came through slowly. "W-what...? You...really think?" 

 "Of course!" Trisha shouted. "Don't think that any of this is your fault, Mandy!" 

 There was a long pause on Mandy's side of the line. Then, suddenly, the blonde's voice came back, fiery and angry. "You're...you're right! I can't believe him! You're totally right, Trisha!" 

 The petite cheerleader nodded, fingering her miniskirt as she listened. "You're better off without him!" 

 "Yeah!" Mandy replied, her voice rising now. "I'm a million times better off without him! I'm...I can't believe him!" Trisha's friend was no longer sniffling; now she was sputtering in her anger. "He...he was cheating on me with Nicole the entire time...and he thought I couldn't be with anyone else? He thought I could only give him a blowjob?? No way!! I'll show him, Trisha! I'll show him he doesn't deserve me!" 

 Trisha nodded again, smiling. "Good for you, Mandy!" 

 Mandy kept rambling, as if Trisha wasn't even there. "I...I'll show him I can sleep with whoever I want too!" 

 "Good! Serves him right!" 

 "Yeah!" Mandy was now speaking in a blur, frantic and livid. "He'll see! Maybe...maybe I'll sleep with the first guy I see! Or maybe...I'll go back to that store and give out some more blowjobs! Or..." 

 There was another pause, and Trisha flopped down on her bed as she waited, for so long that she wondered if something had happened. But just as she was about to say something, Mandy's voice came back, and this time it had a different, darker tone to it. 

 "No, Trisha, I have an even better idea! Remember when we were talking about Dan earlier today? I want you to call him tonight, too! And...I want to go with you!" 

 Trisha jolted upright. Wait...what??"Um...h-hold on a minute, Mandy. Let's not get carried away. I don't know if that's a good idea." 

 "No, Trish," Mandy's voice was completely steady now. "it's a great idea! You've told me how Dan always uses you like a slut...how he makes you do all these dirty, nasty things! I'm going to do them too! I'm going to show Jon how dirty I can really be!" 

 What? This is crazy!!"Mandy...wait...two weeks ago you were a virgin! I don't...I think you should think about this a little bit." God...I've been hanging out with Britney for months, I'm a complete slut, and even I'm ashamed of the things Dan's done to me! Getting fucked together by a group of strangers...letting everyone watch while two men plunge their cocks into me together...what makes Mandy think she could handle that? She's crazy! 

 "No," Mandy said again. "No, I'm sure about this, Trisha. I'm going to head over to your house, okay? Call Dan. I'll see you soon." 

 "Mandy! Mandy, wait!" Trisha yelped in panic. But then she heard a dial tone. Mandy had already hung up. 

 Trisha jumped up off her bed, ignoring the fact that her miniskirt was rumpled halfway up her ass, pacing around her bedroom in fright, staring at the carpet, trying desperately to think. At last, the cheerleader stopped in front of her mirror, and looked up. She saw her own reflection in the mirror; a petite brunette, eighteen years old and barely five feet tall, looking just as cute and sweet as usual, with her perky tits thrust out and her slender legs on display underneath her skirt. The little body in the mirror had been ravished and abused so many times by Dan; the tight pussy under her miniskirt had been pumped and drilled by countless cocks in the lifeguard's apartment. Trisha had subjected herself to enough hard poundings from Dan to know what to expect. But bringing Mandy along?? That's out of the question! Dan's already corrupted me...he's already got me addicted to the way he fucks me, the way he treats me like a whore! But...not Mandy! No way! 

 Trisha sighed, shaking her head, sending her long brown hair flopping around her pouty cheeks. I'll...I'll just have to talk her out of it! I can do that...right? 

 *** 

 But only an hour later, Trisha found herself standing on Dan's porch, next to Mandy. Trisha paused in front of Dan's door, holding her breath, closing her eyes and listening to the night air. She had had this feeling before, in this exact spot: the feeling that this was a terrible idea, that she should just go home before it was too late. This time, she was surer than ever. But somehow, here she was. Somehow, instead of changing Mandy's mind, she had arrived at the lifeguard's apartment with her friend in tow. 

 She turned to stare at the blonde, standing next to her on the balcony. Mandy's outfit was borrowed entirely from Trisha's wardrobe; a white blouse tied up around her naval, exposing her friend's impressively slim, taut stomach, and a checkered miniskirt. The skirt's hem ended in frills that stopped at the tops of Mandy's thighs, and her legs looked even more slender than usual in sheer white stockings and a pair of Trisha's black stiletto heels. Not used to the heels, Mandy had tripped and wobbled her way from the car to Dan's apartment building, but even so the blonde had finished off her slutty-schoolgirl look by putting her short blonde hair up into a pair of pigtails that bobbed briskly in the air with each of her steps. As she stood on the balcony, Trisha couldn't help admitting that Mandy looked fantastic; a dainty blonde, showing off her petite, teenage figure, looking so innocent and sweet and yet dressed so naughty at the same time. And that just makes things worse! These guys are going to pounce all over her as soon as they see her: an eighteen-year-old blonde, cute and all dolled up! 

 "What are you waiting for?" Mandy said, staring at her friend with a determined look on her face. 

 "Oh...um...nothing... I just thought that...maybe we could think this over..." 

 Mandy quickly shook her head, sending the pigtails flopping. "No way, Trisha. Just knock. I'm ready." 

 Mandy had been so fierce and angry at Trisha's house. Her vindictive side was brand new to Trisha, and it frightened her. The petite brunette had prepared a whole speech for Mandy, ready to tell her friend that there was absolutely no way she would take her, that Mandy wasn't thinking things through, that she was just doing this for revenge and she would regret it as soon as she got there. But the blonde had shown up refusing to back down, her face flushed with determination, her blue eyes steely and fierce. In Trisha's room, her friend raged and yelled, demanding the sluttiest outfits to wear to Dan's, ignoring Trisha even as she desperately tried to get a word in. And before she knew it, she was driving Mandy to Dan's apartment in her car. 

 "Mandy, I'm just saying...you can't imagine what it's like to..." 

 "No!" Mandy's voice was higher than usual, and she fiercely shook her head again. "Just knock, Trisha!" 

 The cheerleader gulped, and she finally obeyed. Dan opened the door only a second later, his breath smelling of alcohol, grinning down at the two petite girls. "Come on in, sweethearts," he smirked. 

 Last night, when Trisha had arrived, the men had been lounged casually around the apartment, waiting for her. But news of her wild, nasty gang-bang must have spread since then, because with a sinking feeling Trisha saw that the room was much more full than yesterday, and this time they were all eagerly edging towards the doorway in a crowd, fighting to see the new arrivals. 

 They weren't disappointed. As she and Mandy stepped inside and Dan closed the door, Trisha could almost feel their eyes widening with delight as they drank in the sight: two high school cheerleaders, both of them barely five feet tall, looking just as young and cute as the lifeguard had promised. Mandy was every guy's schoolgirl fantasy come to life, her tied-up shirt tight around her slim chest and baring her tapered waist, her checkered miniskirt barely covering her ass. Trisha, submitting to Mandy's demands, had slipped into a short, red strapless dress, wrapped tight around her petite figure. Her perky tits strained against the fabric, two round, ample mounds that seemed just moments away from popping out of the dress's low-cut top. The material hugged every inch of the curve of Trisha's waist, the arch of her back and her firm ass, the hem just an inch away from revealing a peek of her thong. The cheerleader suddenly jolted as she felt Dan's hands on her slim back, and she realized that he was fingering the tie on the back of her dress, teasing his fingers through the single bow; he was relishing the knowledge that with a single pull, he could undo the tie of her dress and let it sag down Trisha's braless chest and slim frame. 

 "Well, Trisha," he smirked. "Aren't you going to introduce your friend?" 

 Trisha turned to look at Mandy, and her heart sank. It was just as she had expected. The blonde's gritty, determined look had been wiped clean and replaced by widened eyes and a frightened expression. She watched as her friend instinctively tried to tug the short miniskirt down over more of her slim thighs, ashamed of her skimpy outfit, trying to cover herself against the leers and grins of all the men in the room. But every bit that she pulled it down only revealed more of her taut stomach, and after a few more tugs the straps of the blonde's thong peeked out of the top. Mandy noticed them instantly, and with a soft gasp she quickly stopped played with her skirt, instead planting her arms straight by her sides, mortified. I tried to warn her!Trisha thought. It's one thing to think about fucking a bunch of guys to get back at someone...but it's totally different to actually be in the room, to see their hungry faces, ready to tear off your clothes... Why didn't she listen to me? Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 17 ****** byHiddenDevil_© Trisha quickly turned to face Dan, ignoring a whistle from the room as they were all treated to the sight of her ass, firm and curvy in her tight dress. "Dan..." she whispered, pleading. "Can we talk? Please?" 

 The lifeguard grinned down at her and took a step forward, saying nothing. Trisha jolted as she felt a hard bulge press up against her stomach – he was already rock-hard for her. The petite girl shuddered as she felt lust beginning to bubble in her own hips. She couldn't help it; by now it was her natural reaction to feeling Dan's erection, her pussy so used to being ravished that she was already growing wet just at the knowledge that he was hard. No! Focus!Trisha looked up at Dan, her chin barely at the level of his shoulders. "Please..." she repeated. "I...I'm not sure about Mandy, Dan. Maybe...let's talk. I'll make up for her!" 

 But the lifeguard was already shaking his head before she had even finished. "There's no time for talking now, Trisha," he said. "I've already invited all these nice men over, see?" He gestured around the room, at the strangers still staring hungrily at Mandy's slim body and Trisha's perky curves. Trisha gulped. Invited...he means he took their money! 

 "They've all been waiting patiently for you and your friend," the lifeguard said, grinning hungrily. "And I think if you ask them, they'll all tell you the time for talking is long past." And then, without even a moment's hesitation, Dan reached forward and took hold of the top of Trisha's strapless dress, his fingers firm on her soft breasts, squeezing them lightly. He didn't even ask Trisha's permission; instead he silently yanked the fabric down the cheerleader's ample chest, exposing her tits in a single motion. 

 Trisha gasped, caught off guard. The top of her dress was now bunched under her perky boobs, naked in the apartment, her nipples hard and pointing straight at Dan's chest. Instinctively, she was about to raise her hands to cover herself, but in the same moment she felt another pair of hands around the slender, inward curve of her waist, encircling the cheerleader's slim figure. There was shuffling behind and all around her, and with another gasp Trisha suddenly realized that the entire room was in motion. They had all taken Dan's brazen gesture as the unspoken go-ahead, as the indication that the fun was starting. 

 She heard a frightened gasp next to her, and with widened eyes Trisha turned to see that a few of the men were eagerly closing around Mandy too, ready to feel the dainty figure of the girl they were about to violate. Even in Trisha's heels, Mandy was still shorter than everyone else, and now the blonde looked up at their faces with frightened eyes, unsure of what to do or what to expect. One man was standing in front of her, grinning down at the fidgeting blonde as he slid his arms around her tiny waist, drawing her towards him. As she wobbled unsteadily forward in her heels, another man was gently fingering the hem of Mandy's miniskirt, and now as she took a step, the material lifted up, revealing her pink thong underneath. 

 Mandy's eyes were wide and her face was flushed with nervousness, and instinctively the blonde reached back and quickly tugged the hem of her skirt back across her little butt, prompting a sneer from the man behind her. Mandy had, after all, originally agreed to all of this; she had been the one to suggest it to Trisha in the first place. She had been thinking only of revenge, of the satisfaction of cheating on Jon just as he was cheating on her. But these men were wildly lustful; they were a pack of dangerous wolves ready to pounce on a helpless little girl. And so even though the blonde cheerleader wasn't fighting or refusing, Trisha could see that she was overwhelmed with fright. 

 Oh God...poor Mandy...Trisha turned back to Dan, ready to make yet another desperate plea. But before she could even speak, the lifeguard was already shaking his head, grinning at her as he placed both hands on the cheerleader's bare shoulders. The petite girl could feel the pressure of his grip, pushing her down. He wants me to get on my knees. 

 "Dan..." she whispered, her eyes pleading. "Please..." 

 "On the floor, Trisha" was his reply. "No more procrastinating." He smirked at her. 

 Trisha was no match for his strength, and the petite brunette felt her knees buckle as she finally plopped down on the carpet, her perky, ample tits were still naked and open. She rested her butt on her upturned heels, looking up at Dan. Now that she was sitting, the hem of her mini-dress was riding up her slender, slightly-spread thighs, and a corner of Trisha's thong was now peeking out the bottom, the sight of it teasing all the men crowded around her – the only material between them and her soft, tight pussy. Trisha's dress clung snugly to her frame, showing off the slim arc of her waist and the firm curve of her ass, her long brown hair dangling down her bare back and slight shoulders. 

 No...this is happening too fast...Mandy...In the same moment, she heard a metallic sound all around her, as one man after another pulled open his fly and tugged down his pants. She was completely surrounded; they were crowded around her, each of them eager to feel her soft lips around their cocks, all edging together so Trisha didn't even know how many were circling her. Biting on her lip, the cheerleader craned her neck to peek through one of the anonymous strangers' legs, desperately trying to keep track of what was happening to Mandy. 

 The blonde was also surrounded by a circle of men. It wasn't planned, but the room had split into two groups; half of the strangers attracted to Trisha's pouty, girl-next-door face and perky curves, the other half to Mandy's slim figure and innocent appearance in her schoolgirl outfit. Trisha could see that a random man had followed Dan's example, placing his hands on Mandy's shoulders and forcefully urging her down. Like Trisha, the blonde found herself being shoved down to the level of their hips. But Mandy wasn't sinking to her knees. Instead, she was bending at the waist, keeping her legs straight as she bowed forward, her short blonde hair bobbing in her face as she dipped down. Now, her ass was sticking up in the air, her slim back arched and showing off her taut waist and chest, her miniskirt riding up her thighs so far that half of her thong was exposed to the men behind her. Still upright and in her heels, the little blonde was practically offering herself to them. Oh no... Mandy, you're not helping yourself at all! 

 Chuckles and grins spread through the circle. Mandy's raised ass was thrust up in the air at them, and now one of them reached forward and spanked her hard, his palm sneaking under the hem of her skirt and impacting right in the center of her thong. The blonde squealed in surprise and turned her head back to look, and Trisha could see that her face was pale with fright. Stop it!She wanted to shout it out loud. That asshole...be gentle with her! 

 But that was all Trisha saw. In the next moment, she felt hands close around her head, turning her away from Mandy and her circle of men. Dan had taken hold of her face and wrenched her back towards his hips, and now Trisha saw his cock dangling just inches from her lips, rock-hard and thick and waiting for her. Everyone had followed suit, their dicks hanging by both of her cheeks, waiting for her to work her way around the circle, servicing each and every one of them in succession. They were all rock-hard and their faces were dark with lust and impatience. They had been waiting the entire night for the two eighteen-year- old cheerleaders that Dan had promised; now, they were staring down at a petite brunette in a mini-dress and high heels, on her knees with her tits out, her pouty face and big brown eyes looking back up at them. They weren't going to wait a second longer. 

 I have to try to help Mandy...one more time!The cheerleader parted her lips and looked up at Dan, ready to plead again. But before she could speak, the lifeguard slid forward and sank his cock into her open, waiting mouth. Once again the cheerleader felt a twinge of lust rush through her body at the familiar feeling of his shaft in her mouth, and now Trisha felt her lips close around his thick meat, sucking softly. It was her instinct now; the sensation of Dan's meat sliding across her tongue sent her body into action before her mind even registered it, her mouth naturally ready and eager to slurp down his rod. It was hard to relish the situation, not when she was so worried about Mandy, but even so Trisha couldn't help enjoying the feeling of his hard, thick rod pressing and stretching her lips, his hot lust throbbing against her tongue, pulsing in her little mouth. Finally, she couldn't resist leaning forward and gulping more of him down with a soft moan, smacking and gurgling with the effort. Dan let out a loud groan, and Trisha felt his hands press against the back of her head, his fingers tightening in her hair. The lifeguard's familiar strength was guiding her lips down his shaft, his carnal energy was pulsing through his thick cock and jutting hips; Trisha could feel all of it, and it made her tingle with eagerness. 

 Still, as the young brunette slurped, her mind was whirling as she worried about Mandy. She had seen the nervousness and fright on Mandy's face; she knew as she had watched the blonde fidget with her miniskirt that her friend was now frantically regretting her choice. And yet, Trisha was now on her knees, happily gulping down Dan's cock while they circled around her friend, doing nothing to help her. I should be doing something, shouldn't I...? But what can I do?They were two petite, eighteen-year-old girls surrounded by men; if they wanted to, they could easily force themselves on the cheerleaders. No matter what I do, they won't let Mandy leave.Trisha's thoughts rushed through her even as she continued to bob back and forth on her knees, sinking Dan's cock into her mouth, her tits dancing slightly as she rocked. And anyway...it's not like I didn't warn her! I told her over and over that this was a bad idea, but she wouldn't listen to me! 

 The cheerleader's drool was now dribbling down her chin and across Dan's balls, her cheeks flushed and her tongue lapping at his shaft. As Dan buried his hands further in Trisha's hair, she reached up and placed hers on his thighs, guiding his meat into her lips, making sure to keep a steady rhythm as she gulped and gurgled. Then, as she slurped, she glanced to her left, trying to keep an eye on Mandy. 

 Her friend was still standing in her heels in the middle of her circle, bent over at the waist, her slim legs on display as she strained forward. By now someone had hitched her schoolgirl's skirt up over her waist, so the blonde's thong was thrust up in the air at them, a tiny triangle of material on her firm ass, barely covering her twat. She was leaning forward with her head down, and Trisha could see that her friend's mouth was also stuffed full of cock, her short blonde hair bobbing back and forth as she slurped. Mandy had her hands wrapped around the thighs of the man she was servicing, keeping herself from tipping forward, and Trisha could see his hips gently jutting into her, plunging his rod deep between the blonde cheerleader's slobbery lips. His hands were wrapped around each of her floppy pigtails, refusing to let the little blonde slurp down his meat at her own pace; instead he was forcing her head quickly back and forth, yanking her by her hair, making Mandy whimper and gurgle as she struggled to keep up. 

 "Mmm...fuck..." Dan let out a low groan as he stared down at the cheerleader, grinning as he watched his shaft disappear between her plump lips. Mandy's probably still afraid...but it seems like she's okay for now, right? Maybe it'll all be fine...For a moment, Trisha took a deep breath and relaxed. She looked back up at the lifeguard and responded by dipping far forward, slurping loudly as she plunged his cock deep into her mouth. With another groan, his hands tightened in Trisha's hair, watching as the petite girl deepthroated his meat. She winked back up at him as she slurped, feeling his hot shaft slide against her tongue, piercing between her cheeks. Maybe she'll be okay after all! 

 But then, as if her thought had jinxed it, she heard a frightened yelp from the either side of the room. And to her horror, Trisha saw in the corner of her eye that someone had just grabbed hold of Mandy's thong and was now impatiently pulling it down the blonde's slim, bare legs. Mandy let out a muffled cry and tried to turn her head to protest, but the man she was sucking tightened his grip around her hair and yanked her back, silencing her by stuffing his cock into her open lips. The blonde's thong was now around her ankles, and her tight, young pussy was now staring up at them all, completely unprotected with her skirt up around her waist, her ass thrust in the air as she was forced to bend down to service a stranger. Mandy's muffled whimpers were growing in volume, and Trisha could see her friend straining hard against the hands around her face, fighting the man that was thrusting his cock into her mouth. Another man, positioned behind her, was now bending down to lift her legs one at a time; Mandy wobbled precariously on each heel as they untangled the thong from her ankles and tossed it onto the floor. More hands were sliding around the little cheerleader's body, caressing her slim figure. Finally, Mandy managed to wrench her head out of the man's grip, and as she quickly turned her head back, her terrified blue eyes met Trisha's brown ones. 

 Without even thinking, Trisha felt herself rising to her feet, popping Dan's cock out of her mouth as she cried out in protest. 

 "Wait! Wait, p-please!" 

 Leave her alone!Standing and in her heels, the petite cheerleader was still shorter than all the man surrounding her, but even so she tried to force her way through the circle, to get to her helpless friend. Of course, it was no use. She heard a loud bark of laughter as hands slid around her slim waist, holding her back effortlessly, leaving her simply to flail uselessly in the air as she watched. 

 Mandy had tried to rise too, but one of the men was quicker; he had his hands on her head, pushing down, forcing her to stay bent over with her pussy offered shamelessly to them. The little blonde's eyes were wide as saucers as she craned her neck to look over her shoulder. She was completely silent, her mouth open but no words coming out. Now, one grinning man was stepping forward, positioning himself behind the blonde's raised ass, unzipping his fly, his eyes bright with eagerness as he stared down at Mandy's pink cunt. 

 Oh no...oh Mandy!Trisha watched in horror as the man reached forward and slid one hand around the inside of Mandy's thigh. The blonde's entire body shuddered, visibly. He hoisted the cheerleader's slim leg up off the ground, the blonde's high heel dangling in the air, higher and higher. Then, he positioned himself between her stretched legs. The entire room could see Mandy's slim waist and hips, her tiny tits contained in her tied-up blouse, her blonde pigtails dangling across her frightened face. Her thigh and butt muscles were working hard as her one leg was stretched up into the air. Mandy's hard- earned flexibility from cheerleading was on display; her leg was now so high that it was dangling over the man's shoulders, so that she was practically doing a sideways splits, balancing on one leg with the other one thrust nearly vertical in the air. And now, with the blonde's legs spread and ready for him, he was easing forward, guiding his rock-hard cock towards her little twat. 

 No! No, please!!Trisha felt herself freeze with terror as she watched him ease forward. Everyone in the room was now engrossed by the sight of Mandy, wobbling on one heel, and the first lucky man, about to penetrate the innocent, frightened cheerleader. They all stared as he positioned his cock between Mandy's spread-eagled thighs. The tip of his meat just barely touched the lips of her cunt, and instantly the blonde stiffened, whimpering at the sensation. Trisha closed her eyes and turned away; she couldn't watch them violate her friend. But she could still hear everything, and a few seconds later she winched as she heard a loud groan; the first man had finally sank his hard prick into Mandy's soft pussy. 

 "How's she feel, man? How is she?" Trisha heard someone else shout out. Oh, Mandy...I'm sorry! 

 "Ohhh fuck..." the reply came. "Oh man...she's soaking wet!" 

 Huh? ...Soaking wet?Despite herself, Trisha opened her eyes to look, confused. The man had thrown Mandy's leg over his shoulder, forcing her to keep her vertical-splits position, and he had his hands around her slim waist as he rocked forward. With Mandy's legs spread and her hips turned sideways, everyone had a perfect view of his thick cock disappearing into her little cunt, plunging into the teenager's body. 

 "Ohhh yeah..." he groaned again. "She's so tight...and she's dripping!" 

 She's...dripping? What's going on?Trisha watched as the man pulled the slim blonde's body back and forth, rocking her on her single high heel, her pigtails flopping in the air, her other heel dangling above his shoulder. His hips were pumping into hers in a steady rhythm, thrusting his cock into her twat, powering into her little body. And now, as Trisha watched, she realized that Mandy's eyes were closed, and that her friend's cheeks were starting to grow flushed, and that her lips were slightly parted. 

 "Ohhh...uhhh..." the man's groans echoed in the room over and over, matching the rhythm of his pumps, each thrust powering the full length of his dick into Mandy's pussy. The force of his fucking was sending the little blonde rocking precariously on her only heel, and so now she reached forward and grabbed onto the man in front of her – the one who had been forcing his dick down her mouth – in order to keep her balance. The one behind her had his hands tight around her tiny waist, pulling her gently back in forth, his eyes fixed on her dainty hips as he plunged into her. 

 Mandy's eyes were still tightly closed, her face a deep red. Trisha could see her eyes squeezing a little tighter each time the man plowed his cock deep into her pussy, her cheeks twitching involuntarily at the feeling of being stretched and pounded. Her slim legs were still split in the air; one tense and rigid as it supported her, the other thrust over the man's shoulders, her high heel flopping in the air as he rocked into her. The little blonde's small, soft mouth was open, even though she hadn't uttered a single word the entire night. But now, as Trisha and the rest of the room watched, the young blonde cheerleader let out a soft, timid whisper. 

 "Ohhh yesss..." 

 Trisha gasped. Mandy was loving it! This entire time, she had assumed that Mandy had wanted to leave, that she didn't want any part of this anymore. She had seen Mandy's frightened face and timid fidgeting, she had heard her friend's muffled whimpers of protest, and assumed that she wouldn't want to fuck a group of random strangers. But I guess I was wrong...she was soaking wet the whole time! Her pussy was dripping wet in anticipation...she couldn't wait to be fucked! 

 "Oooh...ohh my gosh..." Another soft whisper drifted out of the blonde's open mouth, and now Mandy opened her light blue eyes, watching everyone else watch her. The look in her friend's eyes was mixed, but Trisha recognized it immediately. Mandy was half-ashamed; ashamed at being fucked by a random stranger, with her little body bent forward and her legs spread in the air, ashamed of the fact that a dozen other strangers were watching her get pounded. But she was also excited by the same things, at the feeling of being on display, the feeling of freely being so nasty and wild in front of everyone. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 17 ****** byHiddenDevil_© For the first time that evening, Trisha felt a grin spread across her face. Deep down, Mandy was a slut, just like Trisha; she had loved sucking random cocks through holes in the wall, when Trisha had brought her to the adult bookstore a week ago. She had loved being surrounded by horny men and gulping down their meat tonight, and now she loved being fucked hard while everyone watched. She's just like me...she loves being a whore...she just needs a little encouragement! 

 "Ohhh..." Mandy's whimpers were still barely audible. The little blonde had now turned her head back to watch as the man plunged deep into her cunt, filling her trembling, dainty body with his meat. The man looked up then too, and saw the sweet eighteen-year-old's innocent face, her cute lips pursed in a moan of pleasure, her dimpled cheeks flushed and her light blue eyes staring excitedly at the cock pounding into her own pussy. The sight kicked his lust into another gear, and he grabbed hold of Mandy's stretched hips and bucked hard into the little blonde, sending her reeling forward as the full length of his shaft pierced into her. 

 The cheerleader's eyes widened and her moan suddenly burst out into a loud, full-on yelp of lust, a scream that she had been shyly holding in but was now thrust out of her chest by his cock: "YES!!! Oh...oh..ohh yes!!" 

 "FUCK yeah!" was the man's reply, and he kept powering into her, his cock deep in Mandy's twat, sending her wobbling back and forth. Then, Dan's voice echoed out: 

 "Looks like we've got two whores tonight, guys!" 

 There were whoops and cheers of agreement, and suddenly the whole room sprang into motion. Trisha squealed in surprise as she felt arms tightening around her, pulling her petite body back into someone else's. At the same time, she felt hands all over her; one on her back, forcing her to bend forward, more on the hem of her little dress, tugging it up and over the generous curves of her firm ass. She felt her thong being tugged down as well, but the men were too impatient now; unlike Mandy, they only yanked her panties down to her knees, leaving them stretched around her slender legs. 

 Meanwhile, the man was still thrusting his shaft into Mandy's tight cunt, sending the cheerleader rocking and yelping: "Ohhhh my GOSH! Yes! More!" Her little hips were grinding against his, eagerly taking his meat, and her chest was heaving as she shouted and yelped. Now, another man stepped forward, sliding his hands around her neck, guiding her head down towards his rock-hard cock. Mandy didn't even hesitate. Still in her vertical splits, Mandy bent forward, teetering on her heel, craned her neck forward and opened her mouth, patiently waiting for his meat. With a wide grin, he slid forward and eased his shaft into the cheerleader, groaning loudly as he felt Mandy's soft, warm mouth close around his cock. In an instant, Mandy's screams of pleasure became muffled groans, and the cheerleader rocked back and forth between the two men, her mouth and pussy both stuffed with cock. 

 "Wow!" Trisha couldn't help cheering on her friend. You nasty slut, Mandy! Taking on two cocks at once! Not bad!At the same moment, she felt hands sliding around her own waist; other men were getting impatient watching someone else get to fuck a young girl; they wanted some action themselves. Trisha turned around to see a grinning man positioning himself behind her, his jeans around his ankles, his cock hard and ready. The cheerleader felt a little shudder run through her body; it was such a thrill to see Mandy act like a dirty, moaning slut, and now Trisha's own body was aching for the same treatment. 

 She gave a small, eager whimper as she stared down at the cock, her pussy growing wet at the sight of it, aching to be filled. The petite cheerleader was bent over at the waist, her tight minidress now only a stripe of red around her slim waist, the top yanked down to free her tits, the bottom tugged over her little ass. Trisha's legs looked slender and slim as she stood in her heels, leaning forward and offering herself to the man behind her, her long brown hair dangling below her, her perky chest thrusting out of her slim figure. Her brown eyes were bright and wide with eagerness, and now she behind, grabbing onto the man's thighs, pulling him towards her. Oooh...come on...hurry up! Fuck me! 

 He didn't need any more encouragement. Trisha felt his hands tighten around her petite frame as he shifted forward, and the cheerleader stiffened and let out a moan as she felt his cock pressing against her cunt, his shaft hot and hard against her soft, dripping mound. In an instant her body rushed with pleasure as she felt his thick cock sink into her tight pussy, filling her little canal, stretching the whimpering cheerleader as she accepted his size. Instinctively, Trisha felt herself rocking backwards, sinking her slim hips into his, burying his meat even further in her soft twat. She heard a loud groan as the man plunged the full length of his shaft into her, and responded with a moan of her own, begging for more, coaxing him in by pulling on his thighs. He felt so massive and powerful inside of her, stuffing her pussy, powering between her slim, trembling legs. 

 Thrusting and grinding against him, Trisha glanced around to see the entire room grinning as they watched her and Mandy, and the cheerleader felt a smile spread across her own face too. She and Mandy were both being ravished together, taken and fucked by a group of men they hardly knew. Two eighteen- year-old cheerleaders, barely five feet tall, bent over and pounded while strangers watched and waited their turn. Mandy, the cute and innocent-looking blonde, was balanced on one leg with the other one thrust straight up in the air, bent over sideways with her hips open to take the cock powering into her. Her short pigtails bobbed on her head as she was rocked back and forth between two men, gulping down the man's cock in her mouth, holding onto him for balance as she slurped and moaned. And only a few feet away was Trisha, the perky little brunette, her curvy tits and ass out and on display, standing in her heels with her thong stretched taut between her knees, bent over at the waist, rocking back and forth as she took a thick shaft. Her long brown hair was swaying back and forth below her as she whimpered; she was bent over so far that her hair was nearly touching the ground. She was reaching back and her hands were tight around the man's thighs, no longer just coaxing him in but now holding on for dear life, gripping him tight to keep herself from tipping forward as his harsh, fierce thrusts sent her reeling back and forth on her stiletto heels. 

 "Oooh...ahhh..." 

 "Oh...oh my gosh!" 

 The two cheerleaders exchanged yelps and moans of lust, ravished and violated together. Trisha was watching Mandy, admiring her friend's slim, taut figure and her slender stretched-out legs, when her friend looked up and caught her eyes. Mandy's cheeks and lips were stuffed full with the cock in between them, but her blue eyes were bright and eager as she stared back at Trisha, and the brunette flashed a wide grin back. The two girls were sharing their pleasure, happily splitting up the fun, relishing the sight of the other one getting fucked while their own petite bodies were punished and drilled. 

 "Ohh...enjoy – ooh!– enjoying yourself, Mandy?" Trisha whimpered out, watching her friend rock back and forth. 

 The little blonde gave a muffled moan and nodded her head in response, her hands around the hips of the man in her mouth, holding on tight as she slurped. 

 "Ahhhh...fuck!!" That was the man plunging into Mandy, his cock swollen and thick as it disappeared into her twat. His face was flushed red and he now had a pained expression on his face. The sight of the two cheerleaders was too much for him; both of the petite girls happily submitting themselves to a harsh pounding while they grinned at each other and everyone watched. Watching them whimper and squeal had him close to orgasm, but all the men had already agreed beforehand not to shoot their loads inside the girls until everyone was finished. 

 "Oooh...yes...yes!!" Trisha's wails echoed out through the room, beating out Mandy's muffled moans in volume. An excited grin came to the man's face, and without warning he pulled out of the little blonde's cunt and raced across the room; in the next instant, he had shoved his throbbing cock deep into Trisha's open mouth, stifling her cries of pleasure. 

 The cheerleader's eyes widened in surprise, but it only took her a second before she closed her soft lips around his meat, expertly sucking him like only an experienced slut could. Even as she was pounded and pumped from behind, she happily slurped and gulped at his dick while she ran her tongue across him, licking the bottom of a shaft that had just been stuffed in her friend's twat. Trisha's mouth tingled as she lapped up Mandy's juices, sampling the taste of her friend's pussy that was coating the man's cock, feeling it wash over her tongue. It was pungent and tangy, and the cheerleader felt a jolt of lust rush through her as her eyes widened, and she realized that she was tasting her best friend's lust. 

 "oh...Ohhh...FUCK!" The man had pulled out just in time. His cock throbbed and pulsed between Trisha's lips, and then she felt his hot cum mixing with the flavor of Mandy's twat, spilling into her mouth in one jet after another, providing the perfect follow-up to the cocktail of Mandy's juices. She milked his cock like a thirsty slut, gulping eagerly at his meat, sucking his seed down as soon as it spurted out of his shaft. At last, when she felt the last spasm of his cock twitch between her lips, Trisha closed her eyes and slowly, carefully swallowed his load, savoring the feeling of his jism sliding down her throat. The cheerleader's entire body shuddered in pleasure as she took in the taste of his cum mixed with Mandy's juices, feeling her lust overwhelm her. He's using me like a dirty slut deserves to be used,she thought eagerly. I'm just his cum dump! He fucked Mandy and then used my mouth only as a place to deposit his load! 

 "Ooooohhh..." The moan burst out of Trisha's lips as the thoughts rushed through her. And I happily gulped him down! I sucked the cock that had just been pounding my best friend's twat...that was still warm and coated with her juices...I lapped up the taste of Mandy's pussy like it was candy!Trisha looked up to watch her friend again. The dainty blonde was still bent over, slurping and drooling on the cock in her mouth, and even though the man was no longer supporting her leg, she still kept it thrust up in the air, like a figure skater, bent over and balanced on only one foot, offering her swollen, sopping pussy to the next customer. Trisha watched as another man took position, hoisting Mandy's leg over her shoulder, keeping her in the sideways-splits, and the little blonde shuddered and whimpered as he pierced into her, thrusting hard and deep into her twat. 

 She looked so frightened at the beginning of the night,Trisha thought, still bent over, watching her friend. But she was soaking wet the entire time...she was aching for a hard fucking!Trisha licked her lips; she could still taste Mandy's wetness in her mouth. Just like me...Trisha glanced over her shoulder at the man behind her. His hands were still hard and tight around her slim waist, forcing her to bend sharply over, his hips grinding hard and fast into hers, the thrust of his cock in her twat so fierce that it sent her rocking back and forth, tipping precariously on her heels, her long, dangling hair swaying, her perky tits bouncing in rhythm with his pounds. She turned back to stare at Mandy, pigtails bobbing and big blue eyes wide with pleasure, still rocking back and forth, between the slobber-coated cock in her mouth and the new one in her cunt, her one high heel dangling in the air, her other one wobbling on the floor as she struggled to keep her balance. For a second, Mandy pulled the cock out of her mouth and let out a series of wails, as if she just couldn't keep them contained anymore. "Oooh...ah!...oh...oh my gosh! Oh yes!" 

 Trisha grinned. Two dirty sluts...two nasty whores...She let out a squeal as the man drilled into her extra-hard, sending her reeling forward, and the cheerleader was just barely able to keep her balance by reaching back to grab his thighs, holding onto him as he thrust into her. Two petite cheerleaders, getting gangbanged together! I guess Mandy was right after all! 

 *** 

 The first man who had unloaded his cum in Trisha's mouth had started a trend. The next time, when the man pounding into Trisha's cunt was almost there, he pulled out and raced over to Mandy, shoving the other guy aside, stuffing his cock into the little blonde's drool-coated lips without even asking. Trisha grinned as she watched her friend's eyes widen with surprise, and she knew that her friend was having the same reaction to tasting Trisha's pussy juices, to realizing that she was slurping on a cock that had just been balls-deep in her best friend's twat. But that was all she saw, because in the next instant another man had slid up behind her and sank his cock into her twat. The cheerleader squealed, her body shuddering with lust as she felt his hands close around her little waist, and she forgot about everything else. 

 Back and forth, the room took their turns with the two cheerleaders; one having his fill of Mandy's pussy and then depositing his load in Trisha's mouth, the next one the other way around. Each batch of cum was more delicious than the last, more thick as it slid down her throat. Each time a stranger's cock slid into her mouth, Trisha felt her chest rising with excitement, her tongue eagerly snaking out of her lips to lap up yet another taste of Mandy's pussy cream. Her petite body trembled with jolts of lust with every taste of Mandy's lust, and the cheerleader found herself hungrily watching each man that slid his prick into the little blonde's cunt, silently hoping that he would fuck her faster so he would cum sooner, impatiently waiting for him to run over to her open, waiting mouth and give her another taste of cum and Mandy's juices. Trisha couldn't help it; she had never felt so dirty. What a slut I am...I'm so cum-thirsty that I can't wait for a complete stranger to shove his cock into my mouth...I'm so nasty that I love the taste of my best friend's twat! 

 Her dress was still yanked to her waist, her tits swaying in the air as each man bent her over and drilled his cock into her; her heels teetering on the carpet as she was rocked back and forth, holding onto each man to keep herself from falling forward. Some of the men would fuck her face too hard when they raced over to cum in her mouth, struggling to keep their loads and too used to the motion of pounding Mandy's cunt hard and fast; they would gag Trisha with their shafts, making her chest heave with chokes and drool spill out of her lips Now, a stream of her slobber was dribbling down her chin, splashing onto the floor below her bent-over body, a few drops even catching in her hair as it dangled down below her face, swinging back and forth in rhythm with the pounding she was taking. 

 Mandy's thighs were now quivering with the effort of being stretched for so long, her muscles tense and sore from thrusting her leg straight up in the air. But the blonde kept her position, eagerly offering herself to each man who eased his cock into her, trembling and wobbling on her foot as she moaned and yelped. Trisha had a perfect view of her friend's cunt, soaked and soft, being filled and pumped, stretched and stuffed. The cheerleader feasted her eyes on the sight of her friend, legs stretched in the air taking one fierce pounding after another, her own body shuddering with lust as she watched, mixing with the pleasure gushing through her own abused pussy. 

 "Ooh...oh!...ahhh!!" 

 "Yes! Oh my gosh! More!" 

 The two cheerleaders exchanged whimpers and wails of lust, sending them back and forth, echoing through the room, feeding off the other one's pleasure. Each was engrossed by the sight of the other one, loving the chance to watch her best friend take a hard cock while her own pussy was ravished and violated. Every few moments, Trisha's big brown eyes would catch Mandy's soft blue ones, and the two girls would gobble up the sight of the lust in the other one's faces, their cheeks flushed and red, their chins soaked and dribbling with their own drool, their mouths open and panting as they awaited their next deposit of cum. Trisha still couldn't believe the sight of Mandy like this; the petite girl was still balanced on one foot and bent over, her blonde hair bobbing in the air. Her friend's fright and shyness was gone now; she was eagerly offering her slight, tender body to every man who wanted to take it. She was yelling and shouting her lust out loud now, grabbing desperately onto the hands around her waist, brazenly grinding her hips against every cock that slid in between her slender, trembling thighs. Sweet, innocent Mandy can be just as dirty and nasty as me. 

 Now, rocking back and forth on her high heels, Trisha licked her lips once more, tasting the residue of Mandy's pussy juices; the evidence of Mandy's filthy, carnal pleasure, transported from her sopping cunt to Trisha's waiting mouth on a stranger's hard cock. The dainty cheerleader carefully kept her grip on the thighs of the man behind her, bending over at the waist to give him a better angle, holding on to keep herself from tipping forward as each thrust of his cock sent her little body reeling forward. She could hear his harsh grunts and groans as he drilled into her, his hands tight around her slim waist, pushing her down, keeping her bent forward as she swung back and forth, her long hair dangling. He was panting with the effort of pounding the young cheerleader, his entire body thrown into his strong, thick thrusts into Trisha's twat, his breathing heavy with lust and desire. The entire room was soaked and filled with carnal pleasure. Trisha's and Mandy's wails and cries mixed with the grunting of the men pounding into them, the four bodies moving in rhythm, two cocks powering into two whimpering cheerleaders. Now, Trisha glanced around to see the faces of all the men watching them. She could see the lust shared in each one of their expressions, eyes darting back and forth between the slim blonde and the perky brunette, hypnotized by the two young sluts. They couldn't decide who was a sexier sight; the dainty schoolgirl blonde, with her little leg thrown over one man's shoulder as she grinded against him, or the pouty-faced brunette, with her firm tits thrust out of her yanked-down dress, her thong still stretched between her spread legs as she rocked back and forth on her high heels. 

 "Oooh...yes!" "Ohh...Ohh!" Trisha and Mandy were insatiable, crying out for more. Trisha felt her body radiating and tingling with pleasure, delighting in the feeling of being on display, of being taken and used as just a piece of meat, as nothing but a pussy to be ravished over and over. And sharing this feeling with someone else...it just makes the whole thing better!A shudder of joy wracked Trisha's slender figure as she felt the cock plunge into her cunt, thick and pulsing, hard and hot in her sopping twat, so huge that the cheerleader thought she would burst. Hands tightened around her slim waist as the man's grunts grew louder and more fierce, and Trisha let out a yelp and tightened her grip on his thighs as the thrusts grew even more savage. He was sending her flailing back and forth on her heels as he pounded her, his cock throbbing with his lust, using Trisha's tight pussy with as much strength as he could muster. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 17 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Ahhhh FUCK!" He pulled out in just in time, and Trisha staggered backwards as he quickly slipped his meat out of her cunt, carefully jacking himself off with one hand, hurrying over to Mandy. The little blonde eagerly opened her mouth, her blue eyes as wide as saucers with eagerness. Mandy was enjoying the taste of cum in her mouth just as much as Trisha; she was staring hungrily at the throbbing cock, her tongue out and waiting. 

 But the man didn't make it. He only got within two paces of Mandy's flushed face, and then he let out a frantic groan. 

 "Oh Shit!!" His cum spewed forth, splattering Mandy's face with a thick rope of white seed that stretched right across the blonde's open, unprepared eyes. Trisha grinned as she watched the blonde yelp in surprise. More streams of cum showered the slim cheerleader's face even as she took a hard cock in her cunt, whimpering and rocking back and forth as streams of jism dribbled across her nose, her mouth, and both of her cheeks. A trickle of cum ran down and dripped off her chin, waggling back and forth as she bucked against the cock in her twat. But even as she continued to squeal in surprise, Mandy's tongue snuck out and licked around her lips, lapping up the man's seed without even thinking about it, overwhelmed by lust and the desire to taste him. 

 "Yeah, Mandy! You nasty slut!" Trisha heard herself shout, her voice breathless and panting. And suddenly, her cry was echoed throughout the room. 

 "Fuck yeah! What a dirty whore!" 

 "Lick that cum up, little girl!" 

 "Filthy slut!" 

 Mandy's eyes widened as she listened. Then she grinned, and the little blonde reached a hand up to begin to wipe the cum off her face, sucking her fingers clean, gulping down as much cum as she could. More whoops ran through the watching group, and Trisha joined in. Wow! She looks so nasty..cleaning a stranger's cum off herself, lapping it up... Ooh...I want my own load of cum! 

 "Uhhhh!" Without warning the man pounding into Mandy shuddered and raced over to Trisha, his cock swollen, dripping, and pulsing. Trisha's eyes widened in delight as she saw him move towards her, and frantic words tumbled out of her mouth: 

 "On my face! Cum on my face!" The cheerleader stared excitedly at the white streaks of jism streaming down Mandy's face, at her sticky, coated fingers sliding in and out of her drool-coated lips; she desperately wanted the same treatment. "Yes! Please! Shoot it on my face!" 

 "FUCK yeah!" 

 Trisha felt her cheeks twitch involuntarily as a spray of hot, thick cum spewed across her pouty face, impacting on her forehead and dribbling down her little nose and open lips. More streams of his warm seed spurted across her cheeks, covering her entire face, wayward drops splashing in her eyes and her hair. She could feel the hot cum beginning to drip down her cheeks; she could see his thick, pulsing cock just inches from her face, still showering her with hot, powerful streams of spunk. The petite cheerleader was still bent over even though no one was fucking her anymore, and now she took a step forward and eagerly gulped the cock into her mouth, sucking and slurping thirstily. Now, her body shuddered with pleasure as she tasted Mandy's cunt one more time, her tongue skimming up and down the shaft as she plunged him into her mouth. 

 "Ohhh yeahhh..." With a groan, the man pumped one last spurt of cum into the cheerleader's mouth, and she gulped it down in the same moment, savoring the tangy mixture of his and Mandy's juices. Then, he gently pulled himself out of her drooling lips. He stepped backwards to admire Trisha along with everyone else; a petite teenager, still bent over at the waist with her dress yanked down and her thong around her knees, now with fresh, hot cum dribbled all over her pouty face. The cheerleader stayed bent over as she felt a rush of lust course through her body, straining in her high heels as she drank in their stares in grins. Across the room, Mandy was still happily cleaning herself off, and suddenly Trisha realized that every man in the room looked worn out; everyone seemed to have been serviced by one of the two girls. 

 But once more, Trisha found herself being proven wrong. She felt one last pair of hands slide around her waist; another man positioning himself behind the bent over cheerleader. Without even looking, she already knew it must be Dan. The lifeguard always waited to fuck Trisha last, after she had been abused and violated as much as possible, after she had been ravished like only the nastiest of sluts could take. He was always last, and he was always the roughest, pounding the dainty cheerleader with all his strength until he finally filled her pussy with his load. Her body shuddered and jolted with pleasure just thinking about it. Ohhh...his big, hard cock drilling me hard...that's exactly what I need! He's going to pound my little twat while everyone watches, while Mandy is standing only a few feet away...while I still have someone's cum dripping all over my face!It was her favorite moment of the night – the moment that finally made her scream with pleasure as she climaxed on the lifeguard's rod. 

 With a moan of pleasure, Trisha turned to flash a smile at the lifeguard, but then she opened her mouth in shock. It wasn't Dan! It was only some other stranger, with blonde hair and a beard, grinning down at the petite girl as he got ready to take his turn. Trisha felt her stomach turn with disappointment. Where's Dan? 

 Then, she heard a squeal of shock from across the room. Trisha turned and gasped. Dan was across the room, naked, his curly brown hair unmistakable, his thick and bulging cock ready for action, his arm muscles tense as he picked up Mandy, carrying the yelping blonde over to the couch. Mandy's blue eyes were wide with surprise, but as soon as the lifeguard deposited her on the couch, she caught a sight of his hard manhood, throbbing as he stared down at her. 

 Dan's face was dark with lust, his eyes nearly glazed over as he stared down at the dainty cheerleader. He seemed nearly beyond words, lost completely to his desire to take the young blonde. 

 Across the room, Trisha watched, her mouth open in shock. He wants to fuck Mandy...instead of me...?Her eyes widened as she watched Dan reach down and fiercely grab at Mandy's blouse, prompting a gasp of shock from the girl. He pulled apart the shirt, easily ripping it off the slim blonde's body and discarding it on the floor. At last, Mandy's slim chest was revealed, her teenage tits on display with her pink nipples poking out in the air. Mandy shivered slightly in Dan's grip, but she kept looking up at him with her soft blue eyes, silently admiring his hard cock with a shy, eager stare. 

 A low growl of lust came from Dan that made Trisha quiver with lust and envy. Ohhh...I wanted his cock! I want him to fuck me! It's not fair!She was used to hearing that sound whenever he looked down at her own petite body, whenever he was about to punish and violate her cunt. Now, he was staring down at Mandy instead. The blonde cheerleader was clad in nothing but her schoolgirl miniskirt and her high heels, barely five feet tall and sitting on the couch in front of him with her legs stretched out, her eyes pouting sweetly up at him, her hair done up in pigtails, her swollen pussy ready. 

 At the sound of his growl, Mandy's face turned slightly frightened for a second, intimidated by the sight of the towering lifeguard, staring down at her with his face completely clouded with animalistic lust. But she didn't have time to react, as he suddenly picked her up once more. The blonde squealed as he flipped her over, and then plopped her down on the couch once more. Now, she was on her knees on the cushions, facing away from Dan, her little ass peeking out of the bottom of her checkered skirt. In the next second, he had pounced on her, planting both of his muscular hands on her slim back and shoving her down. Mandy yelped again as she tipped forward. The dainty cheerleader crumpled under his strength, her back dipping and her shoulders and head plowing into the couch, even as she stayed on her knees. Now Mandy's ass was sticking up and out at Dan, the rest of the cheerleader's body angled downwards, her back arched and her head buried in the pillows. Trisha gave an envious whimper as she watched the lifeguard mount the couch, kneeling behind Mandy's raised ass, pushing even harder on her back, grinding her face into the couch cushion and forcing her shoulders down. 

 Trisha's entire body was trembling and shuddering with lust, and now she desperately reached back and grabbed at the man behind her bent-over body, pulling him forward, aching for something - anything – to fill her pussy as she ached for Dan's meat. The bearded man behind her quickly obeyed, sliding himself forward, positioning his cock behind the petite brunette's twat. He eased his dick into Trisha at the same exact moment that Dan drilled his shaft into Mandy, and the two cheerleaders burst out with yells of pleasure; Mandy feeling Dan's thick manhood in her pussy for the first time, Trisha quivering with lust as she watched, wishing it was her. 

 "Ohhhh!" 

 "Ahh!" 

 The bearded man had slid his hands around Trisha's little waist, rocking the cheerleader back and forth on her heels, plunging the full length of his cock into her pussy. She could feel his meat plowing into her, filling her, sliding deep between her slender legs. But it was nothing compared to the pounding that Mandy was taking. Dan was driving his hips hard and deep into the little blonde, using the downward force of his entire body to pump her twat well. He kept his hands on Mandy's back, forcing her head into the cushions even as she stayed on her knees, ass up and face down as her cunt was stuffed by his shaft. Dan's expression was dark and thick with lust, and the force of his frenzied thrusts sent Mandy's entire body reeling back and forth on the couch, her heels bouncing, her pigtails flailing, her dainty figure thrown hard against his pounding hips. The couch itself was creaking and moaning, scraping against the floor. Now, as Trisha watched, Mandy frantically planted her hands in the cushions in front of her, pushing back with all her might, digging her knees into the couch as she desperately tried to brace herself against Dan's savage thrusts, struggling to keep her little body upright and in position to take his shaft. Mandy's eyes were wide and wild with lust, her face almost shocked at the pleasure of the lifeguard's vicious strokes, his lust-crazed strength as he drilled her tight twat. As she dug her fingernails into the cushions, bucking back against Dan as hard as she could, her thrilled screams rose and rose in volume, drowning out Trisha. 

 "Oh! Ohh! AHHH!! YES!! Ohhh YESSS!!!" 

 Dan's harsh groans were loud too, as his thick hips powered into Mandy's little ass, each thrust echoing a slap!throughout the room as he drilled balls-deep into the cheerleader's twat. Desperately, Trisha watched Dan violate Mandy, and the petite brunette's own fingers pressed harder into the thighs of the man behind her, and she bent over even further, arching her back, frantically begging him to fuck her harder and faster. The bearded man groaned and pumped into Trisha's cunt extra-hard, but the cheerleader barely even noticed as she stared at Dan's cock, slamming into Mandy's twat with blurry fast speed. Ohhh God...he's ravaging Mandy! He's punishing her little pussy! Why didn't he fuck me??? 

 "Ooh! Oh! Ah! YESSS!!!" Mandy's screams were high-pitched and hysterical, the little blonde driven wild by pleasure, eagerly bucking and slamming her hips into his with such force that the entire couch shuddered with the impact. Trisha could see Mandy's slim chest heaving as she panted, her mouth wide open as she gasped for breath, her entire body working to take Dan's savage fucking. Trisha whimpered as she watched, so jealous that she thought she would burst, and she dug her fingernails into the bearded man's thighs, impatiently thrusting her own hips back into his as fast as she could without losing her balance in her heels. 

 "Harder!" she yelped out, frustrated. "Harder! Deeper!" 

 But the bearded man could barely hear her over Mandy's wild screams, and no one else even noticed. They were all staring at the dainty blonde, her slim, petite figure sprawled across the couch, on her knees so her ass could be drilled by Dan, her slim back arched, her arms stiff and her hands digging into the cushions as she pushed back with all her might. Her schoolgirl miniskirt was flopping uselessly around her tiny waist, her blonde pigtails flailing on her head as she reeled and bucked back and forth. The lifeguard was crouched over her, his hands still driving her down onto the couch, his hips working fast and fierce to pound his cock into her tight twat. It was an incredible sight: the frightened, eighteen-year-old cheerleader who had walked in the room earlier that night, who had fucked only one guy before in her life, was now screaming and thrashing on the couch in carnal pleasure, completely forgetting about everyone else in the room. 

 Mandy's screams were piercingly loud, her cute face sweaty and flushed and frantic with lust. Across the room, Trisha rocked as hard as she could against the cock in her own twat, begging and whimpering for more, boiling with envy as she watched her best friend take her hard pounding. 

 "OHHH! Ohhhh YES! YES, DAN! YES!!!" 

 "FUCK!" Dan growled, panting for breath, his hips powering into Mandy's, his cock stretching and punishing the little blonde. "Fuck yeah, Mandy! You nasty little bitch!" 

 "OOH! YES! AHHH!!" 

 Mandy was pushing back against Dan with all her might, her fingers digging fiercely into the cushions and her legs tense as she bucked back against the lifeguard, fighting to keep herself on her knees as he drove down into her twat over and over. But even so, she was losing the battle. Slowly, each thrust by Dan's cock sent the dainty cheerleader sliding a little lower on the couch, her little frame unable to hold against his vicious pounding. Bit by bit, Mandy was getting closer to lying flat on her stomach, her knees beginning to crumple under Dan's weight, her slim legs trembling as she slowly slid down. But the blonde cheerleader didn't even notice. Her entire body was lost to the thick, hard pumps of Dan's cock, thrashing and bucking wildly in lust, loving the feeling of being filled to the brim by his stiff rod, loving the sound of his harsh breathing and animalistic growls as he slammed and worked her petite figure hard. And suddenly, Dan drilled into Mandy with all his strength, and the girl collapsed under his weight with a wild, ragged scream. She was now lying flat on the couch, her head still buried in the cushions, with Dan's cock buried balls-deep in her sopping cunt. The lifeguard had fucked her so hard that he had pounded her straight into the couch, and now with a loud groan, he unleashed his load in her twat. 

 "OHHHH!!! YESSS!!" 

 Trisha whimpered with desire as she watched Mandy's body begin to tremble on the couch, and the little blonde squeezed her eyes shut as she began to whimper and twitch with lust. Her own body had been pushed over the edge by Dan's climax, by the feeling of his massive rod throbbing and spurting inside of her, and now the blonde cheerleader was orgasming too, bucking on the couch as she felt him deposit his cum inside of her, overwhelmed by pleasure. 

 Trisha glared at the two of them, her body coursing with envy and desire. No! It's not FAIR!! 

 "HARDER!" Trisha screamed out in frustration. "DEEPER!" With one hand she grabbed hold on the man's thighs, yanking him into her cunt, so hard that she knew it must be painful. The other one slid down between her spread thighs, and the petite brunette moaned with frantic pleasure as her fingers found her bulging clit, eagerly grinding into the little red nub. 

 The stranger let out a deep grunt as he felt the cheerleader slam her hips against his, burying the full length of his rod in her aching pussy. At the same moment, he was staring at the slim blonde on the couch, shouting and shuddering in her orgasm, pressed flat on her stomach as Dan put his entire body into stuffing her with his cock. The sight of little Mandy, wailing like a wild animal, digging her fingernails into the couch in pleasure, flopping her schoolgirl's skirt and pigtails around as she thrashed, was all too much for him. Trisha felt his cock begin to grow and throb deep in her twat, and her little canal began to flood with his seed. The petite brunette was still staring at her friend, bucking wildly on the couch, at the muscular lifeguard mounted on top of her, his face deep in lust as he unloaded his cum into Mandy's twat. Trisha's own pussy was hot and desperate with desire as she watched, and now, as the man spurted his jism into her, the cheerleader closed her eyes and continued to massage her eager clit. 

 Ohh...he's abusing Mandy's little body!Trisha thought to herself, her eyes tightly shut, her fingers blurry fast on her red clit. Pleasure was radiating through the cheerleader; the hot cum in her pussy, the cock buried balls-deep in her dainty body, the waves of tingling joy bursting through her hips as she fingered her sopping mound. God...I wish he would abuse me too! I want to taste his cum! I want him to pump his load into me, to use me like the dirty slut I am...like his favorite slut... 

 "Ohhh...yesss..." Trisha whimpered. Her entire arm was now rigid and flailing back and forth, her hand straining and buried between her spread legs as she stood, bent over, in her heels, her fingers grinding hungrily into her clit, pushing her pleasure higher and higher. With her other hand, she kept a tight grip on the man's thigh, making sure his cock stayed buried in her twat as he shot his cum inside of her. 

 Oooh...that's right, I'm a dirty slut! I've taken so many cocks in my pussy...and I want Dan's too! I want him to deposit his load in his favorite whore...his favorite cum dump! 

 "OHHH!!!" The cheerleader trembled with lust now as she felt the hot jism flood her twat, the cock stuffed inside of her spasming with each spurt. Her clit wanted even more, and Trisha eagerly indulged her, frantically ravishing the nub so fast that everyone could hear the wet sounds of her fingers sliding across her sopping mound. 

 "Check out these two whores!" someone shouted. "They're both gonna cum tonight!" 

 "Hell yeah!" 

 Trisha's eyes were still closed, but she drank in their shouts, her fingers still blurry fast on her dripping mound, her body rushing with lust, getting closer and closer. Ohhh...cum in me, Dan! Cum in me!Suddenly, she felt another hand slip between her slender thighs, and a voice speaking just above her. 

 "That's my little slut, Trisha..." 

 The cheerleader popped open her eyes, and looked up to see Dan, standing in front of her, grinning down as he watched her frantically finger herself. 

 "Ohh...Dan..." Trisha breathed, panting now in lust. Bent over like she was, Trisha's face was nearly level with his cock, and she could see that it was still glistening with Mandy's juices, and that one extra dribble of cum had slipped out of his tip, staring to run down the shaft. Like a starving animal, Trisha eagerly strained forward, slipping the tip of his meat into her lips. Dan chuckled and stepped forward, burying more of his shaft in the young brunette's mouth as he gently began to rub her clit. Trisha's entire body shuddered as her tongue tingled with the taste of Dan's cock and his cum, and the now-familiar flavor of Mandy's pussy. 

 Whoops and cheers echoed through the room as they watched Trisha, whimpering and bucking eagerly as two cocks slid into her. Yes! Ooooh YES!The cheerleader imagined the sight in front of them: a petite brunette, barely five feet tall, standing and straining in her heels, bent over at the waist so far that she was face-level with Dan's cock. Her dress was still bunched around her waist, her thong taut between her knees as she spread her slender legs as wide as she could. And two cocks were buried in the cheerleader; one balls-deep in her cunt, filling her with hot cum, the other deep in her drool-coated lips. Ohhh...just think about all those cocks that pumped their jism down my throat...all those loads of cum swishing around in my stomach! Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 17 ****** byHiddenDevil_© A muffled, gurgled scream burst out of Trisha's chest as she gulped down Dan's cock, savoring the taste of Mandy's cunt, of the lifeguard's delicious cum. At long last, the cheerleader felt her body rush with her own orgasm, her pussy spasming with pleasure, her body wracked and trembling as her body flooded with carnal joy. 

 I'm such a naughty slut! And...I'm not the only one!She could still taste Mandy's juices in her mouth, the taste of the blonde's twat, ravished and pounded just as thoroughly as her own. Her climax burst through her in waves, flushing her little body with wild, red-hot pleasure. We're two nasty whores! Two eighteen-year-old cheerleaders that just serviced a roomful of strangers! Two cock-hungry sluts! 

 "Oh...mmf! Ooh...aggh!" Trisha's screams of pleasure were muffled by Dan's cock, and so instead all that came out of the cheerleader were loud gurgles, her slurps even more sloppy than usual, her perky chest heaving as she gasped for breath. 

 Mandy was still sprawled across the couch, panting and whimpering, recovering from Dan's vicious ravishing of her little body. Now, the blonde turned and watched Trisha, sandwiched between two men, slurping noisily on Dan's cock while the man with the beard gave a loud, satisfied groan, and gently eased his cock out of the cheerleader's cunt. Mandy watched as her friend shuddered at the feeling of the shaft sliding from her pussy, and Trisha groaned too, low and muffled, as she felt one last jolt of her orgasm wash through her petite figure. Dan grinned as he stared down at the brunette, and he slid out too, letting his shaft glide across Trisha's slobbery lips. Now, the cheerleader was left alone in the middle of the room, panting in the aftermath of her orgasm, her face coated with cum and slobber, her dainty body flushed. She was still bent over in her heels, and now a single drop of white cum dribbled out of her red, teenage twat. 

 Mmm...that's exactly what I was waiting for!Trisha felt her body fill with relief, with a deep, warm pleasure, and the cheerleader began to head over to the couch, ready to plop her exhausted little body next to Mandy. But at her first step she tripped and wobbled in her heels; she had forgotten that her thong was still stretched between her knees. Oops!Trisha giggled, and then teetered her way over to the couch, her dress still bunched around her waist. At last, the perky brunette collapsed next to the slim blonde, who had sat up to make room for her friend. 

 "Hiya, Mandy!" Trisha beamed, greeting her friend. Close up, Mandy's dimpled cheeks were just as flushed as Trisha's, and her dainty body was clearly tired from being violated so many times. But the blonde's blue eyes were bright and happy. 

 "Hey, Trish!" Mandy piped back, giggling. The two girls laughed as they sat side by side, grinning at each other, each so happy at the way the night had turned out, each glowing at the knowledge that they were surrounded by men, by strangers who had just ravished them together. Who knew that Mandy was such a slut underneath?Trisha thought, beaming. Maybe that's why we ended up being best friends...deep down we're both just cock-hungry whores! We're both nasty enough to take all these hard dicks together! 

 The entire room was circled around the couch, grinning down at the two petite cheerleaders sitting together on the cushions, barely five feet tall and just eighteen years old. The blonde still had her hair up in pigtails, her pussy peeking out of her checkered miniskirt, her tattered blouse discarded on the floor. The brunette's dress was still bunched around her waist, showing off her impressive chest, her slender legs crossed with her thong still tangled around her knees. Trisha grinned. We may look like two sweet little cheerleaders...but we're really the filthiest, dirtiest girls at our high school!She glanced around the room, taking in each man, face by face. She just couldn't stop smiling. 

 "Hey man," Someone nudged the person next to them. "Who's your favorite?" 

 Trisha felt her grin fading a little bit. Favorite...? 

 The second man laughed. "Fuck, that's a hard one! They're both so fucking hot!" 

 "Yeah, they are." 

 Trisha and Mandy both turned towards each other, still smiling. But Trisha could feel her joy dulling a little. 

 "Gun to my head...I think I'd pick the blonde. She's so damn cute...it's just too much fun to fuck her brains out!" 

 Trisha felt her chest sink, and suddenly her jealousy reared its head again. Hey! I'm pretty cute, too...aren't I? 

 "Really?" The first man looked incredulous. "I don't know, man. I can't get enough of that brown-haired one's tits!" 

 Suddenly the entire room was joining the conversation, blurting out their favorite parts about each girl; the way Mandy's sweet blue eyes looked up at you while you fucked her cunt; the way Trisha hungrily gulped down the entire length of your rod and left you buried in her mouth when you were ready to cum. Trisha could still feel jealousy swimming in her stomach, and suddenly the cheerleader felt herself sitting up a little straighter, arching her back a little more, thrusting out her perky tits and spreading her slim legs just a bit. She wasn't smiling anymore. Mandy was her best friend, but still, she wanted to be the nastiest slut in the room. I...I want them to pick me! I don't know why, but...I just do! 

 "Did she deep-throat your cock? She can suck cock man, let me tell you!" 

 "Yeah, but the way the little blonde grinds on your dick...I came so hard!" 

 "What do you think, Dan?" someone asked. 

 The lifeguard had stayed silent the entire time, just watching the two girls sitting quietly on the couch. Trisha looked up at Dan. Her big brown eyes were hopeful as she stared up at the lifeguard who had plunged his cock into her cunt so many times, who had driven the cheerleader wild with lust more than once, who had coerced her into multiple gangbangs. He had shown Trisha just how much the petite cheerleader loved being a naughty whore, had shown her that she was dirtier and nastier than she would have ever imagined, even with Britney. Britney...he drove a rift between me and Britney! 

 Dan grinned down at them, pausing as he glanced back and forth between the two girls. His eyes would rest for a moment on Mandy, the little blonde who had just whimpered and yelped as he punished her dainty body, whose slim legs had spent the entire night spread in the splits as one man after another slid in between her slim hips. Then he would stare at Trisha, the young cheerleader he had violated so many times, fucking her perky body everywhere, from a shower stall at the beach to his own car. 

 "I don't know," he said, finally. "I can't choose." 

 Trisha's heart sank. He...he won't decide?At last, she turned to look at Mandy. He doesn't prefer me...over her? Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 18 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 "Great job, everyone! Let's do some stretches real quick and then we'll call it a day." 

 The cheerleaders quickly lined up in the center of the field, obeying Coach Pennings. One by one, each girl sat down to stretch, carefully arranging their miniskirts on the grass, a long line of high school girls in skimpy cheerleading uniforms. Trisha was next to Mandy, and the blonde grinned at her as they sat together. Trisha knew that it wasn't for anything in particular; Mandy had just been grinning and giggling at Trisha all day. Trisha knew that every moment her friend was thinking about last night, about the wild gang-bang the two cheerleaders had enjoyed together in Dan's apartment, about the crowd of strangers plowing their cocks into each of the petite girls. Mandy had finally discovered how nasty and slutty she was inside, and the two girls had wailed and whimpered together, taking one hard shaft after another, filling their stomachs with countless loads of cum. 

 It was obvious how much Mandy had enjoyed last night, and how much she was still thinking about it today. But, every time Trisha thought about last night, she didn't feel the same kind of happiness that Mandy did. Every time she thought about it, she could only remember what happened at the end. 

 By now Trisha had been the guest of honor at several gang-bangs, all courtesy of Dan, and every single time the lifeguard had always waited his turn to fuck her last. He always loved to mount her and spear into her only after she had been thoroughly violated by countless strangers, after her little body was flushed and tender from taking so many hard cocks. And it had become Trisha's favorite part of the night, too; knowing that Dan was waiting until she was completely abused and ravished, that he got off on seeing her become a shameless, filthy whore. She loved the feeling of him roughly having his way with her even as her body trembled in exhaustion from servicing so many men, even as half a dozen loads of cum dried on her face or swished around in her stomach. But last night, Dan didn't fuck Trisha at the end. In fact, he didn't touch her at all. Instead he only wanted to plunge his shaft into Mandy, into Trisha's best friend &ndash; the cute, blonde newbie. 

 I've been sucking and fucking Dan's cock for weeks now…he couldn't get enough of me! He wanted to drill my petite body every single day…he wanted to use me like a nasty slut!Trisha turned to stare at her friend. But…he wanted to fuck Mandy last night, not me! He came in her pussy instead of mine! It's not fair! 

 Coach Pennings walked by as the two cheerleaders bent their dainty bodies down towards the ground, spreading their slender legs as they stretched. "Nice flexibility, Mandy! Good work!" 

 Mandy's legs were spread in a perfect splits, and the lithe blonde was bent forward so far that her perky chest was pressed against the ground. Now, she giggled again and flashed yet another grin at Trisha, her big blue eyes happy and mischievous. Mandy was imagining the way each man had stretched her slim legs into the splits and slid his cock between her flexible thighs. Trisha smiled back, but she couldn't hold back a twinge of envy in her stomach. Why…why didn't he fuck me? 

 At last, practice ended, and the cheerleading squad headed back to the locker room together, chatting, their sneakers squeaking on the wet grass, their miniskirts swishing around their legs in unison as they walked. All around her, Trisha's friends were talking happily about the end of the school year, but the petite brunette couldn't get last night out of her mind. She couldn't deny it; she wanted Dan all for herself. I wish I hadn't brought Mandy last night…I wish he wanted to ravish only my little body, instead of hers!As soon as she got to her locker room, she grabbed her cell phone and texted Dan. She knew it was pitiful and shameless, but she pushed all that aside, and sent her message before she could think twice about it. 

 Hey Dan! Let's meet up tonight for some fun, okay? See ya, Trisha 

 "Who are you texting, Trish?" Mandy craned her neck. 

 "Oh…no one…" Around her, all the other cheerleaders were wriggling out of their uniforms, changing back into normal clothes, but Trisha didn't bother; she was just going to drive home anyways. She tried to act casual as she sat by her locker, telling herself that it was no big deal. But as soon as she heard her cell phone chirp, she grabbed it and hurriedly scanned through the message. 

 Can't tonight, little girl. Busy. We'll get together tomorrow instead. 

 The cheerleader's heart sank. Of all the nights for him to be busy…ugh!It was such a turn of events; for the past few weeks Trisha had been terrible ashamed of the way she couldn't resist Dan, of the way she always turned into a nasty slut around him even when she knew she shouldn't be. But tonight she desperately wanted him to violate her like he always did &ndash; and he wasn't available! 

 "What's wrong?" Mandy hadn't changed, either, and the blonde was still grinning, almost slyly. 

 "Um…it's nothing, Mandy." Trisha stood up and straightened her miniskirt, offering a smile back at her friend. "Hey…want to do something tonight, Mandy? Get some coffee or something?" 

 "Oh…" Mandy shrugged. "I'm sorry, Trish, but I can't! I gotta get home for dinner…you know, I promised my parents I would." 

 "Oh." Trisha sighed. Figures…"Well…I guess I'll just go home too then." The brunette slung her gym bag over her shoulder. "Ready, Mandy?" 

 "Huh?" The blonde looked confused for a second. "Oh…um, sure, I'm ready." 

 The two cheerleaders headed out of the locker room together, the only girls who hadn't changed from their skimpy, midriff-baring uniforms into regular jeans and T-shirts. Normally the two friends were chatty and giggly, but today as they walked down the long hallway they were both silent, their miniskirts swishing and their sneakers scuffing against the tile floors in rhythm as they walked. Mandy still had a half-shy, half-sneaky smile on her face, while Trisha was lost in thought. Does Dan really prefer Mandy to me…? We've been together so many times. What if…what if he just got tired of me? He corrupted me and violated me enough…now he wants to move onto the next innocent girl…to Mandy! 

 Trisha turned to steal a glance at her friend. Mandy was barely five feet tall, almost the exact same height as Trisha. But despite their equally petite figures, Trisha had to admit they looked different &ndash; she had long, slightly wavy brown hair that dangled down her slim shoulders, while her friend had short blonde hair that bobbed around her dimpled cheeks. Trisha was a little more curvy; her 32C-tits straining against the tight cheerleading blouse, accented by her slim, taut waist; her ass just firm and round enough to poke slightly out against the pleats of her miniskirt. Mandy was much more lithe; her tiny, teenage figure looked even more fragile in the skin-hugging uniform. Is that what Dan prefers…a skinnier girl? 

 The cheerleaders were almost at the doors to the parking lot when Mandy suddenly stopped. "Oh, sorry Trish!" she said. "I forgot something in the locker room. Don't wait for me, I'll just catch up with you later!" And before Trisha could say anything, the blonde had whirled around and started trotting back down the hallway. 

 Trisha paused for a moment, watching as Mandy made her way back towards the locker rooms, staring as the pleats of her friend's skirt swished around her slim thighs, not even an inch away from revealing her butt underneath. She watched Mandy's little hips swung slightly to and fro as she walked, her shiny blonde hair just barely tickling her neck as she turned right and disappeared around the corner. Mandy is pretty cute…Trisha admitted to herself, even as her stomach curled slightly. I can see why Dan wants her… 

 She turned back towards the doors, ready to walk out to her car, when she suddenly stopped. Wait a minute…She whirled back around to stare at the empty hallway. The girls' locker room is to the left…why did Mandy go right? That's the way to the boys' locker room…The brunette stood still at the doorway, biting on her lip. It wasn't a big deal that Mandy had gone the wrong way, but for some reason Trisha couldn't let it go. For some reason, a voice inside of her was telling her to follow her friend, to see what was going on. 

 I'm sure it's nothing…but maybe…maybe I'll just check…Trisha started back down the hallway as well, still biting on her lip. She suddenly realized that she was feeling a little nervous &ndash; but why? She probably just had to go the bathroom or something…no, that doesn't make sense…The petite brunette had started out walking slowly, but now she found herself in a quick trot, speeding up with each step, her miniskirt flopping and bouncing as she hurried. At last, she turned the corner. Mandy was nowhere to be seen, and the door the boys' locker room was shut. Trisha found herself walking towards the door, reaching for the handle. This is silly! There's no reason why Mandy would go into the boys' locker room!But even so, the cheerleader was opening the door and silently creeping in, as if someone might catch her at any moment. 

 The locker room was empty, but the lights were still on. Trisha had been in here before, and she recognized the rows of locker, the wooden benches and dirt-stained piles of uniforms and pads and helmets strewn across the floor. Silently, she crept her way past each row, peering around each before she passed by it, tip-toeing softly. I don't know why I'm trying to be so quiet…but something about this just doesn't feel right.Row by row, she passed by, seeing and hearing nothing. There were only a few rows left, and Trisha started to relax. Geez…why was I so worked up? There's obviously no one here. And anyway, Mandy's my best friend! She'd never… 

 But then she heard a scuffling noise, by the back wall. Instantly, Trisha froze mid-step, perking her ears, listening intently. It happened again &ndash; a rustling sound, like clothes or cloth rubbing together. Trembling slightly now, the cheerleader snuck forward, carefully keeping her footsteps quiet, even clamping her mouth shut to avoid breathing too loudly. She slid against the last row of lockers, pausing to listen. Now the noise was louder, and she could tell what it was; two people, groping each other. 

 Then, out of nowhere, Trisha heard a voice let out an eager, desperate squeal: 

 "Oooh…Dan!" 

 The cheerleader's heart sank &ndash; so far that she felt her knees buckling and her body sliding slightly down against the locker bay. It was Dan, of course it was. And she already knew who he was with… 

 "Fuck yeah, Mandy…" the lifeguard's growl was low and distinct. "You're a nasty whore, aren't you?" 

 "Oh…yes!" 

 No…Mandy…At that moment, Trisha's instinct was to flee &ndash; to sprint out of that locker room before she heard anything else. But instead, she found herself leaning slightly forward and turning, gripping the locker bay with her finger, inching her way towards the edge of the lockers, towards a view of what was going on behind them. At last, she couldn't help herself, and she snuck a peek. 

 Mandy was as slim and slight as any other eighteen-year-old at their school. Her tank top was tight and snug around her slim frame, hugging her teenage tits, stopping a couple inches above her waist and showing off the tapered slope of her hips. Her cheerleading miniskirt reached only to the tops of her slender, smooth thighs. The blonde was leaning into Dan, arching her head backwards as he leaned down to kiss her, and she raised herself on her tippy- toes to reach him. Mandy's dainty, bare legs looked gorgeous now, barely covered by her short skirt, straining in her sneakers as she stretched up towards the lifeguard who was over a foot taller than her. Now, Dan's hand slid slowly up the little cheerleader's thigh, sneaking under the hem of her miniskirt, raising the pleats up over her ass as his fingers gently squeezed. 

 "Ahh!" Mandy whimpered as she felt him grab her ass, and Trisha could see that the blonde's petite body was shuddering with lust, eagerly relishing Dan's harsh strength as he groped her. At the same moment, Dan stepped forward, pushing Mandy backwards. The dainty cheerleader was still on her tip-toes, and she lost her balance and yelped again as Dan pushed her back, into the wall of the locker room, and her blue eyes widened in surprise as the lifeguard pressed her against the cold surface. 

 Trisha's friend looked nothing like the Mandy she knew. The little blonde's face was slack and wild with lust, her eyes wide and thirsty. It was only a few weeks ago that Mandy had discovered sex &ndash; it seemed impossible to Trisha to find her friend like this now, whimpering and ready for Dan in the boys' locker room. 

 Dan's hand slid slowly down Mandy's slim frame, his fingers making her shudder and whimper with desire, her body begging for more. Gently, the lifeguard ran his hand down the lithe blonde's teenage chest and her dainty waist, across her taut, slim stomach, revealed by her short cheerleader's blouse. Mandy gasped softly at the feeling of his fingers on her bare skin, and Dan smirked as he watched her press against the wall, leaning against it for support as she quivered in lust. His fingers continued past the top of Mandy's cheerleading miniskirt, trailing down the short pleats. Then, it slipped under the hem, raising the front of her little skirt just barely high enough that Trisha caught a glimpse of Mandy's underwear; a thong, bright red and lacy. A thong??? Sweet little Mandy…wearing a thong? I can't believe it! 

 "Ohhh…Dan…" Mandy whispered, her thighs trembling as he gently slid his hand further in between them. Even from across the room, Trisha could see that her friend was sopping wet, her juices glistening through her thong, with a trail starting to dribble down the inside of one leg. 

 The lifeguard grinned as he stared down at the quivering blonde, his fingers sliding further up her little thighs. He watched as Mandy leaned against the wall, arching her back, eager and excited with lust, driven wild and out of her mind by his teasing hand. Now the lifeguard gently fingered the blonde cheerleader's thong, pushing the skimpy material aside, and across the room Trisha caught a glance of Mandy's pink pussy, swollen and dripping, peeking out under the scrunched-up pleats of her friend's miniskirt. Her cunt was now out in the open, and Mandy's eyes widened eagerly and she shuddered again with lust. Dan's fingers grazed just slightly over the petite blonde's cunt, prompting a soft whimper from the cheerleader. In response, she began to spread her slim legs, her sneakers squeaking on the locker room tiles as she scooted her feet wider and wider, arching herself on her tip-toes, straining against Dan's hand. 

 "Oooh…please…" Mandy whimpered, her voice eager and begging, her body tense and desperate as Dan's hand slid over her aching twat. Trisha suddenly felt a slight twinge in her own body; the petite brunette's pussy was starting to grow wet just by watching Dan and Mandy. He's such a great teaser…he's turning me on just by teasing Mandy! It's not fair! 

 Now, Dan gently slid one finger between Mandy's pussy lips, making the blonde whimper and shudder, her slim legs spread wide. The blonde cheerleader reached down and hurriedly yanked up her pleated skirt, revealing her slim, dainty hips, giving the lifeguard easier access to her twat. 

 "Ohh…yess…yes, Dan…" She was arched and straining, desperately pressing against Dan's finger. Her pussy was dripping wet, coating his finger in her juices, dibbling down his palm and her own slim thighs. He was still only teasing her, skimming back and forth between her pussy lips, making the little blonde beg, her entire body aching for more. 

 Now, Trisha felt her own hand sliding down towards her hips, across her slim stomach, sneaking towards the hem of her cheerleading miniskirt. She knew she shouldn't be spying on them, that it was wrong. And she was jealous too &ndash; she could finally admit that she was boiling with envy that Dan had spurned her to be with Mandy, that the blonde had lied about it too. But still, Trisha couldn't tear herself away. She was hypnotized by the sight of her best friend, whimpering and quivering with lust, teased to the edge by the lifeguard. 

 With a wide grin, the lifeguard gently, teasingly slid his finger up against Mandy's pussy, and then, slowly, he inserted it into the little blonde's canal, making sure to let her savor every inch in her twat. The blonde's eyes widened and she let out a yelp of pleasure, feeling him slide into her aching twat. 

 "Ohhh!" Mandy yelped, and in response the little blonde raised one leg off the ground, bringing her knee to her chest, leaving her foot dangling in the air. Now her hips were spread for Dan, one slim thigh tense and straining as she raised herself on her tip-toes, the other one pressed against her body as she eagerly offered her cunt to him. With one hand she hugged her knee to her chest, eagerly spreading herself as wide as she could; the other one she wrapped around Dan's wrist, holding onto him for balance as she wobbled on her toes. 

 The lifeguard smirked as he stared down at Mandy, her eyes closed, her dimpled cheeks flushed with desire, straining on her one foot. Slowly he began to finger-fuck her, watching as the dainty blonde eagerly pumped against his finger, her pussy sopping and swollen, relishing each time his finger slid into her soft canal. 

 "More…more, Dan…" Mandy whimpered softly, her voice shy but her lust too strong to keep inside. 

 Now a glint of evil was in Dan's eyes. "More what, Mandy?" 

 "Ohh…ohh…" she moaned. Her entire body looked to be aching with desperation; her hips eagerly grinding into his hand, begging softly, wanting something bigger, her one leg raised to her chest to offer herself to him. "Please…ooh…more…" 

 "More…?" Dan repeated. He had one hand around the little blonde's waist as she held onto him for balance, leaning against the wall. The other slid firmly back and forth against her tender flesh, his knuckles running into her soaked mound and making her quiver with desire. "Tell me what you want, Mandy. More inside of you?" 

 "Y-yesss!" Mandy groaned quickly, and the young cheerleader closed her eyes and nodded eagerly in response, her short blonde hair bobbing around her flushed cheeks as she continued to rock into Dan's hand. 

 The lifeguard smirked, and now he gently inserted a second finger into the petite girl's twat, pumping her soft mound. Instantly, Mandy shuddered and let out a yelp, her body eagerly bucking against his hand by instinct. Trisha could see her hand tightening around his wrist, her eyes tightly shut and her cheeks twitching in pleasure. 

 "You look so fucking fine, Mandy…" Dan whispered. He was staring down at the cheerleader, her dainty chest heaving as she whimpered in pleasure, breathing so hard that Trisha could see her friend's skimpy cheerleading blouse sliding up and down on her slim frame. Her miniskirt dangled around her slim hips, barely reaching the bottom of her tight butt, her slender legs rigid and straining. "You're a naughty girl, aren't you?" Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 18 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Yesss!" Mandy repeated, again nodding, her little hips grinding in a circle as he finger-fucked her. 

 "You're a nasty slut, isn't that right, Mandy?" Dan taunted. Trisha could see a massive bulge straining out of his jeans now, and the petite brunette felt a shudder of lust run through her own body as she peeked around the wall. He's really getting off on this!The brunette's hand was now buried in her own miniskirt &ndash; she couldn't take her eyes of the lifeguard's bulge. 

 "Ohhh…" Mandy whimpered, her eyes still tightly shut, her body pressed against the wall. The pleats of her miniskirt were now flopping back and forth against her butt, she was rocking so eagerly into Dan's hand, desperately wanting more, her body flushed with lust. 

 "Tell me, Mandy," the lifeguard went on. "Tell me you're a nasty slut!" 

 "Oh…ooh…I…" Mandy's voice was soft and strained; the little blonde struggling to say the words, shyly whimpering softly even as her body burst out with desperate desire, her hips bouncing in a steady rhythm on Dan's fingers. 

 "Tell me now," Dan reapted, his voice harsh and commanding. "What are you, Mandy?" 

 "I…" Mandy stuttered out, still struggling. "I-I'm….I'm a nasty slut! Ohhh…" 

 "Again." Dan was ordering Mandy around like a child, his tone firm and uncompromising. 

 "I'm a n-nasty slut!" Mandy repeated softly. Her entire body was now sliding up and down slightly against the wall, bobbing on her toes, propelling her quivering hips against Dan's soaked fingers, deep in her pussy. 

 "Louder!" Dan shouted, his eyes fixed on Mandy's flushed cheeks and her closed eyes, watching as the dainty cheerleader panted and bucked against his fingers. 

 The blonde's slim chest heaved up and down as she breathed, her mouth wide open. Trisha watched as her friend stretched herself against the wall, arching her back as she pushed out her hips, her legs straining under her short miniskirt. Even on her tip-toes, Mandy was barely as tall as Dan's shoulder, and now the petite cheerleader swung her head up and desperately shouted out: "I'm a nasty slut!!" 

 Her voice echoed through the locker room, high and eager and desperate. Dan chuckled as he stared down at the eighteen-year-old. He leaned forward slightly, close enough to feel her soft pants and whimpers. "And what does a nasty slut want, Mandy?" 

 "I…oh…oh my gosh…I…" 

 "Yes? What do you want, you dirty whore?" To emphasize his question, the lifeguard shoved his fingers up and deep, plunging them into Mandy's soft twat, and the blonde's eyes burst open as she bucked wildly against him. 

 "Ahhhh!" she cried out, twitching in pleasure, relishing the feeling of his fingers stuffed to the knuckle inside of her. Her cheeks were flushed as she threw her shoulders back, her slim chest heaving as she panted in lust. 

 "I…I want….y-you…." Mandy whimpered out, her body shuddering with desire. The little blonde was wild with lust, but she still couldn't seem to get the words out. Trisha watched, still peeking around the corner. She can't bring herself to say it. 

 "What part of me do you want, Mandy? Be more specific, little slut," Dan replied, his voice taunting, his fingers still sliding deep into the blonde's quivering body. Both of Mandy's legs were shaking, straining with the effort of sliding up and down against the wall, and spreading her legs for him. 

 "Oh…ooh…I-I…" 

 "Tell me now, you nasty bitch. Tell me!" The lifeguard's command rang out in the locker room, and now he suddenly slid his fingers out of Mandy's pussy altogether, lowering his hand. His fingers were soaked with her juices, and the blonde's eyes widened as she gasped out loud. 

 "Noo…" she whispered, and Trisha watched as Mandy desperately wrapped one hand around Dan's wrist, trying helplessly to tug his hand back between her hips, to shove his fingers back in her sopping cunt. But of course, the petite cheerleader couldn't even budge his arm; her tiny fingers barely fit around his wrist. The lifeguard laughed as he stared down at the fidgeting, squirming blonde, pressed against the wall, her big blue eyes pleading up at him in desperate lust. 

 "Tell me," he repeated one more time. "What do you want?" 

 Mandy opened her mouth, and her dimpled cheeks began to move, but no words came out. For a long second, she stared up at Dan in silence, still squirming in lust, her hand still wrapped around his wrist, trying to pull his fingers back towards her twat to no avail. The shy blonde still couldn't answer him, but at last Trisha barely caught a soft whisper drift out of her friend's heaving chest. 

 "What was that?" Dan said, grinning as he pretended to lean down. "I can't hear you." 

 "Y-your…c-cock…" Mandy finally stammered out, her face a mix of shame and desperate lust. "Please…I w-want your…your cock…" 

 Dan stood up then, his face triumphant, staring down at the pleading blonde. His expression was darkening now, his eyes turning hungry. Trisha had been ravished by the lifeguard enough times to know exactly what that expression meant, and the brunette felt lust pulsing in her own body just at the sight of it. She felt her hand slide deeper between her thighs, drawn to her own aching twat. 

 Dan was staring down at Mandy, not even tall enough to reach his shoulder, straining on her tip-toes with one leg pressed to her chest, stretching open her pleated skirt and showing off her dripping twat. Her soft, sweet face was blazing up at him as she begged for his cock, and he was ready to give it to her. 

 "Unzip me," he commanded, his voice much deeper now. 

 The blonde hurried to obey, both hands lunging for his fly, her big blue eyes staring hungrily as she yanked down his fly, tearing Dan's jeans down his legs. In a matter of seconds the lifeguard's pants were around his ankles, and his hard cock was out in the open, rock-hard and throbbing, at full attention. Trisha felt her knees wobble and her pussy grow wet as she caught the sight of Dan's thick, hard rod. It was only a few feet away from her, and it took almost all her willpower to keep herself from leaping out from behind the wall and pouncing on his shaft herself. Ohh…he's such a great fuck…it's not fair! 

 Mandy was staring at Dan's rod too, her mouth slightly parted as she feasted on the sight of it, looking so eager that Trisha half-expected her to be drooling. The dainty blonde's legs were still stretched in the air, and now the lifeguard took a step closer, pinning the little cheerleader against the wall. He reached up and wrapped one hand around the leg Mandy had pressed up to her chest, closing around her ankle. Trisha watched in shock as Dan now straightened Mandy's leg, her knee still pressed to her chest and her foot now dangling next to her face. The cheerleader was so flexible that her dainty legs were now almost forming a vertical line &ndash; one straining on her toes, the other one rigid and stretched up in the air, held up by Dan as he slid forward. 

 Mandy gasped as she felt him yank her leg upwards, her mouth open, squirming slightly as he spread her open. But her eyes stayed fixed on his cock, and now the blonde was almost panting as she stared at it, so hypnotized by the sight of it that she submitted to him pushing her leg up like a rag doll. The lifeguard grinned as he looked down at Mandy, standing and pressed against the wall, still in her cheerleading uniform, her pussy sopping wet and ready for him. The dainty blonde's leg was stretched so high that her shoelaces were dangling above her face, but the lifeguard was much taller, and his shoulder was level with Mandy's foot. Now he scooted forward, positioning himself so that his shoulder pushed up against her ankle, pinning it, forcing her to keep her leg straight and stretched upwards in the air. At the same time he gently bent his knees, lowering his hips to a level that he could slowly aim his cock between Mandy's spread, trembling hips. 

 Suddenly, Mandy's high-pitched voice burst out, breaking the silence. "Please, Dan!" she yelped out. She couldn't take it anymore. "Oh gosh…oh please!!" 

 Dan let out a fierce growl, and the lifeguard bucked forwards, sending his cock powering up into Mandy's twat. The blonde's entire face exploded, her mouth popping open with a gasp as she felt him pierce into her, stretching her teenage canal with his thick shaft. 

 "Ahhh!!" the cheerleader cried out, and her spread legs twitched as she bucked back against him, pushing against the wall, engulfing his shaft with her twat. She wrapped both hands around his waist, her fingernails digging into his skin, pulling him deeper into her shuddering cunt. At the same time the blonde leaned her head back, resting it against the wall, her mouth wide open as she gasped out in lust. 

 "Uhh!" Dan grunted too, his face dark and hungry, his cock throbbing as it sank into Mandy's pussy. He was bent slightly to bring his hips to the level of the petite cheerleader's twat, and now he pumped forward and up, driving hard between the young blonde's thighs, groaning as he felt her tight, tender cunt wrap around his shaft as he stretched her. He stared down at the whimpering blonde as he rammed her, watching her big blue eyes widen with pleasure, watching her pant and gasp as she trembled. Her raised foot was bouncing next to her cheek, swaying back and forth with each thrust by Dan, her leg rocking and her pleated miniskirt flopping as the motion stretched her hips wide. Balanced precariously on one foot, Mandy wrapped both arms tight around Dan's waist, holding desperately onto him for balance as he pounded into her, wobbling back and forth, pinned between his flushed, powerful body and the cold cement wall as she whimpered and quivered. 

 Trisha's jaw was wide open, lost in a daze as she watched her friend get ravished. Dan was roughly violating her, slamming her against the wall, forcing her to stand on her tippy-toes and stretch one foot as high as her head as she took his cock, each hard thrust not only stretching the cheerleader's tight cunt but also her slender legs. Mandy looked even more dainty and little next to Dan, her bobbing blonde hair only at the level of his shoulder, her tiny hips wriggling and rocking as she took his massive shaft. But the teenager was wailing and crying out in frenzied pleasure, her shy caution thrown to the wind, lost to the feeling of being stuffed and pumped by the lifeguard. 

 "Ohh! Ooh! Yes, Dan, yes! Ohhh YES!" 

 Trisha shuddered as she listened to Mandy's wild squeals, and the brunette realized her fingers had now found their way under her panties as well, trailing downwards. Her body was throbbing with desire, and her pussy was aching for attention. She couldn't help it; she wanted to be fucked by Dan herself, and now watching Mandy receive her harsh treatment was making her quiver with envious lust. Gently, biting down on her lip to stay quiet, she pushed her fingers deeper into her panties, and jolted in pleasure as they finally reached her tender, wet mound. 

 "Uh…yeah, Mandy…uh!...you dirty whore!" Dan was growling back, his breathing harsh and fast as he bucked into the dainty blonde. His hands clamped down on her ass, holding her steady as he ravished her, burying his cock to the hilt in her soft pussy. He was powering up into her so hard that Mandy was now bouncing slightly on her tip-toes, the power of his thrusts strong enough to send her up into the air. With another hard groan, the lifeguard slammed extra-hard into the young cheerleader, and she gasped and cried out loud; Dan was fucking her so hard that for a moment, she felt her foot leave the ground as his hips lifted her upwards. 

 "Ahhh!" Mandy yelped as Dan filled her, her slim arms still wrapped tight around his waist, her legs still in the vertical splits as she took his shaft, half-bouncing and half-hopping on her one foot as Dan ferociously bucked into her twat. The cheerleader's face was so flushed and sweaty that her short blonde hair was sticking to her dimpled cheeks, framing her wild, eager blue eyes as she rocked and wriggled against the lifeguard's thick cock. 

 Trisha felt her lust growing as she watched, and she dug her fingers further into her own soft pussy, trembling to contain the pleasure that flashed throughout her body. Her hand was buried to the wrist now beneath her cheerleading skirt as she peeked around the locker bay, fixated on the sight of Dan ravishing her friend. Gently she kneaded into her cunt, trying to sate her carnal desire, shuddering as she worked to keep in her own whimpers of pleasure. Oh my god…he's working her little body so hard! He's violating her, he's punishing her! Mandy won't be able to walk in the morning! 

 "Ahhh!!! YESSS!!" Mandy burst out with a wild scream, her body flailing against the wall as she took Dan's shaft. The lifeguard's hips were a blur, they were moving so fast, slamming the blonde's twat. Her shoelaces were whipping across her ankle as her legs twitched and trembled, inches from her flushed cheek, stretched so high that one foot reached above her head while the other was barely touching the ground. Trisha watched now as her friend's eyes suddenly clamped shut, her face twitching, her body shuddering and rocking against Dan's. The blonde seemed to have collapsed against the lifeguard's massive frame, sagging now in response to his ferocious assault on her pussy. Suddenly, Trisha realized that Mandy was already cumming; she had just orgasmed on Dan's cock as it drove deep and hard into the blonde's cunt. 

 It's not fair!Trisha felt her fingers push harder against her own eager twat, desperately lusting for the climax she saw on her friend's face. The perky brunette's entire body was trembling in desire now, even as she carefully hid herself behind the lockers, her knees growing weak, her arm stiff as she drove her hand deep into her panties, rubbing frantically at her dripping pussy. 

 It should be me, cumming on Dan's cock…it should be his hard shaft inside of me instead of just my fingers! Ohhh God!Trisha's pleasure was filling up her entire chest, threatening to burst out of her quivering frame. Her lips were clamped shut, shaking with the effort of keeping in her desperate moans of pleasure, of staying silent even while she wanted to cry out loud in desire. But she couldn't keep her eyes of the sight of Mandy, her legs split in the air, her dainty frame pinned against a cold wall, still in her skimpy cheerleading uniform as Dan roughly pounded her, as he thrust his cock up into her so hard that he was nearly lifting her tight body off the ground. Ohhh!Trisha's lust suddenly surged forth, and before she knew it her lips had popped open and a moan had escaped. 

 "Oh…ohhh!" 

 In the next instant, Trisha gasped and clamped her mouth shut, her eyes wide in horror at what she had just done. Dan and Mandy both froze, and the dainty blonde opened her eyes. "What was that???" she asked in a terrified whisper. 

 Quickly Trisha slipped back behind the corner, leaning against the wall out of their sight, still horrified by her slip. But she couldn't help it &ndash; her body was fierce and hot with lust, her pussy crying out for attention, for the same treatment that Dan was roughly giving to Mandy. Her hand was still buried under her cheerleading skirt, tweaking her tender mound. 

 "Forget it," Dan responded, his breathing harsh, and a second later Trisha heard Mandy's high-pitched yelps again; the lifeguard had resumed pounding into the blonde's twat. Ohh…it's not FAIR!! 

 Trisha rushed out of the locker room, as quiet as she could be, her heart thumping in her chest, drowning out all other sounds. As soon as she was safely away from the locker room, the petite cheerleader broke into a sprint. 

 *** 

 Trisha raced out of the gym and into the parking lot, her sneakers pounding on the pavement, her long brown hair flopping across her dainty shoulders. Her miniskirt flopped up against her butt as she sprinted, the pleats showing off her own thong as they bounced. The petite brunette's perky chest bounced and strained against her cheerleading blouse. All Trisha wanted was to get in her car and get home. 

 She spotted her car in the parking lot and quickly jumped in, throwing her backpack into the back, slamming the door shut, panting and huffing. For a long minute she just stared angrily out into the empty parking lot, her face growing hot with anger and envy, unable to think about anything but the image of Dan, shoving Mandy against the wall, stretching one leg over the blonde's head, plunging his cock so hard into the dainty girl that he almost raised her off the ground, that she came almost instantly on his shaft. 

 Mandy…I…I can't believe she did that! She lied to me! They both did! I'm the only reason Dan and Mandy even met…and now they're going behind my back! They betrayed me!Trisha's entire body was hot now with anger, and she suddenly had to open her window, gulping in fresh air, desperately trying to push out her jealous thoughts. 

 And still, even as the cheerleader fumed and seethed in her car, her little body was flushed with lust and desire. Trisha couldn't deny it any longer; she was jealous of Mandy. She had trembled with envy as she watched her friend take Dan's massive, thick shaft in her cunt, burning with desire as she saw Dan take pleasure in violating the sweet little blonde. The lifeguard had been so rough with her, pressing Mandy against the wall, forcing the dainty cheerleader to stretch and strain on her tip-toes as he pumped her cunt. Now Trisha's own pussy was aching and swollen with lust. The petite brunette had stared at Dan's hard, stiff cock for so long that her twat felt incredibly empty &ndash; she needed to be filled. 

 They both lied to me…both of them! They just wanted to fuck in the locker room by themselves. Mandy finally discovered how much she loved being a slut…and Dan decided he liked violating her more than me. 

 Trisha squirmed with anger. Ohh…and he really was violating her!She could still see so clearly the way his hips drove up and into Mandy's tight body, powering his cock into her twat so hard that it sent the dainty blonde slamming against the wall. Every time she pictured it, Trisha's insides boiled with envy, but she couldn't help it; the perky brunette was desperately horny, and Dan's hard cock was all that she could think about. He was pumping Mandy hard, filling her little cunt up with his meat…he was ravishing her! 

 Still breathing hard, Trisha felt both hands sneaking down her petite body, running over her curvy chest, past her skimpy cheerleading blouse and across her uncovered, smooth stomach. One hand tightened around the pleats of her miniskirt, gently raising them up, scrunching them over her hips, and the other one slid further down, between her hips, eagerly moving towards her wet, soft pussy. It's not fair…oh God…his cock inside of me would feel so good right now…stuffing me…stretching me…plunging into me! 

 She couldn't wait anymore. Trisha let out a soft gasp as her fingers found her aching cunt, and she spread her pussy lips and gently slipped one finger in, her hips gently shuddering as she did it. It felt so good inside of her &ndash; something hard and stiff in her tender twat…but it wasn't enough. It's nothing compared to what Mandy was taking…Dan wasn't holding back!The cheerleader was too impatient, and in the next second she had added a second finger, desperately giving in to her pussy's demands, trying to fill up her achingly empty canal. And he wouldn't hold back with me either…he would pump and pound and violate me! He'd take my little cunt and work it hard! Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 18 ****** byHiddenDevil_© The cheerleader's window was still wide open as she fingered herself. Anybody walking through the parking lot had a full view of Trisha as she masturbated; a petite brunette, barely five feet tall. But she didn't even care. All she could think about was Dan's hard shaft, ravishing her hard, slamming and pumping her little body. Trisha slunk further down in the car seat now, scooting her hips outward as she raised both of her slim legs in the air. She carefully planted each sneaker on the steering wheel, steadying her legs as she spread them, giving her better access to her soaking, aching pussy. Her two fingers were sliding in and out of her twat with quick, hard motions, plunging between the soft lips to the knuckles, sending jolts and shivers of lust up the cheerleader's spine. With her hips up and out, she could now pump down into her cunt with new force, and now Trisha let out a soft yelp of pleasure as she drove her fingers deep in her twat, pressing hard against the steering wheel with both feet, her shoelaces dangling around her ankles. 

 He could fuck me just like this…right in my car, with me pressed into the seat as he slammed his cock into me…he'd roughly hold me down and punish me…Trisha's mind whirled with eager lust as she imagined the scene, each thought sending her fingers skimming back into her twat. He'd force my legs open, he'd make me spread myself for him! Even if I begged him to stop he wouldn't even listen! 

 "Oh…oh…" The cheerleader had slunk so far down in the car seat that her hips were now hanging halfway off the end, the pleats of her miniskirt dangling over the edge, flopping back and forth as she eagerly rocked against her hand, savoring the feeling of her fingers in her swollen, tender cunt. And when he's finished with me, he'd pull out and shove his cock in my mouth, without even asking! 

 "Yes….yes!" Trisha's whimpers were a little louder now, drifting out of the open car window and across the parking lot. The petite brunette's eyes were still closed as she gave in to her lust, her pussy sopping wet with lust, her perky chest heaving as she panted, lost in her desires.Unconsciously, the cheerleader parted her plump lips now, slightly extending her tongue, imagining the feeling of the lifeguard's shaft spearing into her mouth. Ohhh…the taste of his cum in my mouth…his cock spurting between my lips...depositing his load for me to gulp down!A rush of lust wracked her petite figure as she whimpered and squirmed, pumping her own cunt again and again with her fingers, bucking hard against the seat and the steering wheel as she strained against her hand. She added a third finger, feeling it stretch her even more, stuffing it inside of her along with her other two. 

 "Ahhh!" Trisha wailed out loud, and the cheerleader thrashed extra hard against the seat. She twisted her little body back and forth, her lust bursting out of her body, so hard that each foot slipped off its perch on the steering wheel. Now the cheerleader was straddling the wheel, her sneakers planted on the dashboard on either side, spreading her slim legs to plunge her fingers deeper into her twat. 

 But just then, the petite brunette heard a noise in the parking lot. Her fingers were still buried in her twat, but Trisha turned to look, and gasped. There was one distant figure in the empty lot, far enough away that the cheerleader couldn't quite make out who it was. All she could see was that they were dressed entirely in grey, and seemed to be walking slowly towards her, as if in a daze. It looked like a man, tall and black, slowly coming into focus as Trisha squinted. 

 Oh!Suddenly, the cheerleader recognized him. It was Mr. Jackson, the school janitor, still dressed in his dark gray jumpsuit, his nametag sewn onto his chest. Trisha hadn't recognized him because she had never really bothered to look at him before; he was always passing by students in the halls, steering clear of the loud, chatty kids, or mopping in the back of a classroom when they came in, quietly going about his business. This was the first time she had really seen him, tall and skinny, middle-aged and slightly balding, his hair starting to turn grey. He was still shuffling towards her slowly, and now the cheerleader could see that his eyes and mouth were wide open. 

 Mr. Jackson was gaping at the sight of her. The perky cheerleader was stretched out in her car seat with the window completely down, still in her skimpy uniform, moaning out loud into the parking lot. Mr. Jackson was now only a few yards away from Trisha's car door, and he finally stopped. 

 Trisha felt so brazen and shameless, fingering herself right outside of school, not even able to wait until she got home, until she changed out of her cheerleading uniform. And now Mr. Jackson, the quiet old janitor, had caught her. He was standing next to her car, staring right at her. Trisha knew what she was supposed to do. She was supposed to stop now, to quickly compose herself and apologize for creating such a graphic scene in public, like a good girl. Or she was supposed to hang her head in humiliation and roll up her window, quickly driving away without another word. Or maybe she was even supposed to turn the tables and yell at him, telling him he was a pervert for watching her instead of just turning the other way. 

 But Trisha didn't do any of those things. Instead, as the cheerleader stared right at Mr. Jackson's face, she felt her fingers suddenly begin to slide back and forth in her twat, again plunging into her sopping mound. Involuntarily, the brunette's eyes widened and she let out a gasp, her body tensing in surprise at the feeling of pleasure rushing through her slim, hoisted legs. 

 Wh…what am I doing?? I'm…still horny??Trisha looked down between her legs now, at her soaked fingers still gently pumping her cunt. She could see the pleats of her cheerleading miniskirt flipped up over her waist, her slim hips dangling halfway off the carseat. Her pussy lips were red and tender, swelling and stretching slightly each time her three fingers slid into her, accommodating them. Her juices were glistening on her knuckles and her palm, dripping down her cunt, staining the cushion below her. As she watched, she felt her hips gently pumping up against her hand, of their own accord, eagerly accepting the pleasure of fucking her own twat. God…how slutty of me! I'm still dripping wet…Mr. Jackson caught me masturbating and all I do is stuff my fingers back into my pussy! 

 And Trisha couldn't deny the lust that was still coursing through her body, still making her rock slightly against her hand as she felt the pulses of pleasure radiate from her squirming hips across her petite frame. She had been forced to watch Mandy and Dan fuck in the boys' locker room, frustrated and envious, and now her body refused to stop &ndash; she was wild with lust and she wouldn't let go until she got her release. Part of Trisha knew that she shouldn't be doing this; the same part that told her she shouldn't peek at Mandy and Dan even after she knew what they were doing. But something else was spurring her on; something else inside of her was driving her fingers back into her pussy, over and over, filling the cheerleader's squirming body with hot lust. Some other part of her wanted more, and was filling her head with eager, naughty thoughts. 

 Trisha looked up then, back at Mr. Jackson. It hadn't seemed possible before that his mouth could get any wider, but now it was, forming a perfect O as he stared at the little girl in front of him. Standing awkwardly in the parking lot, he looked so out of place; a mild-mannered man in the middle of a pornographic scene. Trisha instantly recognized the look in his eyes &ndash; shock starting to turn into lust, his mind still too amazed to even register that his body was responding to the sight of the young, whimpering cheerleader. He'd fuck me in a heartbeat…Trisha thought. I'm sitting in my car, alone, desperately masturbating to the thought of Dan…and here's another hard cock, right in front of me! 

 Now her eyes drifted downwards, taking in the janitor's tall, lanky body, slightly slouched, dressed in his loose ,baggy uniform. The form of his body was barely visible in the baggy material…until Trisha's eyes reached his hips. The cheerleader saw an unmistakable bulge rising up, pushing out against the slack cloth, big enough to protrude out from the rest of his uniform. He's turned on…he can't resist the nasty cheerleader masturbating right in front of him.Trisha feasted on the sight of his growing hard-on, watching the material tent outwards. If she peered close enough, she thought she could even see it throbbing, the material sliding back and forth slightly in rhythmic pulses. Now, the petite brunette imagined what was hiding under it; she imagined the hard, thick shaft that was hot just at the sight of her, the blood pulsing in his meat. He was still too amazed to even react, but his natural instinct was taking over his body, and his cock was ready to ravish the young girl in front of him. 

 Trisha's body was flooded with carnal desire, flushed and desperate and eager. Her mind was still fresh with the memory of Dan and Mandy, but now another thought was coming to her. I don't need Dan to be made into a slut…I can be nasty and dirty with anyone, can't I? Even Mr. Jackson, the quiet old janitor.Trisha found herself staring at him, her eyes widening with interest. Even now, he couldn't find anything to say. He'd be the last person anyone would expect to be with one of the high school students…I mean, half of us probably don't even know who he is.She grinned to herself. He'd never get any action…unless it was with the sluttiest, nastiest girl in school… 

 And suddenly, without even thinking, Trisha felt herself raise one arm out the window and beckon him forward with one finger, without saying a word. She was still panting and squirming on her seat, but her eyes were focused on his. Before she even realized what she was doing, the janitor had obeyed, walking straight towards her, almost as if her beckoning finger was pulling him on a string. 

 I can be a whore with anyone I want!Trisha thought defiantly, her grin still spread across her face.I bet Mr. Jackson has a wife and kids…I bet he's such a good, faithful husband!She glanced at his fingers now &ndash; sure enough, there was a gold band around his ring finger. I bet he's never even fantasized about another woman besides his wife…let alone an eighteen-year-old cheerleader! 

 The cheerleader reached out the car window, resting her elbow on her door, and with trembling fingers she gently began to carress his hard-on through the uniform. Mr. Jackson let out a gasp, and his body jolted upwards as if he had just been electrocuted. I bet he's such an upstanding man…he'd never think of fooling around with a high school student. Not until now! 

 Trisha craned her neck upwards to stare at him, towering over her as he stood next to her car. Mr. Jackson was bending slightly, so that he was low enough to peer into her window. He couldn't stop staring down at the petite cheerleader, her legs still thrown up over her dashboard, her miniskirt still hitched up over her waist as she continued to drive her fingers into her sopping, swollen cunt. 

 "Ohhh…" Trisha wailed out then, watching him watch her as she pumped her pussy with three fingers. The two of them still hadn't said a word to each other, and now the janitor was still silent as she slowly began to unzip his fly, never for a second taking his eyes off the petite girl in front of him, watching her rock back and forth on her seat, in rhythm with her finger-fucking. Trisha's big brown eyes fixated on the slit in his pants, and they widened slightly as slowly, gently, Mr. Jackson pulled his cock out, a fat, long rod that was pulsing in the warm afternoon air. His face was still slack with shock, and Trisha wondered if he even realized what he was doing as he wrapped one hand around the long shaft and began to stroke himself. 

 For a moment the two of them stayed frozen in their positions; the old janitor, standing outside Trisha's car, jacking off while he stared down at her soft, dripping twat; and the petite cheerleader sprawled in her cat seat, pumping her fingers into her cunt while she feasted on the sight of Mr. Jackson's meat. Her body was radiating with lust as she stared at his rod, rocking up and down in his hand as he masturbated. He's jerking himself off to the sight of me…he's enjoying the show so much he wants to cum! 

 The cheerleader squirmed and bucked hard in her seat, her legs shuddering as she plunged her fingers extra deep in her pussy, burying them hard and fast, and she yelped softly as the feeling of being filled, trembling with carnal pleasure. She couldn't keep her eyes off Mr. Jackson's cock. 

 "Ooh…ah!" Trisha whimpered. Now, her eyes moved up to the janitor's face, and she saw that his eyes had turned lustful and hungry. He wasn't just staring at Trisha now; his eyes were fixed right on the cheerleader's tender twat, watching her fingers disappear into the soft folds, watching her pussy lips gently stretch to take them. Ohh…he's the quiet, good-natured janitor…but even he can't resist me! I'm a nasty slut, and I've got him transfixed! I could make him cum! I could even do it right now…in the parking lot…in broad daylight… 

 Trisha sat up straight, keeping her legs spread across the dashboard but leaning forward. Before Mr. Jackson could even react, the cheerleader was eagerly poking her head out the window, opening her lips, straining towards his thick cock. Trisha's body was pulsing with a hungry lust, wild and shameless, and suddenly the only thing the young brunette could think about was gulping down the janitor's cock as fast as she could. In the next second she had slid the tip of Mr. Jackson's meat into her warm, soft mouth, closing her lips around his hot shaft. 

 The janitor's entire body spasmed in shock, his limbs tensing and his eyes widening. Frozen in amazement, he could only stare down as he watched Trisha thrust herself even further forward, gulping more of his meat into her eager lips. The cheerleader let out a soft, satisfied moan as she felt his hot shaft between her lips, and at the same moment she slid her fingers deep into her cunt, filling both her mouth and her pussy at the same time. Her entire body was flushed and warm now, as if she had been waiting the entire afternoon to slurp down Mr. Jackson's meat. Gently she slid her tongue out, lapping at the underside of his shaft as she began to suck him, bobbing his meat in and out of her plump lips. 

 "Ohhhh…" 

 Mr. Jackson let out a deep, low groan at the feeling of Trisha's mouth on his cock. It was the first sound he had made, and Trisha answered with an eager moan of her own, delighted to finally hear his pleasure. She responded by swallowing him even deeper in her mouth, leaning as far as she could out the window, pressing herself against the car door as she hungrily stretched forward to slurp him down. 

 "Uhh…" Again Mr. Jackson groaned, and involuntarily he shuddered forward, sliding his meat deeper into Trisha's mouth, filling the little cheerleader completely with his thick rod, stuffing her cheeks as she slurped and moaned. Trisha stretched her mouth as wide as she could, eagerly accepting him as he shoved forward, powering his cock between her puckered cheeks, gliding across her soft tongue. She sucked thirstily on his shaft, straining as she leaned out the window, coating him with a thick sheet of her warm slobber. At the same time she reached up and wrapped one hand around the base of his shaft, steadying him, making it easier to glide him into her lips. 

 Even as she pumped him into her mouth, Trisha was still half-slouched in her seat, with her legs spread over the dashboard, her sneakers clearly visible in the windshield. Now, as the cheerleader relished the feeling of a hard, hot cock piercing between her lips, a furious burst of lust sent her fingers driving back into her pussy. 

 "Mmmm!" Trisha let out a muffled groan as pleasure seared through her, loving the feeling of stuffing both her pussy and her mouth at the same time. Each thrust of Mr. Jackson's cock made Trisha shudder with naughty pleasure, made her dig her fingers hard and fast into her tender twat. And each finger-fuck made her whimper out loud and strain even further, slurping hungrily at the janitor's rod. 

 "Ohhh yeah…" Mr. Jackson groaned. Trisha felt his two hands sliding up each side of her neck, running through her silky brown hair, up past her puckered, rosy-red cheeks. His fingers tightened then, pulling back her hair as she slurped, gripping her head firmly as he guided her up and down on his rod, gently pulling her to and fro, encouraging her to gulp down as much of his shaft as she could. 

 Oooh…yes!The mild-mannered janitor was finally getting into it, yanking the cheerleader's face back and forth even as he rocked his hips into her, the dual motion sending his cock plowing into her lips. Trisha delighted in the feeling, and she happily submitted to him, letting him stuff her eager mouth with his dick. The brunette looked up then, and she felt a thrill as she saw that a new expression was taking over his face, the same expression she had seen on Dan's face earlier today &ndash; sex-crazed and hungry, overwhelmed by a carnal desire, by a need to take the young, tight body in front of him. 

 Drool began to spill out of the cheerleader's lips as Mr. Jackson slowly began to speed up, losing himself in the feeling of Trisha's mouth wrapped around his shaft, hungrily wanting to stuff himself deeper and deeper down the moaning brunette's throat. 

 Trisha's fingers were still powering into her aching twat, but each thrust only made her want more. Each time she slurped down Mr. Jackson's shaft, it only made her hungry for more cock. Her hand was pumping deep and firm into her cunt, in a steady rhythm, the cheerleader rocking back and forth as she fingered herself. Now, as she slobbered and moaned, Trisha replayed in her mind just how nasty the scene was. A young, petite cheerleader, with one hand wrapped around her high school janitor's cock and her other buried in her twat. Her tight blouse could barely contain her firm, ample chest as she gasped for breath between slurps and moans, and with the way she was leaning far out the window to suck Mr. Jackson, the top had ridden so far up her slender figure that almost all of her taut midriff was revealed. Her slim legs, completely revealed by her bunched-up miniskirt, wriggled back and forth on the dashboard as she squirmed in lust. It was so terribly slutty, servicing a man she had never even spoken to, gulping his cock down her throat without even saying hello first. 

 Mandy may be banging a lifeguard in a locker room….but I'm blowing the janitor at my own high school….in broad daylight! Forget Dan! I can get any cock I want &ndash; like Mr. Jackson's &ndash; without even saying a word to him! 

 Trisha was wild and frenzied with carnal desire, and now the cheerleader told herself that it wasn't Mr. Jackson in particular &ndash; she was so slutty that she would have shoved any man's cock into her mouth at this point. He just happened to be the first man that walked by…the first lucky guy to spot the horny slut, sitting in her car masturbating…waiting to service a stranger! Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 18 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Ohhh!!!" Trisha bucked fiercely upwards then, so hard that Mr. Jackson's cock slipped out of her mouth as her head shot upwards. Lust flooded her body, overwhelming her thoughts It made her want more, her limbs trembling with desire, her pussy still desperately needing something else even as it was stuffed full by three fingers. 

 She didn't think about it for another second. Trisha found herself straightening in the car seat, sliding her feet back off the dashboard. She was suddenly raising herself to her knees on the seat. Her carnal instincts had taken over, and now Trisha found herself eagerly submitting to them. Her hands flew to her hips, yanking her thong down to her mid-thighs, just far enough to reveal her tight butt and sopping pussy. In the same instant Trisha was turning on the seat so that she could bend over, planting her hands on the passenger seat cushion, her slim waist and supple chest hovering over the gear shift in the middle. Now, as Mr. Jackson peered into the open car window, he was staring right at Trisha's tight, firm ass. 

 I had to watch my best friend get ravished so roughly…if she's going to get fucked then so am I!Trisha scooted backwards on the seat, moving herself closer to the window, offering herself to Mr. Jackson. The perky brunette glanced over her shoulder, staring through the open window. The janitor's cock was still out and throbbing, dripping with the cheerleader's slobber as he stared down at the young body stretched out in front of him, her ass on display in the window, inches from his hips. The cheerleader was positioned on her hands and knees as she carefully raised her butt closer to the window, offering herself to him. 

 Mr. Jackson slid forward too, his hips almost pressed against Trisha's car door, unable to resist the sight of the little girl's twat. But as he leaned down to stare, he was glancing to the left and right. Concern flashed on his face as he looked over his shoulder and back. The quiet janitor was worried about being caught fooling around with a student, worried about being fired. He was worried about doing something so wrong, about being a dirty old man, violating a girl half his age. For a second, as she stared back at his worried face, Trisha actually thought he would refuse. 

 And suddenly, the cheerleader felt words gushing out of her mouth. "Please, Mr. Jackson…" she said, softly, begging for his meat. 

 The janitor jolted then, as if her voice had shocked him out of a trance. They were the first words that Trisha had spoken to him, and she repeated them again. "Please, Mr. Jackson…take me…" And to emphasize her point, now Trisha reached back and pulled up the hem of her miniskirt, giving him a full view of her firm ass, shamelessly offering her pussy for the taking, trying her very best to tempt him. 

 Once again the brunette saw Mr. Jackson's expression beginning to darken, his eyes staring lustfully into the car. As worried as he was, he just couldn't resist the cheerleader's petite body, clad only in a skin-hugging uniform, her slim legs and hips angling out under her skimpy miniskirt, her figure stretched out so that her tiny blouse reached only a couple inches past her perky tits, showing off her tight, slender frame. He can't resist the sight of my pussy being offered to him…wet and red and soft…just waiting for him to sink his hard prick into me! 

 Trisha could see the carnal, animalistic lust building in Mr. Jackson's eyes as he inched forward, his face lost in the sight of her tight pussy, his mind overwhelmed by the thought of easing his meat into her. She shuddered in pride and pleasure at the sight of him. She didn't need Dan &ndash; or Mr. Jackson, for that matter. All she needed and wanted was a hard cock to fill her, and any hard cock would do. I'm a dirty slut…and all I care about is getting fucked hard and rough! 

 At last, Trisha saw Mr. Jackson straighten, his head disappearing from her view out the window, his waist inching forward, his hands reaching into the car. He was giving in. With a whimper, Trisha quickly scooted backwards, moving her ass to meet his reaching fingers, wriggling slightly as she felt them blindly tighten around her smooth skin. 

 Now Mr. Jackson was standing straight, with his body pressed against the side of Trisha's car, his pants around his ankles, his hips positioned right in the frame of the open window. The perky brunette felt him pulling her backwards, and with an eager squeal she submitted to him, scooting her knees slightly back and raising her ass, ready for his cock to sink into her aching cunt. His hands slid further up her petite body, tightening around her lithe waist. At last, the cheerleader hungrily bucked backwards, and in an instant she felt his thick rod slide into her pussy. She felt his fingers twitch on her waist, and in the same moment he was thrusting forward, slamming into the car door, powering his cock into her twat. 

 "Oooooh…" she whimpered, burying his shaft inside of her, letting her tight pussy swallow his cock; a soft, wet sheath wrapped around his meat. As Trisha looked back, she could see his hips jamming hard into hers, and his hands reaching down, tight around her little body. She could hear him groaning in pleasure as he finally felt her soft cunt on his hot dick. But with his hips pressed tight against the car, she couldn't see his face, and he couldn't see her at all. The two of them were blindly fucking; her on her hands and knees in her car, him pressed up against the door so he could pound her cunt through the window. 

 "Yes!" she squealed, and she bucked back against him, arching her slim back as he ravished her twat. The janitor's cock felt so massive, plunging into her and filling her entire body, finally giving her what she had ached for all afternoon, hot and rock-hard inside her tender cunt. His thrusts were growing stronger and stronger, and with each pump Trisha rocked harder back against him as well, pushing her hips into his, eagerly powering his cock deep inside of her. 

 Ohhh!Trisha imagined Mr. Jackson's face, deep in pleasure as he stared out over the roof of her car. He couldn't even see her at all; to him she was just an anonymous pussy; just a teenage body to hold tight and plunge his stiff shaft into. And all she knew of him was his cock, plowing and drilling her tender pussy; and his hands, rough and hard around her little waist, rocking her back and forth as he pumped her. 

 The cheerleader was sliding and squirming back and forth across the car seats now, her slim body was rocking back and forth over her gear shift, each thrust sending her forward before she eagerly bucked back against him to bury his cock to the hilt in her pussy. As she scooted back against him, she pressed her sneakers flat against one car door, giving her leverage to thrust hard against his meat, putting her legs into pumping him. Trisha could feel his pleasure throbbing through his shaft each time he powered into her tight cunt, so hot that it made her own body radiate with lust, shaking and quivering as she bucked into him. Now Trisha turned back towards the other door, her long brown hair swaying as she rocked. That frame of his hips and his cock, the only thing she could see of him &ndash; it was perfect! 

 This is all a real slut needs!Trisha thought as she stared back, watching the hips grind into hers. A pair of hands to hold me down and a rock-hard cock to pound my cunt!And with that thought, she let out a wild, eager cry. 

 "Pound me, Mr. Jackson!" the cheerleader yelped at the window, her voice echoing through the car. "Pound me hard!" 

 She felt his fingers tighten around her ass as he jammed his hips hard into her, and she felt her car shake &ndash; the janitor was so eager that he was slamming his body into her car door. The motion sent his cock pistoning deep into her twat, so hard and strong that the cheerleader had to frantically grab the door handle in front of her to brace herself against the ferocious thrust. She wailed out even louder then before, her voice cracking and eager with lust. 

 "YESS! Oh YES, more! More!" 

 "Uhhh!" The janitor groaned harshly, his breathing labored as he worked the cheerleader's cunt, his fingers digging deep into her firm butt as he pumped her. Trisha's yelps were growing into screams now, and the young brunette was bucking back against Mr. Jackson's hips with wild vigor, begging him for more. 

 "YES, Mr. Jackson, YES!" she screamed, her voice echoing through the parking lot. "Pump that pussy! Take me!" She was rocking back and forth between the seats, jamming her hips into his, each time sending his cock plowing deep into her tight cunt. 

 Then she heard his voice outside the car, his breathing harsh and fast. "Oh yeah…God that's good…oh fuck that feels so fucking good…" He was mumbling and groaning in a distant tone, almost as if he was just talking to himself. And suddenly, Trisha realized that he probably was. He can't even see me…and he doesn't know who I am!The cheerleader moaned and whimpered as she pumped his shaft, her body flushed and full of lust. All he knows is that I'm a high school cheerleader…and right now all I am is a pussy to ravish! He doesn't know my name and he doesn't need to! I'm just a dirty slut, ready to fuck! 

 And with that, she opened her mouth and shouted out another request. "Call me 'Slut,' Mr. Jackson! Just call me slut!" 

 The response came sooner than she expected, and Mr. Jackson's voice grew low and fierce. "Uhhh…fuck yeah, you fucking slut! You cock-hungry whore!" And the janitor accompanied it with a vicious thrust, sending the cheerleader reeling forward with a squeal, barely catching herself from ramming head-first into the window in front of her. The young brunette was brazenly stretched out in the front of her car, her knees on one seat and her hands on the other, her sneakers pressed against one car door and her fingers wrapped around the handle of the other to brace herself as she frantically bucked into Mr. Jackson's cock. 

 "More!" Trisha cried out, begging shamelessly. "More, Mr. Jackson!" 

 "Yeah, slut! Take that cock! Take it like a good slut!" Mr. Jackson's grip was painfully tight around the cheerleader's butt, keeping her raised and in position for him as he worked her cunt. "Oh yeah…fuck your janitor's cock…fuck it, you dirty fucking whore!" 

 A wide grin spread across the cheerleader's flushed, red face as she rocked back and forth. It was so exhilarating to hear Mr. Jackson swear and yell at her, calling her a filthy slut, taunting her. This was the same man who silently cleaned up after all the students, never being noticed, who couldn't even find a word to say after he had found Trisha in the parking lot. He was so quiet and good-natured &ndash; but even he couldn't resist a nasty girl like Trisha. Even he can't pass up the chance to violate me…even he gets crazy and carnal at the feeling of my tight pussy!The cheerleader arched her back sharply, showing off her slender figure, as she shuddered and trembled with taking Mr. Jackson's meat, relishing the feeling of his hard pounding, of him abusing her young, dainty body. Her miniskirt flopped around her bucking hips. Her crop-top cheerleading blouse showed off her taut waist and strained to contain her bouncing tits as she thrust herself into him. He's now this rough, cunt-hungry man…and it's all because of me! He can't resist the chance to pound a dirty slut…a filthy, wanton, eighteen-year-old cheerleader! 

 "Ahhhh! Oh shit…oh, you little slut…oh fuck…fuck!!" Mr. Jackson was groaning wildly now, lost to the feeling of Trisha's tight, young pussy, plunging into her as fast and hard as he could. His cock swelled and throbbed inside the cheerleader, pumping and working her petite body, hot and thick in her tender twat. She could feel the entire car rocking back and forth with squeaks and clunks; each time the janitor thrust his shaft back into her pussy, she could hear the echo of his body slamming into the side of the car, rocking her back and forth with it, sending her skirt and her hair flopping. The cheerleader had to buck as hard as she could back against him just to keep herself from reeling forward, straining to take his wild, vicious thrusts into her cunt. 

 "Fuck you, you nasty bitch…oh fuck…you feel so good! Ah…ahhh!!" Mr. Jackson's meat felt like it was splitting Trisha in two now, it was so hard and deep, pulsing with his lust, and the cheerleader instantly knew that he was close to climaxing. And I'm going to take his cum, like a good little slut! I'll accept a stranger's load in my twat!Her flushed, ravished body throbbed with lust at the thought of it, and the cheerleader eagerly screamed out. 

 "YES! Oooh yes,Mr. Jackson! Slam that pussy! Give it to me hard, exactly &ndash; oh!&ndash; exactly like I deserve!" Trisha's screams echoed through the parking lot. She was too impatient to wait for his cum, and so now she eagerly thrust back against him, driving his meat into her cunt as she kept screaming. "Pound me like a good slut! Pound my teenage pussy!" 

 "Ahhh!" Mr. Jackson yelled out, feeling Trisha's hips slam back against his, taking the full length of his shaft, plunging him into her. "Ohhh SHIT! I'm gonna cum…" 

 "Yes!" Trisha yelped back, and she sped up her thrusts, eagerly milking his cock with her twat, thrusting as hard and fast as she could. "Cum in me! Cum in my pussy!" 

 "Ahhh! Oh..oh FUCK!" The janitor tightened his grip on the little cheerleader, steadying her butt even as she bucked furiously and wildly into him. Her pussy was so warm and soft, so tight and tender, sheathing his throbbing cock each time he plunged into her. He could hear her wild yelps and screams of pleasure, he could see the car rocking back and forth as she eagerly pumped her petite body against his hips. His entire body tensed as he ground into Trisha's sopping twat, ready to flood the young brunette with his seed. 

 "Oh please!"Trisha's cries gushed out of her heaving chest now; the cheerleader was bursting with impatience, begging and pleading and waiting on edge to feel his cock throb and spurt inside of her. "Please cum in me! Cum in your little whore, Mr. Jackson! Cum in your nasty slut!" She was putting her entire body into thrusting against the janitor, her hand and knees digging into the cushions as she braced herself, her slender legs rigid and pumping hard. I want his seed! I want his load! I want to be his filthy cum dump! Hurry!!! 

 "Ah….aggh!!!" Mr. Jackson let out a gurgle, his lust too heavy for words. And then, Trisha finally felt his cock spear balls-deep inside her cunt, stuffing the petite cheerleader full. He felt so swollen and rock-hard, plunged to the hilt in her soft pussy, and now Trisha gasped and shuddered with pleasure as he began to cum, his shaft throbbing and pulsing with each spurt, so powerful that she could feel his girth stretching her twat a little more with each jet of cum. 

 "Oooooh..." Trisha let out a long, satisfied moan as a wide smile spread across her face, the cheerleader quivering in pleasure as she finally got her reward. She could feel each spurt of cum flooding her twat, the warmth of Mr. Jackson's seed spreading through the petite girl's body, making her flush. The janitor's grip was vice-like around the young brunette's butt as he deposited his load in her twat. But Trisha kept grinding eagerly against his hips, relishing the feeling of his full length buried and throbbing inside of her, sending jolt after jolt of pleasure through her dripping pussy. 

 Yes! Ohh…finally!Yet another deposit for a dirty whore…Trisha's hand was still wrapped around the car door handle in front of her, and now the other one shot past her slender, trembling legs, dipping between her little hips, eagerly searching out the tiny, swollen nub of her clit. She found it with a shock of pleasure, and instantly her fingers pressed into it, filling her body with more pleasure just as Mr. Jackson was filling her with his jism. 

 The cheerleader was lost in her pleasure, closing her eyes, feeling nothing but the janitor's throbbing cock deep in her twat, her petite body shuddering and rocking with pleasure as she took his cum. It was such a filthy scene; a slim, five-foot girl, shamelessly shoving her ass up against an open car window, offering herself to a man standing outside, letting him reach in and slam her cunt while she whimpered and begged for more. One minute he's heading home…the next minute he's reaching into my car to pull my little body toward him and pound into me while I'm on my hands and knees!As she tweaked her clit, she imagined him pressed against the side of her car, plowing into her through the frame of the window, unable to see her, fucking her only by feel. Just using my pussy…just unloading his seed in me! 

 Suddenly, the janitor's voice burst through Trisha's thoughts: "Oh…you dirty slut..." He was winding down from his climax, and his voice was slow and caressing as he spoke "You're such a filthy whore…fuck yeah…" 

 Trisha's ears perked up as she listened, and her body tensed with lust as she drank in his every word. Ooh…he's right! Think about how many cocks have shot their seed into my little body…how many men have ravished my twat! Dan and his friends…teachers…students…and now my high school janitor! I am a filthy whore! I'll fuck anyone and everyone!!Trisha's hand was now blurry fast as she massaged her clit, and suddenly the cheerleader felt her heartbeat rising, her body growing hot with pleasure. Mr. Jackson's cock was still rock-hard and buried inside of her, his cum still warm and fresh in her pussy… 

 "Don't pull out yet!" Trisha gasped frantically, concentrating on her fingers around her clit. "Keep it inside of me!"The young cheerleader arched and stretched her body inside her car, tense and pulsing with lust, her sneakers still flat against one car door, holding onto the opposite door handle as she fingered herself. In response to her cry, Mr. Jackson's grip tightened once more on her tiny body, and now she felt his fingers sliding upwards, pushing her cheerleading blouse out of the way, yanking her bra down and roughly squeezing her perky tits. 

 "Ohhhh!" Trisha groaned. The petite brunette was still grinding against Mr. Jackson's cock as the janitor blindly groped and fondled her firm chest. She was thoroughly violated now; a cock balls-deep in her twat, her body being squeezed and grabbed like she was just a doll. Not a person…just a body to be fucked…stretched out in my cheerleading uniform…my thong around my thighs…my pussy stuffed full! I'll let any man who walks by my car come and fuck me…I won't even wait to get out! I'll just bend over and pull down my panties, in broad daylight! Just like a nasty, dirty… 

 "Fucking slut!" Mr. Jackson finished Trisha's thought for her, with a loud groan. 

 Trisha's eyes popped open and she gasped out loud as her body pulsed with lust. YES!!A wild, ragged scream gushed out of her heaving chest. 

 "AH….AHHHH!!" 

 The cheerleader wailed and quivered in her car, her twat spasming, her clit throbbing, her body thrashing and grinding furiously against Mr. Jackson's hips as she climaxed. Her knees were wobbling on her seat cushion, her arm tense as she kept her fingers wrapped around the nub of her clit, her supple chest heaving in the janitor's hands. Trisha couldn't even think anymore. She was overwhelmed with pleasure, the spasms of pleasure in her twat taking over the rest of her little body, and all she could do was tremble and buck, gasping for breath as she orgasmed. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 18 ****** byHiddenDevil_© Wave after wave of pleasure rushed through her. Her pussy convulsed on Mr. Jackson's cock, and the cheerleader never felt tighter; her entire body was stuffed full by his stiff rod. At last, Trisha felt her muscles relaxing, and suddenly the cheerleader collapsed on the seats, gasping for breath, relishing her pleasure. Ooh…I'm so nasty I'll cum on a complete stranger's cock! She was still on her knees with her butt in the air, but the cheerleader let her shoulders and head rest on the other seat, ass up and face down as she recovered from her climax. She was so preoccupied that she didn't even notice when Mr. Jackson gently slid out of her and leaned down to glance in the window at the panting, ravished cheerleader. Trisha's body was perfectly on display. Her firm butt was still positioned next to the open window, and now a tiny drop of cum was leaking out of her red, swollen cunt. Her slender legs and lithe waist were all revealed by her skimpy cheerleading uniform, her back sharply arched to show off her slim figure as she rested her head on the cushion. Her long brown hair spilled out across the seat, her perky tits pressed into the seat as she panted. 

 She only noticed he was staring at her when she heard him speak. 

 "Hey…what's…what's your name?" 

 The young brunette turned to look over her shoulder. The janitor was staring back at Trisha, a sheepish grin on his flushed, sweaty face. He looked embarrassed, as if he was ashamed of what he had just done. Trisha opened her mouth, about to respond to his question, but then, at the last second, she changed her mind. 

 "It doesn't matter what my name is" she replied. "I'm just a slut, Mr. Jackson. That's all you need to know." 

 Mr. Jackson was taken aback, unable to respond. For a second he just stayed where he was, staring at the half-clothed cheerleader, frozen in place. 

 Trisha grinned as she righted herself, gently slipping her body back into the driver's seat, arranging her miniskirt and pulling the little tank top as far down her body as it would go. She was about to start the car when she realized that her thong was still stretched around her thighs; with her pussy still full of Mr. Jackson's cum, she would probably leave a permanent stain on the seat. 

 Oh well!Trisha giggled to herself, then started the car. Mr. Jackson was still standing in the middle of the parking lot, unable to take his eyes off the young brunette, now sitting properly in her car. Anyone who saw her then would think she was just another eighteen-year-old, cute and sweet and innocent. With a wink and a wave at the janitor, the cheerleader shifted into drive and started home. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 19 ****** byHiddenDevil_© ***All characters are over 18*** 

 "I am so excited to graduate this weekend, Trish. I can't fucking wait!" 

 Britney was facing her locker, with her back to Trisha, her waist-long, blonde hair dangling down her bare back. The head cheerleader was sliding her long, slim legs into a pair of tight-fitting jeans, sliding them over the curves of her hips, up and over her thong. The two girls were the only ones left in the cheerleaders' locker room. Trisha was sitting on the bench behind Britney, still in her cheerleader's uniform, too lost in thought to change. 

 "Yeah..." the brunette said now, absentmindedly, staring down at her lap. "Me too..." Come on, Trisha! Just do it! Just say it! 

 "New things to do, new places to go...new guys to fuck!" Trisha looked up now to see Britney grinning down at her. The head cheerleader was as tall and gorgeous as a model, her sky-blue eyes glittering as she winked. The curly- haired blonde had a body that most girls only dreamed about; her legs gloriously long and slender, her hips curving into a smooth waist, her chest firm and plump and buxom. Britney had just slipped on a snug, low halter top, and now she was adjusting her tits, doing her best to fit each double-D handful into the too-small cups of her blouse. Britney towered over Trisha, especially since the petite brunette was sitting down in front of her. While Britney's figure was curvy and statuesque, Trisha's was pert and dainty; she was barely over five feet tall, her legs lithe and slim, her little hips slender and flared, her C-cup tits impressive but tight and perky. The brunette looked even sweeter and cuter than usual in her cheerleader's uniform, and now the zip-up blouse rose slightly on her slender frame as she took a deep breath, revealing a bit more of her taut tummy. 

 "Britney..." Trisha said, "I...um...I have to tell you something." 

 The head cheerleader's gym bag was plopped on the floor, and now Britney had bent over to rummage through it. From her seat, Trisha had a generous view of the blonde's tits, pushed together and straining against her halter top, already struggling to pop free. 

 "Yeah, what's up?" Britney asked the floor, still rummaging. 

 Trisha took another deep breath. She was absentmindedly picking at the pleats of her cheerleader's miniskirt, nervously fidgeting, unable to bring herself to keep talking. But...I have to! I do! Don't be scared...just be totally honest! 

 The petite brunette steeled herself. "I...I saw you with Dan, Britney." 

 The blonde suddenly froze, still bent over, her hands now deep in her bag but completely still. Slowly, stunned, Britney straightened, her eyes wide with confusion as she stared back down at Trisha. 

 Stumbling with her words now, Trisha hurried to continue. "I...um...it was...a few weeks ago. Remember when I came over to your house that one time and left my purse there? I came back to get it and everything, but then I got to your house and I saw you and Dan in the kitchen..and you...um..." The brunette quickly looked back down at her lap. She suddenly realized she was puffing for air; she must have forgotten to breathe while she was talking. But I have to finish! 

 "Trisha..." Britney said softly. "Look, I owe you an explanation – " 

 "Wait, Brit..." Trisha interrupted. "Before you say anything else, I...I have to tell you the rest of what happened." And so Trisha told Britney everything she had done afterwards. She explained how she had called Dan and eagerly showed up at his apartment that same night, displaying her little body in a tight black dress, offering herself not only to him but a group of strangers; how they had thrown her on the dining room table and pounded her together, spreading her dainty legs and plunging into her twat, ravishing the petite cheerleader one after another. 

 But that wasn't even the worst part. Trisha paused then, staring down at her lap, fiddling with the pleats of her cheerleader's miniskirt, draped across her thighs. I have to...I have to tell her everything!So Trisha went on, explaining how Mandy had asked to join in, how Trisha had brought her friend to Dan's, and the two girls were gang-banged in the same room. How the two eighteen-year-olds had willingly serviced another group of strangers, traded off cock after cock; each man using one girl's pussy until he was ready to cum, then depositing his load in the other's one's mouth, so that both Trisha and Mandy got to taste the other cheerleader's pussy juices over and over. And then, finally, Trisha told Britney about discovering Dan and Mandy in the locker room, and realizing that the lifeguard just enjoyed finding and corrupting the sweet, good little girls. He had already turned Trisha into a dirty slut, and so now he was moving on to Mandy, and he'd move on to another girl soon too. 

 "So...I...I can't let you apologize, Brit, because I did the same thing," Trisha explained. "And I'm telling you because, well...I don't know." Trisha paused again. That wasn't true. There were a million reasons. "I guess because...I miss being friends with you! And I hate lying to you, and I miss having fun with you, and I'm worried about Mandy and..." She was rambling now. "I just...I don't know how all this happened." She sighed. "I mean...why did you tell me you never talked to Dan anymore when you did?" 

 Britney shook her head. "No, I didn't. I hadn't talked to him even over a year." 

 Trisha blinked. "Huh?" 

 "That was the first time I'd seen him in over a year, Trisha. But I still had his number in my cell phone, and I called him right after you left, after you had told me that you had fucked him. And I regretted it the next day and haven't called him since." 

 Trisha stared up at Britney in surprise. A lock of her wavy brown hair had fallen over her eyes, but she didn't even notice it. "But...why?" 

 Britney sighed. She sat down on the bench next to Trisha; the tall, buxom blonde next to the petite, perky brunette. "Okay." She took a deep breath. "Do you remember a girl in the class above us named Brianna?" 

 Trisha paused for a moment, thinking. "I don't think so...why?" 

 "Really? All the guys couldn't get enough of her. She had short black hair and brown eyes and a great body...she was pretty short. She had this really sweet, adorable look to her, but once you got her out of her clothes, she was a fucking firecracker. I mean, she could blow your fucking eardrums out, the way she screamed when she came. Actually..." Britney paused and smiled. "She was a lot like you, Trish." 

 Trisha blushed a fierce red at Britney's comment, and she quickly looked back down at her skirt. "Um...so you two are friends?" 

 "Well...yeah. We were. For a while, we were best friends. Brianna was...well, basically, she was the class slut before I was. And I used to just shun her like all the other girls did, but then one day I got paired with her in History, and we got to talking, and she was one of the sweetest girls in school. She was so interesting, so smart...she wasn't like any of my other friends. And so...we started hanging out." 

 Britney was looking out across the room now, reminiscing with an amused smile on her face. 

 "God, Trish...I can't believe you don't remember last year. You would have laughed so hard...I had gotten my tits a few years ago, but I was so ashamed of them I would always wear these baggy sweatshirts and coats and stuff, just so all the guys wouldn't stare. But Brianna taught me not to be ashamed. She was always really crazy. I mean, the two of us were inseparable. She taught me how to deepthroat...she taught me how to show off my body...I tried out my first gangbang with her...oh, I found that adult bookstore with her! You know which one I'm talking about, right Trish?" 

 Trisha blushed deeper. Of course she remembered. 

 "And she was the one who taught me that you just have to learn to not care to be a real slut! You can't be worried about all this other shit about people looking down on you, or which boy you like the most, or if other people talk about you behind your back. I mean, it doesn't matter what other people think, just what you think, right? It's just about the sex, you know? But I never really thought about it until I met Brianna." 

 Trisha nodded. It was so hard to imagine Britney different than the way she was now; carefree and wild and brazen, happily flaunting her body, making every boy she passed drool for her with just one smoldering look. That earlier Britney reminded Trisha of herself a year ago, and now she tried to picture her friend the same way; a hardworking student, a good girl, timidly sticking to her group of girl friends, avoiding all the boys because she was too nervous around them. But she couldn't do it. I can't even imagine her like that...that's just not Britney! 

 "So for a long time, we were really good friends. We were the two school sluts." Britney smiled as she spoke. "But...well..." 

 The head cheerleader sighed, and crossed her arms under her impressive chest. "I don't even remember who met Dan first...I just remember the first time I caught Brianna lying to me. She was a sweet girl, but she was a terrible liar." The blonde sighed and shook her head. "Anyway, I don't know how it happened, but all of a sudden I was lying to her too. It was just like, if she's going to lie to me, then I'm going to fucking lie back to her, or something like that. I don't know. And if you can fuck him, then I can too, and stuff like that. But I mean...well, you know Dan, right Trish? The guy's a total asshole, but he can really fuck your brains out. He's just so damn good at punishing you so hard and rough..." 

 Trisha squirmed slightly on the bench, unable to look up at Britney. The petite brunette knew exactly what Britney was saying, and now the memories whirled past her in her mind, of each and every time that the lifeguard had pounded and pumped the little cheerleader's body. 

 "...and suddenly, it wasn't even about the sex anymore. It was just about getting back at Brianna. And I hated that, you know? I hated it so much. All that time Brianna and I talked about how much we loved being sluts, about how it was just about the sex and about fucking. We always talked about how we didn't care who he was, that we just liked being free to be as nasty as we wanted to. We were best friends. But then what happens? Some fucking guy gets in the way! I mean...how pathetic is that?" 

 Trisha nodded then, mostly to herself. It made so much sense to her, because she felt the exact same way. I hate that I've lied to my friends the way I have! And for what?She remembered now her rendezvous with Mr. Jackson last week, in the parking lot; he had just randomly spotted her in her car, and suddenly, a few minutes later, he was reaching through the window and pounding the little brunette as hard as he could, while she whimpered and begged for more. I can do that...I can grab any guy that passes by and rip his clothes off...so what's the big deal about Dan anyway? 

 She turned back to Britney. "So...what happened?" 

 Britney sighed and shook her head. Trisha suddenly realized that the blonde's cheeks were rosy red – the head cheerleader was blushing, ashamed of her story. "I...well...I guess that was it. Brianna and I kept lying to each other, and going behind each other's backs, acting like a pair of dumb, vindictive bitches...and suddenly we weren't friends anymore. She graduated, and that was that. And I decided that I wasn't going to let that happen again, and from then on I refused to let myself talk to Dan again. And that one day, Trish..." Britney paused. "I guess I just wanted to see if he was as good if I remembered. And you know what? He wasn't. So I'm done with him. No guy is worth losing a friend." 

 Trisha was silent, staring at Britney, watching the blonde shamefully look down at the floor as she recounted her story. Finally, she piped up. "Just like that, Brit?" 

 Britney turned to face Trisha. "Huh?" 

 "Well..." Trisha shrugged, and then offered a reassuring smile to her friend. "I dunno, Britney...it just doesn't seem like you to take something like that sitting down. Dan ruined your friendship with Brianna and you don't even do anything about it. I mean...don't you remember how you punished Principal Johnson for me? You were so awesome, Brit!" 

 The blonde burst out laughing, and Trisha laughed too, happy to see her friend grinning again. "Well..." Britney had a mischievous look on her face. "I did kind of have a plan to get back at him...but I needed Brianna. And by then she had already graduated." 

 "I'll do it with you!" Trisha had spoken before she even knew it, and for a second even she was shocked by her response. She didn't know why; she was just so happy to be talking with Britney like this again. It was back to normal; two girls being honest with each other, not hiding any secrets. 

 Britney grinned at Trisha, but she shook her head. "No way...it wouldn't have worked anyway." 

 "Come on, Britney!" Suddenly, the petite brunette found herself standing, staring intently at Britney. She knew now why she was so excited. Dan deserves punishment! All this time I've felt so helpless to him...unable to resist him, unable to say no. But now, Britney and I are working together!"We can't let him get away with all the stuff he's pulled, Britney. And anyway, when have you ever chickened out of something before?" 

 The blonde burst out laughing at Trisha's encouragement. She paused for a second, considering. Then she finally nodded. "Okay, Trish. I just can't say no to you. Let's do it." 

 Trisha nodded vigorously, her hair flopping against her cheeks, her miniskirt swishing as she bobbed up and down in front of her friend. Yes! 

 "But first, we gotta do something else." 

 "What's that?" 

 Britney was the one grinning now in excitement. "It's another plan that Brianna and I had for her graduation...but we never got to do it." 

 Trisha stopped nodding, and now she paused in hesitation. "Um...what is it?" 

 Britney grinned wickedly at her, a teasing look in her sparkling blue eyes. "Why, Trish...you were so eager just a second ago! Guess I'm not the only chicken, huh?" 

 Trisha gaped. "I...well...but..." Britney was giggling as Trisha stuttered, and finally the brunette had to laugh too. "Okay...fine! But what is it?" 

 "I'm not telling you yet. It's a surprise." Britney giggled at Trisha's look of shock in response. "Don't worry, don't worry, you'll enjoy it. But I'm not telling you until graduation." 

 Trisha paused. "Um....but I don't get it, Brit. Whatever it is, why do we have to do it first?" 

 Britney shrugged now, her blue eyes back to glittering, her grin back on her face. "Just...call it a rite of passage, Trish. A big fucking good-bye to high school." She leaned down now and picked up her gym bag. "You'll love it. I promise." 

 *** 

 "Okay, Trisha! We'll see you in a little bit!" 

 The cheerleader's mother smiled at Trisha as she got out of the car, the rest of her family waving. 

 "We're so proud of you!" 

 Trisha smiled back. "Thanks, mom!" 

 The car slowly drove off, and Trisha started towards the football field. Graduation was always outside on the field, and in late May that it meant it was uncomfortably hot. Most students dressed accordingly under their stifling graduation robes. Trisha had picked out a cute, short sundress; light pink with lacy shoulder straps and a hint of frills around the tight skirt, stopping halfway to her knees. Her entire family was going to be at graduation, so she made sure to pick something that wasn't too risqué; the dress dipped low enough to reveal only a hint of her firm chest, and while the dress hugged her tight enough to show off her dainty waist and slender curves, it wasn't so skimpy that she had to worry about anything. And anyway, I'll be wearing this black robe, anyway...Trisha stared down at the graduation gown bundled in her arms. But then, another thought came to her. My entire family's going to be here...what's Britney going to make me do? It's not going to be embarrassing, right? I mean...even Britney knows not to do that...she wouldn't humiliate me in front of my entire family! At least...I think she wouldn't... 

 Trisha still remembered how excited she was to scheme with Britney in the locker room last week, how eager she was just to be talking and giggling with the head cheerleader again. But now that it was really her graduation day – now that she was about to finish high school – she realized how nervous she was. And she remembered how crazy and bold Britney could be. What did she and Brianna plan to do?The petite brunette nervously bit her lip as she reached the gym and walked alongside it, her kitten heels click-clacking on the pavement. There was a sidewalk alongside the gym, across from the football field, where all the students were supposed to line up to get ready for the procession. Trisha recognized Mandy and a few other girls from the cheerleading squad, already in their robes, looking eager but anxious. They waved her over, and Trisha smiled and waved back. 

 "Hey, Trish!" Mandy grinned at the brunette. "Isn't this exciting? I'm so nervous..." 

 "Me too..." Trisha replied, hugging her friend. Mandy and Trisha were almost the same height, barely five feet tall, and just over her friend's shoulder she caught a glimpse of a tall, leggy girl with bright blonde hair striding towards them. Immediately, the cheerleader knew it was Britney, and she felt a butterfly flutter through her stomach. 

 "Trisha!" 

 The head cheerleader also had her robe still in her hands. She was dressed in a silky red dress with a halter top, her knee-length skirt loosely flowing around her gorgeous long legs. Every garment had trouble containing Britney's incredible chest, but this dress was doing an admirable job, cupping each double-D tit even as they sloped out of her slender frame. Britney was wearing stiletto heels too, and she grinned at Trisha, her bright blue eyes framed by her gorgeous blonde curls. Still, she had to admit that even Britney, who was always so confident, looked a little nervous too. 

 "Ready? Let's stop by the bathroom. We only have a few minutes!" 

 "Oh...okay, Brit." 

 "Huh?" Mandy looked confused. "Where are you going? You'll miss our entrance, you guys!" 

 Britney was already hurrying towards the gym, and Trisha quickly followed, her hair bouncing around her pouty cheeks. She glanced over her shoulder. "I'll be right back, Mandy!" 

 The brunette hurried to catch up with the head cheerleader, carefully tugging the skirt of her dress back down as it slid across her slim thighs. Britney was heading back into the gym, and she led Trisha into the girls' bathroom. It was empty, of course, but just in case she checked all the stalls anyway. 

 "Wh...what's going on?" Trisha asked nervously. Britney's always like this...she loves surprises! And the worst part is I have absolutely no idea what she's planning. 

 "Just want to make sure we're alone," Britney replied, grinning. The head cheerleader turned to face the mirror above the sinks, and Trisha followed her lead, turning to stare at the two high school girls in the glass. Even though she had been friends with Britney for almost a year, Trisha was always amazed at the contrast between them. Her reflection in the mirror was a short, petite brunette, looking young even for a teenager in high school, her wavy brown hair dangling down her slim shoulders and framing her pouty face and big brown eyes. Trisha's slender frame went perfectly with her dress, looking even more tight and perky than usual. The dainty cheerleader was such a contrast to Britney; tall and statuesque, her long, slim legs stretched out from under her ruby-red dress, and her impressive chest burst out from her model-measurement frame. Now, the head cheerleader brushed a strand of curly blonde hair away from her face, and turned to grin down at Trisha. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 19 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Okay, you ready?" 

 Trisha started to nod, but then paused. "Well...I don't know what we're doing yet, Brit!" 

 Britney laughed. "Okay, okay." The head cheerleader rummaged through her purse before pulling out a small plastic bag. "Ta-da!" she said, presenting it to Trisha. 

 Biting on her lip, Trisha hurriedly tore open the bag, tossing the remains onto the bathroom floor. Then, she gasped, putting one hand to her mouth. 

 Britney burst out laughing. "Like it, huh?" 

 Trisha was holding a thick, flesh-colored dildo. It was impressively long, easily eight or nine inches, with a small knob on the bottom. Trisha realized now that it was so thick that her little hand barely wrapped around it, and she blushed fiercely. 

 "A...a dildo..?" Trisha stammered, looking up at Britney incredulously. "I...I don't..." 

 "Not a dildo, hun!" Britney interrupted her. With a mischievous grin and her blue eyes glittering with amusement, the head cheerleader pulled out a tiny plastic rectangle from her purse. It was a remote control with a couple buttons on it, and now Britney pressed one of them. 

 Trisha startled as she felt the dildo jolt in her hand. With wide eyes, the cheerleader looked down and realized that it was now gently rocking and shaking in her hand, the tip rotating in small circles, the shaft vibrating in a steady rhythm. It's...it's a vibrator! 

 Britney grinned. "And look...there's one for me too!" The head cheerleader's eyes glittered with excitement as she pulled out a second vibrator, the exact same as the one now rumbling in Trisha's hands. The blonde turned it back off, watching as Trisha still stared down in amazement. 

 She and Brianna were going to get vibrators together? But...I don't understand. Whatever she wants to do, we don't have time now...the graduation ceremony will start any minute! Unless...unless... 

 Trisha gasped again, and her head shot up to look at Britney. The head cheerleader laughed again, and nodded immediately. 

 "B-Brit...no...no way! You're crazy!" 

 "Guess you got the idea, huh, Trish? C'mon! We don't have all day!" And then, without another word, the head cheerleader promptly turned around, bending over at the waist, hitching up the skirt of her dress and sliding her thong an inch or two down her thighs. 

 The petite brunette watched in awe as Britney stripped off her panties, without even a second thought, as if it was completely normal to standing next to her friend in a public bathroom, with her pink pussy fully visible. Now, the blonde was gently guiding the massive dildo between her hips. 

 Trisha shook her head frantically. "W-wait! Britney...this is crazy! We'll...we'll be in front of hundreds of people! Our friends! Our family! They'll all be able to see us!" 

 "Well, that's what this big robe is for, hun," Britney responded, grinning at Trisha. "Ooh...wow...this thing really is huge!" Britney's lips were twitching slightly and she let out a soft moan as the sex toy penetrated her pussy lips, gently sinking into her twat, inch by inch. 

 Trisha shook her head again, so hard that her wavy brown hair flopped against her pouty cheeks. "Britney...I can't! This is...this is too crazy!" The brunette was already imagining walking on stage with that massive sex toy stuffed in her cunt. It's so big...I probably couldn't even walk straight with it inside of me! 

 Britney's eyes were now closed, and now Trisha watched with amazement as the blonde gently, tenderly eased the dildo deeper, deeper into her pussy, until it was suddenly completely buried, the end just barely protruding out of her pink cunt. Now, as Trisha stared with wide eyes and open mouth, Britney took a deep breath and stood back up, gingerly shifting her hips as she slid her thong back over her pussy and tugged her skirt back down her legs. The head cheerleader looked as normal as before, dressed properly in her ruby-red dress, her wide smile betraying nothing. 

 "Your turn," Britney said, grinning at Trisha. She's crazy! 

 "No...no way, Britney! I mean...my whole family is out there. All my friends! I...I can't risk it!" 

 Suddenly, Britney's grin faded a little, and the blonde now turned to stare at Trisha. She looked surprised, and more than a little disappointed. 

 "Trish...you said you would do this me, right? This is our last day of high school! Don't you want to celebrate it with me?" 

 Trisha faltered, and now the brunette stared down at her feet, fidgeting. "I...of course I do, Britney! But...this...this is..." 

 "Trisha, have you ever regretted something I made you do?" 

 Trisha looked up again, staring into Britney's bright blue eyes. The head cheerleader was so gorgeous, her curly blonde hair cascading down her slim shoulders, framing her impressive, round tits. Her body was already perfect, but the sparkling red dress made every curve seem sexier; her taut, slender waist sloped in even more, her legs longer and slimmer. Britney's the sexiest girl I know... Trisha sighed. She always knows what she's doing...she's so put together! 

 "Well?" Britney raised an eyebrow. 

 Trisha sighed again, and shook her head. "O...okay, Britney. I trust you." 

 The blonde beamed, and once again her grin lighted up her face. "Yes! Okay, let's do it!" 

 Trisha nodded, mostly to herself. Nervously, gently, the petite brunette grasped the hem of her dress and slid it up her slender thighs. It only took an inch or two before she had revealed the edge of her panties, and there she stopped, and began to modestly, slightly edge the thong to the side. 

 Britney burst out laughing. "What's the matter with you, Trish? It's not like there's anyone else here, hun! Don't be so shy. No one will see your pussy except me...and I've already seen it plenty of times!" The blonde grinned down at Trisha. 

 The cheerleader blushed at Britney's teasing. "Well, I...I...okay, fine!" The brunette slid the hem of the dress up over the generous curve of her butt, and now she carefully nudged her thong to the side, revealing her pink twat. Taking a deep breath, she reached down and positioned the vibrator between her slim thighs, and as she did it she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. The dildo looked even more massive and thick in the reflection; it seemed almost as big around as one of her slender arms. 

 "Hurry up, Trish! We don't have all day!" 

 The cheerleader gasped as she gently began to penetrate herself with the plastic cock, pushing gently into her pussy lips, feeling every bit of it enter her tight body. Her legs were trembling with the effort of accepting such a massive shaft. 

 "I...oh...oh wow, Britney...this thing is huge! I don't...know..." Trisha said now, softly, hesitant, still trying to work the big thing into her little twat. 

 "Here." Britney stepped forward, raised a hand to her mouth, and promptly extended out her tongue, lapping and drooling on each of her fingers, coating them with a thick sheet of slobber. Then, without even asking, she bent down and reached between Trisha's legs, running her saliva on the sides of the dildo and between her pussy lips. 

 Trisha jumped at the feeling of Britney's fingers grazing against her pussy; she was completely unprepared. "Britney!" she gasped. But it worked; she felt the vibrator easing into her cunt now, lubricated by the blonde's drool. 

 Britney burst out laughing again, as she straightened, staring at Trisha with an amused look. "Oh, Trish...you're always so modest, hun! You're a good girl...I guess I'll never get that out of you." 

 But Trisha wasn't listening. The young brunette was busy gently shifting her hips back and forth, getting used to the fat, long toy buried between her legs, her eyes wide as she got used to its size. She felt like she was stuffed from head to toe by that dildo, it was so big. Britney expects me to keep this in my pussy for the entire ceremony? What is she thinking? 

 "Oh shit! Hear that? The music's starting! We're going to walk onstage in like a minute!" Britney hurriedly stuffed the remote control into her purse and grabbed her graduation robe and cap, tugging them hurriedly on, checking her hair in the mirror. Then she quickly bolted out the bathroom door. 

 "W-wait!" Trisha shouted, but it was too late. She was alone now in the bathroom. The cheerleader quickly turned towards the mirror, and now she gingerly, delicately re-adjusted her thong, making sure it was securely over the dildo now buried in her cunt. She pulled her dress back down her butt, smoothing it out, tugging it as far as it would go across her thighs. Now she stared at herself in the mirror: barely five feet tall, looking just as perky and cute and innocent as ever in her baby pink dress. But it was hard to concentrate on anything with something so thick and long filling her pussy. God...Britney is crazy! I can't do this!But graduation was about to start, and Trisha couldn't think anymore, or she would miss it. Taking a deep breath and gingerly steadying her hips, the young brunette turned and followed Britney out the door. 

 *** 

 Her friend was right. Trisha could hear the music starting, and the students would be marching onto the stage in only a few minutes. Frantically, the cheerleader hurried to follow Britney, but immediately she gasped as the feeling of her moving thighs shifted the vibrator in her cunt. She could feel it sliding slightly, so thick and deep inside of her, and with a jolt Trisha quickly slowed down to a steady, careful stride. Gingerly, the young brunette made her way towards the line of students, hurriedly tugging on her black robe and her square graduation cap. This is a little better now,Trisha thought, looking down at the loose robe billowing around her ankles. Now at least no one could see her slender legs, wobbling as she delicately took each step, acutely aware of the dildo stuffed deep in her pussy. She just barely found her spot in line when it started to move. Trisha took a deep breath, trying to walk as stiff-legged as possible in her heels, trying to avoid letting her dainty hips swing back and forth. 

 All around her, the music was playing and the audience was clapping as the senior class of Eisenhower High School walked onto the football field. A large stage had been set up on one end, and Trisha and the rest of the students were now marching towards it, a long procession of students in black graduation gowns. As per normal graduation tradition, they would sit on stage while the graduation speakers would speak, and then, at the very end, they would be called, row by row, to the front of the stage and would each be officially handed their diplomas in front of everyone. Now, Trisha suddenly realized that she would have to sit through the entire ceremony with the thick rubber cock deep inside of her, plunged between her slim thighs. I have to sit through this entire ceremony with my pussy stuffed and stretched...acting completely normal...what was Britney thinking? 

 It was such a strange feeling, to try to walk straight and regular, when her hips felt like they had been stretched apart, when she felt like her kidneys were being poked and prodded into her stomach. The movement of her thighs made her powerfully aware of every inch of the massive plastic dick, of its thickness and size, so tightly fit in her little body. Trisha turned now to look back at Britney, who was several yards behind her in line, walking along with the rest of the students. To her surprise, the head cheerleader looked perfectly normal; her impressive tits bulging even out of the baggy gown, her blue eyes glistening, her smile sweet and demure. No one would have even guessed what was under that gown, buried deep between the tall blonde's legs; they all probably thought Britney was just happy to be graduating. 

 How is that possible? How can she look so relaxed?Trisha's own body was stiff and on edge; the young brunette was carefully, delicately taking each step across the lawn, staring straight ahead, trying very hard to look as normal as possible. The girl behind her bumped into her a couple times, surprised that Trisha was walking so slowly. But the cheerleader couldn't help it. She was so nervous that at any moment, her next step would shift her slender hips a little too much, and the dildo would slide out from beneath her thong, slipping from her pussy and plopping onto the grass for everyone to see. Or that it would drive too deep inside of her, stretching her tight cunt and making her yelp out loud, revealing herself to everyone around her. 

 The procession had reached the stage, and now each student carefully climbed onto it, finding their seats. Once again, Trisha caught a glimpse of Britney, the tall blonde still smiling widely, striding across the stage just as confidently as ever. There was a small group of guys standing to one side of the stage, all in their twenties, fiddling with the poles supporting the backdrop of the stage. Britney flashed a happy smile at the stage hands, then turned her head towards the audience, beaming out across the rows of chairs filling the football field. 

 She loves knowing that they're all staring at her while she's got that vibrator deep in her pussy...Trisha realized. It was just the type of thing Britney would want to do; stuffing her twat full and masturbating right in the middle of her high school graduation, right on stage, during a moment that was supposed to be extra-memorable in her life. It was only now that Trisha realized how shameless she and Britney were. Her parents would be taking pictures and sending out cards to relatives; they would talk to their friends about how exciting it was to see their little girl finish high school and start the rest of her life, how proud they were. And they would never know that their young, petite daughter was wobbling on stage with her pussy stuffed to the brim with a plastic vibrator. 

 Trisha was right in the middle of the line of students, and now she found her seat. Relieved, the cheerleader quickly sat down, but in the next instant she gave a loud cry and jolted in her seat. The movement of sitting down had driven the dildo hard and deep into her twat, making her entire body shudder with the impact. The students around her turned to give her a strange look, as Trisha blushed and quickly looked down at her lap, silently, carefully shifting her legs on her chair. The petite brunette was short enough that her feet didn't even reach the floor, her kitten heels dangling in the air as she gently tried to arrange her hips in the best position. She placed her hands in her lap, mortified, trying to draw as little attention to herself after her outburst. But there was no way around it; sitting on the chair was driving that vibrator all the way into her tight twat, filling and stretching her dainty body. Oh God...there's no way I can make it through the entire ceremony.Now the cheerleader stole a glance at Britney, who was seated in the row behind her. The blonde was grinning straight at Trisha, silently giggling at her outburst. Blushing again, Trisha turned back to face the front. And she's loving every second of it! 

 A man stood up now and moved to the podium; the superintendent. He stood and smiled at the audience for several long seconds, waiting for the music to finish. Trisha shifted again, uncomfortably, her dangling feet swinging as she repositioned her legs. Oh...hurry up and start speaking! 

 "Hello, everyone," he finally began, in a slow, droning voice. "Teachers, staff, graduates, alumni, parents, relatives, and friends...welcome! Welcome, welcome!" 

 As the superintendent droned on, Trisha stared back down at her lap, feeling her graduation cap jiggle on her head. The sun was beating down on the students, and her cheeks were still red. The petite cheerleader was beginning to sweat in the thick black robe, but even so, she was desperately thankful that she was wearing it. At least in this baggy thing, no one could see her slender hips twitch and wiggle; no one could watch her constantly rearrange her slim legs and fidget in her seat. And no one had a chance of glancing up her short pink sundress, of peeking under her skirt to see that large, thick vibrator, buried in her cunt, secured under her thong and stuffed deep. 

 I can't believe Britney talked me into this! This is crazy!Now, the young brunette stared out across the audience, at the hundreds of adults; parents of her fellow classmates. Everyone was staring up at the stage, and now for a second, Trisha suddenly felt like they were all staring at her. 

 "Psst!" 

 Someone was whispering behind Trisha, and she turned to look. Britney was leaning forward, her curly blonde hair draping down in front of her. Now, the head cheerleader winked at Trisha, and moved one hand under her robes, to her purse. The brunette's eyes widened as she realized what her friend was reaching for, and frantically she shook her head. No! Please, Britney, don't do it! 

 It was too late. A second later, Trisha's entire body twitched and shook as Britney switched both of their vibrators on. Trisha could see Britney shuddering too, although much less noticeably, keeping her pleasure to herself, smiling down at her lap as the vibrations started. Trisha wasn't so subtle. The young brunette jumped in her seat at the feeling, and once again her row-mates threw her a strange look. But she didn't even notice. Trisha's eyes were wide and her mouth opened into an O as she felt the sex toy begin to quiver and pulse in her cunt. It was such a new, unfamiliar feeling; the dildo stuffing and stretching her pussy full and now sending endless waves of vibrations rumbling through her, radiating out from between her slim hips and across her entire body. The cheerleader stiffened in response, rigid on her chair. 

 Someone else was talking now, the featured guest speaker for the ceremony, droning on about the importance of education and learning. But all Trisha heard was a distant voice, overwhelmed by the new sensation deep between her hips. The dildo's soft, smooth vibrations were teasing and caressing her tender canal, filling her twat with its smooth pulses, washing across the rest of her skin. Now, the cheerleader felt the heat rising in her body, her nerves tingling, her cheeks turning rosy. Desperately, Trisha looked out over the stage, trying to distract herself, trying to force herself to think about anything else. It's my graduation, for God's sake! I...I should be thinking about how happy I am to finish high school, how excited I am to move on! I should be thinking about...about... 

 But it was no use. Trisha felt her fingers tightening around the edges of her chair, her hips shifting as the petite cheerleader gently, unconsciously began to spread her legs slightly on her seat. That dildo was stuffed so deep in her pussy, buried in her tight, teenage body, pulsing and jolting. Trisha couldn't deny it; it felt so good, gently pressing into her cunt, the vibrations massaging her tender, eager flesh, making her so completely aware of how full her little pussy was. She could feel the lust slowly rising in her body, the pleasure taking over bit by bit. Her breathing was starting to quicken, her heart thumping in her chest. Ohh...ohh God...The vibrator was so wonderful, and now her entire body was aching for more; her pussy growing wet, her legs desperately edging further apart, her toes curling in her kitten heels as her feet dangled off her chair. She was still staring out into the audience, but the young brunette wasn't looking at them. All she could think about was that dildo, so thick and hard, so firm and deep inside of her. 

 Suddenly, the girl next to her was leaning to whisper in her ear. "Geez...can you believe this sun! It's so hot! Why do we have to be outside?" Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 19 ****** byHiddenDevil_© Trisha turned to the girl, surprised, gripping the chair hard as she struggled to look normal. The girl was looking at her with a sympathetic look, and suddenly Trisha realized that her cheeks must be flushed red and hot. The girl thought Trisha's face was shiny and red just because of the heat. She didn't realize that the petite cheerleader next to her was desperately struggling to keep her pleasure in – that her body, hidden under the gown, was rigid and stiff in her chair in response to the sex toy plunged into her cunt. Trisha responded with a stilted nod, her lips struggling to move. 

 "O-oh..." she finally managed back, in a stammering whisper. "Y-yes...I k- know!" 

 "Are you okay? You don't look so good." 

 Again Trisha did her best to nod, forcing her trembling lips into what she was hoped was a reassuring smile. "Y-yes...thank you." The brunette was now visibly fidgeting on her chair, her knuckles white as she gripped her chair. "I...u- um...it's just so hot!" 

 The girl nodded and smiled, turning back to the audience. Trisha was overwhelmed with pleasure now, the thick, deep vibrations of the dildo pulsing through her pussy and radiating across the rest of her body. The cheerleader was struggling so hard to keep herself straight and normal in her chair, and now she wondered if the student next to her could tell. It was taking every shred of Trisha's willpower to keep from spreading her legs wide on her chair, from stuffing her hands between her slim thighs and eagerly, hungrily pumping her dripping twat with that thick dildo. Ohhh...that would feel so good...shoving that vibrator hard into my cunt...feeling it pump in and out...feeling it fill me so deep...Again, the cheerleader shuddered on her chair, and she took in a deep gulp of air, panting desperately, steeling herself. 

 Distantly, Trisha heard clapping. The man at the podium had sat down, and now, someone else had stood up, announcing names. Dimly, Trisha was aware that students in front of her were standing up and walking, one by one, on-stage to accept something. But she couldn't concentrate on anything beyond that; it was almost torture, how badly her body was trembling with lust. The cheerleader desperately turned to look over her shoulder, at Britney. 

 The head cheerleader's face was just as flushed and deep in pleasure as her own, and now Trisha felt her lust grow as she watched Britney fidget and twitch in her chair. The blonde was struggling just like her to stay properly seated on her chair, and Britney's knees were twitching slightly, her sky-blue eyes wide, her lips moving silently as she gulped in air. I can't believe I'm actually using a vibrator right now...in front of hundreds of people...at my own graduation! It's so brazen...so nasty...the two of us doing it together so we know we're not the only ones trembling in pleasure...The cheerleader shuddered violently then, so hard that her legs twitched in the air and one of her high heels clanked loudly against the leg of her chair. Her lust was pulsing through her, matching the waves of vibrations ravishing her little body, beating through her chest and her thumping heart, threatening to burst out of the young brunette at any moment. Ohh...oh God...I can't take it...it feels so good... 

 "Hey!" The girl next to Trisha tapped her on the shoulder. "It's our turn! What are you waiting for, go!" 

 "W-what?" Trisha stammered. Now, she saw that all the students in her row were filing out and to the front of the stage, ready to accept their diplomas. N-no! I can barely even stay seated...there's no way I can walk out there now!But the cheerleader didn't have time to think, and now she frantically forced her trembling little body to stand, wobbling forward, doing her best to walk straight. 

 But with the very first step, she could feel the dildo shifting as her hips swung, and even the slightest movement sent a wild, thrilling pang of lust through her. Ohhhh God! Overwhelmed with pleasure, the cheerleader had to pause and grab hold of the chair next to her before she could keep walking. It was so wonderful to feel that sex toy sliding inside of her...just like she was being fucked... It would feel so good now to just grab hold of that dildo and shove it deep into my pussy...pump my cunt hard and fast...oooh...Now, as Trisha desperately forced herself to keep walking forward, she imagined just plopping herself down, right in front of the stage, in front of everyone, and pulling up her robe to shamelessly fuck herself with the vibrator. Ohh...oh I want to so badly... 

 Trisha was near the front of the stage now. Her row of students were now lined up on one side, waiting for their names to be called. Now, Trisha felt her cheeks flushing a deep crimson as she stood in line, her eyes wide and desperate as she watched each student slowly strut forward. Hurry!She wanted to scream it out loud. Please...hurry!!She wanted so badly to be back in her chair, hidden by all the rows in front of her; the cheerleader felt like she stuck out like a sore thumb here. Everyone else was standing so still and regal in their graduation robes, and here she was, a petite brunette, shorter than everyone else and squirming and panting like she was in heat. The vibrator was still pulsing in her twat, a strong, rhythmic buzzing, and now the cheerleader wondered if anyone else could hear it. 

 But then, Trisha felt someone behind her shove her forward. Looking up frantically, she suddenly saw that the man at the podium was staring expectantly at her, with a slightly confused look on her face. Mortified, the cheerleader realized that he must have called her name and she didn't even hear it. She hurriedly darted forward, her face bright red, her brown eyes wide with embarrassment. 

 Dimly, she could hear applause and cheering around her, she was aware of the flash of a camera and the sound of a voice booming through the speaker. She barely managed a faint smile as she walked up to the man, who was extending out a black, sleek leatherette with her diploma inside. He was still looking confused, staring at Trisha and obviously wondering why, after all the other students accepted their diplomas from him with a proud smile, this little brunette was wobbling and stumbling towards him, looking barely even aware he was there at all. Trisha did her best to give him a faint smile, and she quickly took the leather folder in both hands and hurried across stage, her knees shaking, her entire body quivering. 

 The vibrations felt much stronger now, even though she knew they weren't, radiating through her skin, pulsing and prodding her tight pussy, powerful enough that Trisha felt like they were shaking her slim hips back and forth. The cheerleader was clutching her diploma in both hands, holding it around her waist and pressing it into her body as she hurried back to her seat. Now, suddenly, she felt the corner of the leather folder pressing through her billowy gown, into her body; hard and smooth, only inches from her quivering hips. 

 Ohhh...Without even thinking, the cheerleader found herself gently sliding the diploma further down, and then, before she even realized what she was doing, she was gently pressing the corner of the hard folder between her hips, against her soft mound. Trisha felt her entire body flush with pleasure as the firm, rigid material pushed against her pussy lips, lightly touching the dildo and her stuffed cunt. The eighteen-year-old had just barely made it back to her seat, and now she found her fingers tightening around the diploma, her eyes closing and her legs spreading as she began to slowly, ever-so-gently move the folder up and down against her hips. 

 To everyone else, it looked completely innocent; the petite brunette was just squirming and fidgeting with her folder out of nervousness, unable to sit still because she was so excited. But Trisha was masturbating with her own diploma, caring only that it was hard and thick and she could press it against her twat without anyone noticing. Ooh...ahh!Even the slightest, gentlest movement was sending wracks of pleasure through the lust-addled cheerleader, making her pussy beg for more, for just one more harder shove. 

 Ohh...I just want to reach under my dress and grab that dildo...I could do it right now...right this second...but no, I can't! I can't!Trisha's body was trembling on the edge, wracked with pleasure. The cheerleader was panting hard, her eyes wide and frantic. I can't...ohhh...I can't take it anymore... 

 But suddenly, Trisha heard the entire field erupt in applause, and suddenly everyone around her was standing up. Lost in her lust, it took the cheerleader a few seconds to realize that the graduation ceremony had ended at last! Thank God!The little brunette's face brightened with relief, and she hurried along with the rest of the students offstage, still clutching the diploma to her body, still flushed with desire as she felt the dildo vibrate in her tight cunt. All around her, students were trying to find their friends and their families, already pulling out cameras and cell phones. But there was only one thought on Trisha's mind. Find a bathroom...an empty classroom...anything! Find the closest building possible...anywhere I can run and use this dildo like I really want to...oh God...ooh...I could scream right now, I'm so horny! 

 Trisha was suddenly darting through students, cutting through lines and ignoring their protests. She could already see herself, stretched out on the floor of the nearest building, her legs spread wide, her hand driving that vibrator in and out of her cunt. Yes! Ohh...I'm so close! I want it now! 

 But then, Trisha felt a hand close around her wrist. A second later, Britney appeared beside her, walking just as fast, shimmying past students as they dispersed from the stage. Trisha looked up and realized that the head cheerleader had the exact same expression on her face; eager, wild, desperate lust. The blonde's face was flushed and her eyes were wide with excitement – her body was just as hungry for pleasure as Trisha's, just as badly teased by her own dildo. 

 Trisha was about to say something, but before she could even open her mouth Britney was pulling her along, striding so quickly that she was almost jogging, sliding and bumping past student after student. The petite brunette found herself in a flat-out run to keep up with Britney, wobbling and tripping in her kitten heels, gasping as her swinging hips rubbed the hard toy in and out of her canal, shuddering as each collision with another student made the dildo shake inside her slender body. Ooh...ahh!Each step made Trisha feel the full size of that vibrator. But Britney's hand was tight around her wrist, dragging the little cheerleader along with her. Where are we going?? 

 By now, the two cheerleaders had gotten to the edge of the crowd of students; they were now on the grass off to one side of the stage. The massive backdrop of the stage loomed over them, and Trisha could see a large patch of shade behind it. There was a single group of four men standing behind it, smoking and chatting, separated from all the loud students. They were the same four stagehands she had seen before the ceremony. 

 "B-Brit..." Trisha gasped. "Slow down!" 

 But the head cheerleader didn't even respond. Instead, she was making a beeline for the stagehands, one hand still around Trisha's wrist. The other one was now fumbling with the zipper of her graduation gown, yanking it open, and now the blonde discarded it even as she kept walking, leaving it scattered on the grass behind her. 

 One by one, each of their heads turned as they caught sight of the head cheerleader, and one by one they were struck silent, in mid-sentence, their mouths hanging open. Britney was striding towards them on the grass, her double-D cups bobbing and tugging against her dress's halter top, her curly blonde hair dangling past her chest and all the way down to her slim, taut waist. Her smooth, slinky legs were cleanly framed by the ruby-red dress, so long they seemed to go on forever as she hurried across the field in her heels. 

 The group of four stood in silence, watching as the two cheerleaders marched towards them. Trisha was panting as she tried to keep up, her dainty hips trembling with the impact of each heel on the uneven dirt, feeling each step push and prod that massive dildo in her tender, aching twat. Britney kept dragging her along, until the two girls were standing right in front of the stage hands, none of them saying a word. 

 As Trisha looked up at the head cheerleader, she could see her friend's chest heaving as well, catching her breath, her blue eyes blazing and focused. She knew that Britney's hips must be trembling too as her pussy was teased and caressed, that her knees must be weak with lust just like Trisha's. The blonde parted her lips and paused for a second, as if trying to think of something to say. 

 "Hi. I'm Britney," she said finally, briskly. 

 Then, without another word, the head cheerleader sank to her knees on the grass, reached out, and grabbed the closest man's hip, pulling him towards her. He gasped and stumbled forward, leaving his crotch just inches from Britney's plump lips. Trisha gasped too, watching as Britney, not even waiting to ask, began to hurriedly yank open the man's fly, tugging his pants down to his knees. The petite cheerleader was gaping at Britney, but now her eyes suddenly zoomed to his crotch, and she suddenly felt her body rise with heat as a thick, rock-hard cock popped out. Wow...he's already hard and ready to go... 

 The man jolted as Britney's fingers tightened around his hips, his eyes wide as saucers. "Wh-whoa..." he stammered, the only thing he could muster to say. The other three men were staring too, unable to believe their eyes. 

 In the same moment, Britney had leaned forward, and the lucky man's cock was already in her mouth, plunging gently between the blonde's lips as she gulped him down, moaning softly as she felt his hard shaft against her tongue. The man groaned loudly, and in an instant all his surprise and shock was wiped clean. The only thing he cared about was the feeling of Britney's warm, soft lips gently gliding down his cock, bathing his meat, eagerly servicing him without even knowing his name. 

 "Holy shit..." he gasped, staring down at Britney. His eyes were wide and unblinking as he watched the busty blonde slurp on his dick, her cheeks gently puckered as she gulped, her lips smacking and gurgling, her sky-blue eyes fixed happily on the shaft, watching as it vanished into her mouth. 

 Trisha was staring at Britney too, her mouth wide open as she watched her friend blow a stranger. Now she understood why Britney had been in such a hurry. The head cheerleader had been ready to feel that cock in her lips as soon as she hurried off-stage. She was already thinking about it even before graduation was over! She saw these guys standing behind the stage when we walked on...and she already knew that she would fuck them! 

 Now, Trisha realized that the other three men had now unzipped their jeans as well, They were totally ignoring her, circling around Britney, gaping and staring as the blonde serviced their friend. She could see all four of their rock-hard cocks now, three of them erect and throbbing in the warm afternoon air, the fourth one buried in Britney's wet, sloppy lips. Now, Trisha felt a jolt of lust rush through her body, making her shudder, and she realized that her legs felt like putty; her body so desperate with pleasure that she could barely stand. She could feel every inch of her skin tingling as she stared at those thick shafts, her little body trembling, her mind whirling. The dildo had filled her pussy up and now it was making the rest of her feel empty. 

 She couldn't take her eyes off Britney's mouth, off the sight of that hard cock vanishing again and again into the blonde's lips. She could see Britney's slobber glistening on his meat, she could see his lust throbbing in that massive shaft, his hands tightening in her curly blonde hair. And now Trisha realized that her own mouth was still open, and it felt so empty, so bare and useless. Each time she saw Britney gulp his cock down, her own lips tingled at the thought of a throbbing dick, her tongue eager to feel it, salivating to taste it. She wanted to feel the velvety smooth shaft rubbing against the insides of her cheeks, the hot lust against her lips. 

 Frantically, Trisha fell onto her knees too, as if she was praying, her eyes eager and thirsty. Those cocks looked so thick and stiff, just like the one that was plunging in and out of Britney's mouth, just like the dildo buried in her cunt. They were pumped full of blood and lust, smooth and hard and long. Hurriedly, the cheerleader leaned forward and opened her lips, extending her tongue and offering her mouth to them. 

 For a second, none of them moved. They were frozen in place at the sight of the two eighteen-year-olds. A tall, busty blonde, with pretty blue eyes and gorgeous long legs was already on her knees, busy gulping down a cock. And now her friend – a sweet, perky brunette, barely five feet tall and with cute brown eyes – had sank to her knees as well, opening her mouth for them like an obedient pet, ready and willing to service them too. 

 The man on the right came to his senses first. He quickly stepped forward, guiding his throbbing cock towards Trisha's face, and before he could do anything else the cheerleader had eagerly strained forward, gulping him into her mouth, letting her lips wrap tight around his shaft like a sheath. 

 Immediately, two groans rang out into the field. The man let out a low moan of pleasure as he felt the brunette's soft lips slide across his member, coating him with her drool. And Trisha's entire body shuddered with satisfaction, her lust finally sated, her mouth finally full of hard cock. Her groan was muffled as she slurped, her tongue happily lapping at his shaft, her lips smoothly, gently gliding over his meat. Trisha reached forward and placed her hands on his hips, steadying herself, and now the cheerleader hungrily began to bob back and forth, pumping his shaft in and out her mouth, feeling him spear past her lips, stretching her cheeks, prodding at her lapping tongue. Every inch of her was tingling with satisfaction as she gulped and sucked, and now she guided her brown eyes up at the man's face as she serviced him. 

 Ohhh...thank God...I felt so empty!Trisha's eyes locked onto his, her pretty, sweet face a picture of ecstasy. Oooh...and he tastes good! 

 "Uhhh..." 

 "Fuck yeah...get that dick, baby..." 

 The two men were groaning in unison, their dicks buried deep in Britney's and Trisha's mouths, admiring the sight of the two cheerleaders, relishing their soft, warm lips and their velvet tongues. Their shafts were throbbing with lust as they plunged deep between the girls' puckered cheeks. 

 The other two men were still standing next to them, and now each of them were gently jerking off their rock-hard dicks. Trisha felt a thrill run through her at the sight of it; she could see their lust throbbing in their shafts, masturbating at the sight of them because their desire was too much to contain, their carnal hunger deep in their faces and their eyes. Now, one man stepped forward and kneeled down next to Trisha, admiring the little brunette's slender, tight body as she rocked back and forth, slurping hungrily on his friend's cock. 

 Trisha was still gulping and sucking when she felt his hands slide around her slim figure, fumbling for the zipper of her graduation gown. With one smooth motion he quickly pulled the gown off, letting the fabric sink to the ground, useless. Now both cheerleaders were on display, kneeling in the grass, their graduation gowns tossed on the field. Britney's gorgeous, round tits jiggled and danced as she bobbed back and forth, her blonde hair cascading across her shoulders, her mouth working hard as she serviced her man. Next to her, perky little Trisha was gently rocking back and forth as she slurped, her slender hips wiggling and straining forward. Her dress hugged her slim frame, the neckline dipping low enough to display her firm chest, the skirt riding up enough to show off her dainty, smooth legs as she kneeled in the grass. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 19 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "Fuck...fuck...gulp it down, baby..." The stage hand was staring down at Britney as the blonde slurped on his cock, watching her impressive tits dance back and forth as she bounced. Now, Trisha suddenly jolted as she felt someone kneeling behind her, and hands began to slide up and down her petite body. He was groping the slim cheerleader, eager to feel her slender curves, to enjoy the soft skin of the little brunette kneeling and gurgling in front of him. Trisha's skin tingled and prickled as his fingers slid up and over her plump tits, down her tiny waist, across the curves of her wiggling hips. It was such a thrill, to feel so on display, to know that this man was so lustful at the sight of her young body that he couldn't keep his hands off her. And then, she felt his hand sliding under her skirt, feeling the cheerleader's firm ass. His fingers glided across the insides of her slim thighs. They reached Trisha's thong – dripping wet with lust – and he felt what was buried deep underneath, what was making the cheerleader thrill and whimper with desire. 

 Trisha let out a gasp as she felt the vibrator shifting in her cunt, and drool spilled out of the brunette's lips as she gurgled and moaned in response, her body shuddering and trembling. 

 "Holy shit!" 

 "What's up, Eric?" 

 Eric was kneeling behind Trisha, one hand sliding up and down her slim body, the other one slipped between her slim thighs. He grinned up at his friend. 

 "You're not going to fucking believe this shit!" 

 Trisha felt his hand slide across her butt, and in the next second she felt the material of her dress being pulled upwards. 

 "This little girl's got a dildo stuffed up her twat!" 

 "What??" The other men craned their necks to see. 

 "Check it out..." And now, Trisha's entire body wriggled upwards in a single wave, her eyes popping wide as she felt his hand tighten on the dildo and gently, slowly, ease it partway out of her pussy to show his friends. She could feel every inch of that thick toy, its gliding movement matching the feeling of the cock plunging into her mouth, and the cheerleader whimpered with pleasure. 

 "No fucking way..." 

 "Yeah!" Eric was staring down at Trisha. Then he grinned. "Shit, man...you know what?" He burst out laughing. "She probably had this vibrator stuffed in her twat the entire time! You know, while she was on stage! Holy shit...what a little whore!" 

 The other men were already laughing and nodding in agreement. "Wow...what a nasty little slut!" 

 "She looks so sweet and innocent too, I can't fucking believe it..." 

 "Yeah...sweet enough to swallow my cum!" 

 Trisha's eyes were wide and sparkling as she listened to them. She had been caught; they had found the dildo buried in her cunt and now they knew that this cute little brunette was actually nasty and naughty. They like that I look so dainty and young...I guess it makes it even hotter when I turn out to be a filthy girl! 

 "Hey Stan!" Eric called out, turning to the man who was jutting his cock into Britney's lips. "See if your girl has one too!" 

 "Uhh..." Stan groaned, his eyes closed, lost in the feeling of Britney's mouth around his meat. "Fuck...fuck..." 

 "Yeah!" The fourth man had just knelt behind Britney, yanking up her dress and reaching between her hips. Trisha saw her friend jolt and squirm, just like her, as he grabbed hold of the vibrator. "You've got to me shitting me...she's got a dildo too!" 

 The four men burst out laughing, grinning at each other, and Trisha would have smiled too if her mouth wasn't stuffed full. They've a lucky bunch of guys...they found two nasty, naughty sluts, just aching to slurp down their cocks! Now, Trisha watched as the fourth man pulled Britney's dress up even further, taking the opportunity to feel her firm ass, to run his hands up and down her long, smooth legs. She could feel Eric's hands squeezing her slim thighs, sending jolt after jolt of tender desire reeling towards her stuffed pussy. The two cheerleaders continued to obediently slurp and gurgle, willingly submitting their bodies to those roving hands, letting them yank up the skirts of their dresses without asking. 

 "Oh God...oh fuck..." 

 "How's the little slut feel, Kyle? Can she suck cock?" 

 "Are you...fucking kidding me?" Kyle groaned back, staring down at Trisha as she gulped him between her lips. "God...she's fucking incredible!" 

 "Yeah...she looks so fucking good..." Eric mumbled as he kneeled behind Trisha. "What a hot little body..." 

 He was admiring her slender hips and shoulders rolling back and forth as she gulped down Kyle's rod, her dainty figure on display. His eyes trailed down Trisha's figure, taking in the curve of her ass. The young cheerleader was seated on the ground, resting her butt on her feet, her heels upturned. Now, with his eyes and mouth still open in awe, Eric reached forward, in between Trisha's slim legs, and once again took hold of the dildo barely sticking out of her pussy. 

 Like a bolt, Trisha jolted upwards, and a wild moan thrust through her chest and her mouth. Eric's fingers around the vibrator pressed it deeper into her tender cunt, and a burst of hot pleasure shot through her entire body. Oh God...yes! Ohhh that feels amazing!Instinctively, the cheerleader raised her butt off her heels and thrust it back, spreading her legs wider on the grass. A smile spread across Eric's face as he watched the petite brunette rearrange herself. She was offering her pussy to him, and her muffled moan confirmed it; she wanted more. 

 With his mouth still open in awe, he now began to gently slide the toy back and forth, watching Trisha's body as he did it. The young girl was facing away from him, swallowing Kyle's meat, bobbing her head back and forth as she gurgled and slurped. But he could see her dainty body shuddering, her legs trembling with pleasure, her toes curling in the grass. 

 Trisha could feel every inch of the thick toy plunging into her pussy, so firm and smooth, spreading and stretching her trembling, eager body with its girth. She moaned again and again in pleasure, arching her back as sharply as she could, thrusting her ass backwards, begging for more as Eric slid the toy into her. Ohh...please...please! 

 But then, without warning, he slid the dildo completely out of Trisha's cunt. 

 No! The cheerleader felt her entire body shudder and flush, this time not with pleasure but with aching desire. Her pussy cried out to be filled again, her hips twitched in desperation, her eyes widening. Without even thinking, Trisha leaned back, sliding the drool-coated cock out of her mouth, and frantically turned back to stare at Eric over her shoulder. 

 "Please, please..." she started to whimper, the words tumbled out of her mouth, her brown eyes big and pleading. "Please...put it back – " 

 But Trisha was cut off before she could finish, as she felt the hands on her cheeks pull her back, and before her vision even refocused, the cheerleader felt Kyle's cock slide back between her lips. The stagehand wasn't going to wait, shoving his dick deep into Trisha's mouth and forcing her to swallow him. Trisha gurgled in protest; all she could think about was that dildo, and now her pussy felt so terribly empty, so unfilled and unoccupied. Her body was flushed and hot with lust, and now there was nothing to satisfy it. Oh God...why did he pull it out? I need it! Ohhh, I need it so badly!Every inch of her was crying out for something stiff and hard to plunge into her soft flesh. 

 But at that moment, Trisha felt fingers tightening on her butt; Eric was wrapping his hands around her little hips. For a moment, the cheerleader thought that he was ready to slide the dildo back inside of her, and instantly her body flushed with lust, her pussy aching and ready. But it never came. Instead, Eric was tugging her back, urging her to scoot towards him. His fingers were firm through Trisha's tight dress, pressing just slightly into the young cheerleader's skin. It was as if he was trying to raise her butt up and pull her back towards him. 

 And then, suddenly, Trisha understood. An eager moan burst through the cheerleader's lips, muffled by the thick cock deep in her mouth, accompanied by a dribble of slobber that ran down her chin as she slurped. Eagerly, the brunette submitted to Eric's tugging, scooting backwards on her knees across the grass. She planted both of her hands down on the field as she scooted, now servicing Kyle's cock with nothing but her plump lips, carefully guiding his erect member into her mouth as she bobbed back and forth. On her hands and knees now, Trisha was still facing Kyle, watching and feeling him jut his shaft in and out of her mouth. But she knew what Eric wanted, and now her body tingled with excitement. He was still gently tugging at her, moving her into the right position. And then, finally, she felt something hard and smooth pressed up between her thighs. 

 Oooh YES!!Trisha was still obediently sucking on Kyle's dick, but her entire body was radiating with anticipation, with eager desire. The cheerleader was so flushed with lust that she thought she would explode; her pussy had been teased and filled for so long by that dildo that she was dying to be stuffed again. Ohh...there's only one thing better than a dildo, and that's a big, hard cock!Trisha felt her hips wiggling, her back arching sharply, waiting impatiently for the feeling of being filled. Even as she sucked Kyle's cock, her body was straining backwards, trying desperately to guide that hard shaft into her twat, the shaft that she could just barely feel, pressing against her tender mound. 

 Eric wasn't moving. His hands were firm on Trisha's butt, holding her steady for him to plunge into, but for a moment he was just staring down. He was taking in the sight of the young cheerleader, on her hands and knees, slurping down a cock as she rocked back and forth, her slim hips dancing in impatience, her slender curves on display as she stretched out on the grass. 

 Trisha's blowjob had grown sloppy in all her excitement, and now her drool was spilling down her chin.. But the eighteen-year-old heard Kyle's voice clearly above her: 

 "Put it in, man," he said. He was talking to Eric. "Fuck her...I want to see this little girl get double-teamed," 

 "Oh fuck yeah..." Eric groaned, and now Trisha's entire body jolted and stiffened as she felt him slowly begin to press into her. Her young pussy was very tight, but she was dripping wet with lust, and he eased smoothly into her soft cunt. 

 Ohhhhh!!! 

 "Uhhh..." he moaned, and Trisha did too, her voice muffled as she closed her eyes, savoring the feeling of being filled once more. Only this time, it wasn't just a piece of plastic, but a hot, thick cock, pulsing and throbbing with lust for her, ready to ravish her perky body. Eric's dick was sating her lust, filling and stuffing her full. Just what I wanted...just what I needed! 

 All around the football field, there was the sound of the high school band, of people cheering and laughing. The afternoon sun was bright overhead, illuminating balloons as they floated up and graduation caps tossed into the air. Spread out in front of the stage was the entire senior class of Eisenhower High, with all their families, their teachers and friends and relatives, talking and celebrating and taking pictures. But just behind the stage in the shaded grass, two cheerleaders were on their knees servicing a group of strangers. One girl was thrusting a cock between her lips, massaging her own massive tits as she did it, pulling her curly blonde hair out of her face, winking up at the stranger as she bathed his meat. And the other one was on her hands and knees, whimpering and moaning as she rocked back and forth between two strangers, taking a hard cock in front and in back. Kyle was sliding between her plump, drooling lips, muffling her moans and stretching her jaw as she slurped him down. And Eric was pumping her cunt, spearing between her slender legs, each thrust sending her swaying on the grass. 

 "Ohh fuck..." Eric groaned as he worked Trisha's twat. "She's fucking soaking man...she's so wet..." The petite cheerleader could feel his hips plowing into hers, driving his shaft deep into her pussy, sending jolt after jolt of pleasure reeling through her little body. Each pound by his cock sent a thrilled, delighted feeling deeper and deeper into her chest, making her whimper and moan desperately in pleasure. Trisha stared up at Kyle, her eyes big and eager with desire as he plunged into her mouth. 

 "Oh fuck...she looks so hot..." He was staring back down into her sweet brown eyes as she looked up, watching her cheeks pucker and dimple as she slurped him down, watching his cock plunge into her mouth. The eighteen-year-old was using only her lips to bathe his shaft, keeping both hands planted in the grass, guiding him smoothly between her soft lips as her slobber dribbled down her chin. "God damn, she is hot..." 

 "Yeah...wow, that looks nice." Now, the fourth man, standing next to Britney, was looking over, watching Trisha whimper and squirm in between his two friends. The young cheerleader's figure was perfectly on display in her little pink dress; her perky tits straining against the tight material, dancing slightly as she rocked, sloping out of her tiny waist. Her eyes were wide and eager, and her graduation cap, still perched atop her head, was sliding back and forth as she moaned. Her gently curved hips were thrust in the air for Eric to grab hold and pump, the skirt of her dress hitched up over her asscheeks. Eric was straddling Trisha's bare legs, and now, as he looked on, the fourth man could see Trisha's little feet peeking out from between Eric's knees, bouncing in her heels on the grass as she swung back and forth, letting two cocks plunge into her tight body. 

 "Come on, you slut, I want some of that too," the fourth man said now, grabbing hold of Britney's hips and forcing the blonde to scoot back. 

 He savagely yanked Britney towards him on the grass, so fiercely that for a second the blonde lost her balance, her hands wildly flailing and her knees dragging through the dirt as he pulled her backwards, But Britney only moaned in response, quickly scooting into position just like Trisha, thrusting her ass into the air, placing her hands on the ground, offering herself doggy-style. Now, even as she continued to gulp down Stan's cock, she reached back and yanked up her own skirt, bunching it impatiently around her waist, tugging her own thong down to her thighs. Her massive tits bounced as she slurped, her legs spread wide. Her long, curly blonde hair dangled across her shoulders, flopping slightly back and forth as she pumped Stan's cock into her mouth, gurgling and moaning. Tightening his hands around the blonde's hips, he gently sank his cock into her pink twat. 

 "Mmmm!" Britney's groan was muffled by Stan's shaft, but it was unmistakable, and the blonde's long, smooth legs twitched in pleasure as she took his meat into her pussy. The stranger groaned too, feeling her teenage twat engulf his cock, a soft warm sheath around his hard dick, wrapped tight as he slid into her. 

 "Hell yeah, Kenny!" Trisha heard Eric whoop, laughing as he grinded his hips into the petite brunette. Now both cheerleaders were doubled-teamed, stretched out on their hands and knees on the field, in the summer sun, rocking back and forth as four strangers ravished their young bodies. Trisha could feel Eric's fingers slide off her butt, down around the insides of her slim, spread thighs. Ooh yes!He was trying to get even better leverage; he wanted to fuck Trisha even harder. The cheerleader felt his fingers tighten on her legs, and then his hips began to pump hard into her, grabbing hold of her tight body and powerfully slamming his shaft into her twat. 

 "Mmfff!!" Trisha let out a muffled whimper, her mouth stuffed full with cock, and her eyes widened with pleasure as Eric began to roughly drill her cunt, holding onto the dainty cheerleader's hips as he put all his weight into pounding her. Yes...yes!!He was so strong and hard, violating her young body, fiercely punishing her tender twat. 

 Kyle reached down and wrapped his hands around the back of Trisha's head, burying his fingers in the cheerleader's soft brown hair. Eric's hard, fierce thrusts were sending the eighteen-year-old reeling forward in abrupt jolts, so that her head jerked forward and her lips skimmed down his shaft. He was lost in the sight of her sweet face slurping down his dick, and now, with a sneer, he pressed his hips hungrily into her. The brunette gurgled and sputtered, but she managed to take his meat, and the stagehand let out a loud groan as his shaft slid down her throat, his balls pressed against her chin, her nose squashed into his pubes. 

 "FUCK yeah!" he yelled out, and now, as if prompted by his friend's roughness, he began to violently pump his cock into Trisha's lips, his hands tightening around her head, slamming his meat into the cheerleader's mouth with all his energy. Trisha's body jolted in response as he drilled her face, and she felt her chest convulsing as she choked on his meat, spearing too deep and too fast into her unprepared mouth. But Kyle was vicious; he was yanking Trisha's head back and forth even as he thrust his hips into her, forcing the eighteen-year- old to slurp down his meat even as she gagged and coughed. The brunette's vision spun as her head rocked up and down, and now the vicious motion sent her graduation cap ajar, and the cheerleader gasped as it toppled forward, sliding down her forehead and over her eyes. 

 Blinded now, Trisha was left to do nothing but feel the two men roughly ravish her, each one tightly gripping her young body and holding her steady while they pumped her. Eric's hands were hard and firm around her soft thighs, yanking her hips back to meet his as he fiercely plunged into her, working the cheerleader's cunt hard, powering his cock so deep that Trisha thought she could feel him prodding between her ribs. And Kyle's hands were locked around her head, jerking her back and forth like she was a rag doll as he shoved his shaft between her drooling lips. 

 And even as Trisha choked and sputtered, even as her body was pulled and yanked back and forth, every inch of her radiated with carnal pleasure. They're abusing me...mistreating me...they're taking advantage of my little body! Ohhh...they're using me just like a dirty slut deserves!She couldn't see a thing, but Trisha knew that Britney was right next to her, taking the same hard treatment, that the tall blonde was eagerly rocking back and forth as two cocks plunged into her. 

 "Uhhh! Yeah!" Kyle groaned as he stared down at the dainty brunette, her hair flopping across her slim, arched back, her graduation cap still perched on her head but now ajar, the tip bouncing on the bridge of the cheerleader's nose as he yanked her head back and forth, covering her eyes so that all he could see was her soft mouth, slurping and gurgling as he thrust his meat between her lips. Trisha could feel Eric's balls pressing against her as he drilled into her pussy, filling her so deep with thick meat. She could feel the hot, throbbing lust in each of their cocks, pulsing in her cunt and her mouth, thumping in her body as they ravished her. They were fucking her together now, plunging their shafts into the petite cheerleader in rhythm, and now Trisha relished taking one cock down her throat while another one powered balls-deep into her twat. 

 "How's she feel, man?" Trisha heard Kenny say, his breathing harsh as he grinded into Britney. 

 "Oh fuck..." Eric's reply came back just as breathless, panting from the effort of driving his cock into Trisha's little body. "Her snatch is so tight, man...she's like a fucking glove! How's your bitch?" Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 19 ****** byHiddenDevil_© "So fucking good...you should feel these tits! Unbelievable...damn, man..." 

 "Yeah...I saw that blonde before the ceremony...what a fucking body..." 

 Kenny laughed. "Yeah, but check out your whore...so little and tight...she looks so good getting pounded!" 

 Trisha let out another gurgled whimper. We're both so nasty!Just a few minutes earlier, the two cheerleaders were sitting on stage as they graduated; now they were just behind it, being roughly ravished. Britney was tall and busty and gorgeous enough to be a glamour model – but here she was, on her hands and knees in the dirt, taking a stranger's dick in her cunt, sucking someone off even as she fucked. And Trisha looked so young and cute and sweet; a dainty, perky brunette with an angelic smile and soft brown eyes. Now she had a cock thrust down her throat and slobber dribbling down her chin, her pussy stuffed to the brim with a throbbing, thick shaft. No one would guess it just by looking at us, but we're a pair of dirty, filthy, naughty whores! 

 "Hey...hey Eric..." Kenny panted a few seconds later, sounding eager. He had an idea. "Want to switch?" 

 Still able to see nothing but black, Trisha heard Eric burst out laughing above her. "Fuck yeah, man!" 

 And then, without another word, she felt his hands leave her spread thighs, and then his shaft slid out of her swollen twat, leaving her empty and tender. She heard rustling behind her, and then a second later, another pair of hands was roughly grabbing her slim legs, pulling them even further apart. The cheerleader let out a muffled squeal. It felt so nasty and thrilling to feel a different man grabbing at her hips, to know that a brand new cock was ready to plunge into her little body. They're trading off me and Britney...like we're pieces of meat, just two twats to try out!Eagerly, Trisha arched her back and thrust her ass in the air, offering herself to him. They're treating us like worthless sluts! Just a pair of whores to be used and abused, however they want! 

 Trisha still couldn't see a thing, but she heard a wild, muffled groan from next to her, and she knew that Eric had just plunged his cock into Britney, that the tall blonde was now taking two dicks once more, moaning in pleasure as they double-teamed the head cheerleader. Ohhh...Now the eighteen-year-old eagerly scooted her butt further back into the hands groping her, straining for him, desperate for the same treatment. 

 "Holy shit..." she heard Eric groan. "You were right man...this bitch's body is...fucking unbelievable!" 

 "Yeah..." Kenny was saying now, his fingers sliding up and down Trisha's dainty thighs, watching the petite brunette wriggle in his hands. "Man...this little girl is fine too...I can't believe she's old enough to be graduating..." 

 Now, Trisha felt one hand slide around the inside of her left thigh and effortlessly hoist it up sideways, spreading her legs apart. Her foot was dangling in the air now as he cradled her leg in his elbow, leaving his hips spread and ready for him. And then, a second later, she felt his hips press against hers, and his thick, throbbing hot shaft plunged into her swollen twat, easily sliding into her soaked canal. 

 "Ohhhh fuck..." she heard Kenny groan, and the cheerleader's body jolted rigid with the pleasure of taking his meat, of hearing him moan out loud in lust for her young body. It took only a few seconds before he was eagerly bucking into her twat, just like Eric. The feeling of her tight pussy, warm and sheathing his cock, was too much for him, and now he was ferociously pounding her, slamming his hips into hers. 

 Trisha was balanced on one knee now, the other leg flopping sideways in the air as Kenny spread her thighs, rocking her back and forth, plowing his cock deep into her young body. Once again the little cheerleader was being ravished and violated by two dicks, slurping down one shaft and taking another deep in her twat. Trisha and Britney had just been traded. 

 We're just here for their pleasure.... Just two nasty whores to be fucked...two cum dumps ready for a deposit! Ooh...I don't care whose cock is in my pussy...all I care is that I get pounded and pumped, that I get the punishment I deserve!She could feel his pulsing meat deep in her twat as he drilled her again and again. 

 "Oh...oh shit..." Kenny was moaning now. "God...she's so fucking tight...this pussy is so fucking good..." 

 Trisha could feel his fingers tightening around her slim thighs as he yanked her back and forth, driving his meat balls-deep in her cunt. She could feel his hips working hard, putting all his muscle into ravishing the dainty cheerleader, plowing into her as hard as he could. He was still holding onto her one leg, spreading it in the air, and his strength sent it swinging wildly back and forth. 

 "Fuck...fuck...this slut is so tight...oh my God..." 

 The petite brunette could hear the other men laughing at Kenny's frenzied panting. "Yeah..." Eric said now. "She's got a nice pussy, doesn't she?" 

 "Oh...no...I really mean it..." Kenny moaned, his voice strained and desperate. "She's so tight...ahhh God...ahhh...I'm gonna cum!" 

 Trisha's eyes were still hidden under her crooked graduation cap, but now they grew wide and sparkling with excitement, delighted at Kenny's words. Yes! Yes, please!She wanted to wail it out loud, but her mouth was muffled and stuffed with Kyle's cock. Ohhh yes, please, please...I want that cum! I want to feel him throbbing and spurting in my cunt...I want to feel his load flooding my twat...ohhh please! Please!The cheerleader's entire body was trembling in anticipation now, ready and waiting for his cum. 

 "Wait!" Kyle suddenly shouted. "Wait, I want to feel her pussy too! No sloppy seconds, man!" 

 "Oh fuck..." Kenny groaned back. "I can't hold it, man...she's so fucking good..." 

 "Ahhhh!!!" Finally, at the last second, Kenny slid his dick out of Trisha's cunt. He let go of the cheerleader's leg, letting it flop to the ground. It was barely in time, and a second later, Trisha could feel a long rope of something thick and wet spraying over her butt; Kenny was spurting his cum on her ass. 

 "Ahhh...fuck...fuck..." he was groaning, over and over, lost in the throes of his orgasm. It must have been an extra big load, because Trisha suddenly felt a stream splatter not only onto her butt cheeks, but also onto her arched back, soaking through the fabric of her hitched-up dress, staining the light pink material with his seed. More cum was coming, and again Trisha felt another spurt firing a long line over the slopes of her ass and onto her back. She could feel his hot spunk dribbling across her buttcheeks, more spurts soaking into the back of her lovely dress. The other three men were laughing; Kenny was shaming the young cheerleader, showering her with his cum. 

 But even as Trisha listened to them laughing, even as she felt the thick cum dribble all over her, her chest was sinking in disappointment. She loved the feeling of a cock throbbing in her pussy so much, of cum spurting through his shaft and into her young twat; but now her cunt was completely empty. All that wasted cum...splattered on my back instead of deep inside of me! 

 Suddenly, Trisha felt her graduation cap being wrenched off her head and tossed on the ground. Blinking now, letting her eyes get used to the sun again, the cheerleader looked up to see Kyle grinning down at her, his eyes hungry with lust, his entire body tense and ready with desire for her. He wanted to see her big, sweet puppy-dog eyes as he plowed his cock into her mouth. He was staring ravenously down at the petite brunette, still on her hands and knees, her arched butt in the air and coated with thick white streaks of cum; her cute dress now covered in stained streaks from Kenny's wild orgasm. Trisha was staring up at him with such a cute, pleading expression as she slurped on his cock, and now he couldn't take it anymore. 

 Without warning, Kyle frantically rose to his feet, pulling his dick out of Trisha's lips with a sloppy pop, leaving the cheerleader's mouth still open and a stream of her drool trickling onto the grass below. Kyle's face was red and wild with lust, looking more like an animal than a man, savagely pushing his friend out of the way. He had just seen two other men plunge their cocks into the whimpering, squirming cheerleader, and now he was throbbing and painfully hard with the need to do the same, ready to feel if the little brunette's pussy was as soft and tight as they had said. Trisha's eyes widened even more with eagerness as she watched Kyle, and now she squealed as he grabbed her petite body, his hands running over her smooth thighs and her plump tits. She felt him tugging the shoulder straps of her dress down, ferociously yanking the fabric off her little body, so fast that it seemed he had four hands instead of two. In a matter of seconds he was lifting Trisha's knees one by one off the ground, jerking the pink dress off her legs, untangling it from her feet and discarding it in a ball on the grass. He began to fumble with her bra strap, but only a second later he gave up and ripped it in two, and Trisha gasped and winced at the snap of it breaking. Oh my God...he's like an animal! 

 The petite cheerleader was naked in front of him now, the dainty curves that were bundled up in her tight dress now fully on display; her perky tits plump and round, her little pink nipples stiff in the afternoon air. The eighteen- year-old was still on her hands and knees, and now her red, soaked pussy stared up at Kyle as she thrust her ass into the air, offering herself to him, inviting him in. 

 A wide, sneering grin spread across Kyle's face. He took only a few more seconds to take in the sight of the petite cheerleader, spread out in front of him, and then he pounced. Trisha yelped and gasped as she felt both of his hands on her shoulders, pressing her down, and instantly she collapsed under his strength, her perky chest shoved into the grass. She had just enough time to turn her face to the right before her head plowed into the grass too, and now she felt the cool dirt against her cheek as Kyle's hands drove her into the ground. The little cheerleader was now face down and ass up, shamefully forced into position for Kyle, and the stagehand moaned out his pleasure as he slowly eased his hot shaft into her soft pussy, relishing every inch. 

 "Oooohh..." Trisha whimpered now, her body squirming with the feeling of taking her third cock of the afternoon, her shoulders wriggling under Kyle's vice-like force. The dainty brunette's hair was spilled out across the football field, her tits shoved into the grass, her cheek sullied with dirt. Her slim back was sharply arched, as Kyle shoved her head into the ground, keeping her butt raised as he eagerly plowed his shaft into her. Thrust after thrust, each pump made Trisha cry out in pleasure. 

 Now that her face was forced sideways, Trisha was staring right at Britney, and her brown eyes widened at the sight of her friend, still on her hands and knees, sandwiched and double-teamed by two strangers. Her long legs were now spread widely on the grass, looking smooth and sleek; her sunny blonde hair cascading over her back like a curtain. Eric had yanked open the head cheerleader's dress, and now his hands were hungrily running all over Britney's gorgeous, double-D tits, groping them in two big handfuls, feeling them dance along with her body as he rocked her back and forth with his cock. Stan had his eyes closed and his hips jutted out, groaning in rhythm, as Britney eagerly slurped down his meat, one hand wrapped around his shaft as she plunged him all the way into her mouth. Now, Trisha watched in admiration as the blonde pressed her soft lips all the way against Stan's crotch, his entire dick disappeared between her cheeks. A second later, Britney's little tongue poked out, tonguing his balls as she deep-throated him, and Stan groaned out loudly in response. 

 God...she looks so nasty!Trisha stared eagerly at the sight of Britney, happily choking down a hot cock, taking another one deep in her cunt while she moaned. Eric's hands were running all over her tits as he fucked her, squeezing and massaging. He can't get enough of her body...he can't believe he gets to pound such a gorgeous blonde! Britney's such a slut!Now, Trisha let out a yelp as Kyle plunged extra-hard into her tight cunt, his force driving the petite cheerleader even harder into the ground. And so am I!Trisha couldn't stop thinking about how filthy the scene was: two high school seniors, getting gang- banged right out in the open, in broad daylight on the football field, while every single one of their classmates were happily chatting only a short distance away. 

 Two naughty sluts, getting ravished and pounded on our own graduation day! As soon as everyone else got off the stage, they wanted to celebrate with their family and all their friends. But all I could think about was finding a thick cock to shove into my pussy...all I wanted was to get pumped and pounded and abused like a little whore!Trisha looked back at Britney; the blonde had slid the cock back out of her mouth, and now her friend was visibly gasping for air, catching her breath after choking on Stan's cock for so long. Ohh...she's so nasty! 

 "Uhh!" Suddenly, Trisha felt Kyle's fingers closing around her long brown hair, gathering all of it up into a single handful. Then, in the next instant, Trisha squealed as she felt him yanking up, pulling her head up by her hair, forcing the cheerleader to sharply arch her young body on the grass as he drilled her pussy. Pain seared through her neck, but Trisha only shuddered with pleasure at his roughness. 

 "Yes! Ooh!...oh!...more!" Trisha was suddenly yelping out loud. "Pull my hair! Take me! Pound me!" The words tumbled from her mouth like a waterfall, her desire spilling out of her trembling body. 

 "Yeah!" Kyle shouted back, breathless. "Take it, you whore!" 

 His fingers tight as a fist in her hair, he shoved her head forward, and the cheerleader shouted in shock as she was plowed face first into the grass, too surprised this time to react. 

 "Oh FUCK yeah!" Kyle whooped. He was grinning down at the young brunette, staring at her petite body, watching his cock disappear into her tight, soft twat, the third cock to stuff the little eighteen-year-old. "Take it, you dirty bitch! You fucking slut!" 

 Trisha could feel Kyle's hand on the back of her head, his other on her back, forcing her down against the ground, mashing and shoving her face into the dirt as he plowed his cock into her. She could feel the cool grass against her nose and flushed cheeks, her shoulder blades thrust painfully into the ground. She could taste dirt in her mouth, bitter and gritty. He was so roughly abusing the young cheerleader, treating her so badly even as she willingly offered her tight pussy to him. Now, she could hear his friends laughing at her, watching as she was shoved face-first into the dirt. 

 "Fuck yeah, Kyle! Use that little bitch! " 

 "Ah ha ha! Make her lick up dirt while you fuck her!" 

 Ooh! Trisha couldn't speak with her face buried in the grass, but she drank in their words. I'm being violated, dominated, mistreated...like a nasty slut! Like a worthless whore! Like I'm nothing but a pussy to fuck, nothing but a dirty cum dump!Trisha was relishing Kyle's strength, coursing through him as he jammed her into the ground, taking her pussy so viciously, slamming his cock deep and hard into the helpless brunette. Shoving my face into the ground, pulling my head back and forth like a rag doll...oh he's so rough!The cheerleader was wild with lust, her body flushed and glowing with pleasure. Each thought rushing through her head sent a jolt of desire through the brunette, loving the abuse she was taking, loving how hard Kyle was pounding her young body. This is where I belong! She told herself now. On my knees, naked and pinned down, with my face in the dirt and my pussy full of cock! This is what a filthy, cum-hungry slut deserves!Wild and thrilled with lust, Trisha suddenly began to thrust her hips against Kyle's, working his hard cock as fast as she could, desperate to take his full length, to feel him yank and push her. 

 "Ohh...oh holy shit..." Kyle groaned, watching the petite cheerleader milk his dick as she hungrily pumped against him, bucking with all her might. The brunette felt his fingers tightening in her hair, his hands pushing even harder, shoving her deeper into the grass, squashing her nose in the soil. Ohhh YES!Trisha responded by thrusting her slim hips extra fast, taking his cock balls-deep in her cunt, shuddering with pleasure. The faster she bucked and plowed into his hips, the harder he would shove her into the ground, the more he would abuse her as he plunged his stiff meat again and again into her little pussy. And she wanted even more. 

 "Yes...yes..." Kyle's voice was growing harsher and louder with pleasure as Trisha eagerly took his cock, thrusting wildly in lust, her dainty body shuddering and squirming with the impact of his rod buried in her twat. Her hands were now two little claws, her fingernails digging into the soil. Her legs were taut and straining as she bucked against Kyle's cock, her back stiff and curved. 

 "Ahh...ahhhh!! Fuck!!" 

 The cheerleader could hear the pleasure growing in Kyle's voice, and it made her own body course with hot desire, flooding through her. She was being so filthy, eagerly slamming her little butt into his hips, taking his hard cock even as he violently pushed her into the ground. Yess...abuse me...punish me...treat me like a dirty whore! 

 "F-fuck!" Now Kyle's voice was starting to crack, and Trisha could hear him huffing and puffing between his words. "Oh fuck... s-slow down...holy shit!!" 

 An eager wave of pride and lust burst through the young brunette. Kyle was the one dominating her, roughly pinning her down, forcing her to eat dirt while he plowed his cock into her pussy. But now he was begging her; he was pleading for her to work his shaft slower. The pleasure of her tight cunt was too much for him, the sight of the little cheerleader bucking and writhing in lust even as he held her down was too much to handle. 

 "Wait...ahh...ahhh!!" 

 But each protest only made Trisha thrust against him even harder; every word flushed the brunette with eager lust, making her want his cock more. She could feel him, rock-hard and throbbing hot with lust now, deep and hard in her pussy, filling her young body to the hilt, stuffing her soft cunt. Now there was only one thought in the cheerleader's mind; only one thing that she wanted. She was being violated and ravished, servicing her third man of the day, and now she knew what would be the perfect ending to all of it. His cum...I want it in my pussy! I want to feel him spurt inside of me!Trisha could feel her entire body tingling, every inch of her on edge with anticipation. I won't be nasty enough until I take his load! I'm not a cock-hungry, cum-starved, dirty little slut unless my pussy is full of a stranger's jism! 

 And suddenly, Trisha's body went wild with lust. The perky cheerleader's slim hips were a blur against Kyle, driving his cock so deep and so hard into her own cunt, eagerly bucking against him like her life depended on it. Her chest heaved as she panted with the effort, working his shaft, filling herself again and again. And then Trisha heard a groan that made every inch of her thrill with joy. 

 "Ohhh...I...ah...I can't hold it!!" 

 Ohhh!!!Suddenly, Trisha wrenched her head back up out of the dirt, and she screamed out a wild reply at the top of her lungs. "YESS! Cum in me!!! Cum, now! Please!!" Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** Good Girl vs. Slut Ch. 19 ****** byHiddenDevil_© And he did. With a wild, ragged groan, Kyle jammed his hips as hard as he could into the little cheerleader, and Trisha screamed out in pleasure as she felt his force, driving his cock savagely hard into her pussy. She was stuffed so tightly that she could feel each pulse in his rock-hard cock, every beat of the blood coursing through his hot shaft, of his lust for her sweet, young body. Now, the brunette felt his cock pumping even more, swelling and throbbing inside of her, and in the next second Trisha felt his cum erupt out of his shaft, flooding her twat, pumping his seed into her. Her eyes opened wide and the cheerleader's face burst into joy as she cried out in pleasure. 

 "YESSSSS!!!!" She shoved her own hips into Kyle's, wanting to bury every last bit of his cock in her pussy, desperate to feel his cum spurt from balls to tip into her cunt. Pulse after pulse, shot after shot, Kyle was filling Trisha's petite body with his jism, each burst so hot and thick in her twat. Every jet of his seed made her skin tingle like it was on fire. She could feel his hand on the back of her head, her hair tangled and bunched in his fingers, his hips jammed hard against hers. Ohhhhh yesss!!! 

 And Trisha could feel every drop of cum inside of her, warmly flooding her pussy, filling her up with his jism. His cock throbbed and swelled each time it shot another jet in her cunt, and every spurt made the cheerleader shudder and thrill with pleasure, happily accepting a stranger's load. Ohhhh!! 

 The young brunette's body was tensing, her arms rigid and her back stiff and arched, her legs wobbling in the grass. She could feel the heat flooding through the rest of the body, accompanied by a fierce wave of pleasure that made her shudder violently. Trisha felt her lust building deep inside of her, spreading through her trembling limbs, wracking her with jolt after jolt of carnal desire. Now, she closed her eyes, and all she could feel was Kyle's cock, so thick and hot in her tight pussy, so deep in her little body, filling and stuffing her, throbbing with shot after shot of jism just for her. A hard cock for a nasty young cheerleader...a fresh batch of cum for a dirty girl!Trisha could feel every inch of her twitching and quivering with pleasure. She could feel her chest heaving, her lips parting as her lust burst out of her. A complete stranger's dick, just for me...for a naughty little whore...for a filthy, nasty, shameless, cum-starved SLUT! 

 "AHHHHHH!!!" A wild, ragged scream escaped the petite brunette's heaving chest, her mouth open wide, her face twitching and her cheeks flushed red with pleasure. Trisha's mind went blank as her orgasm washed over her, her pussy convulsing on the throbbing cock, her body shaking and trembling as she writhed in pleasure. Her perky tits danced back and forth as she panted, pausing only to let out scream after desperate scream of lust, lost in her climax. 

 "OHHHH!!! YESSSS!!!! OHHHHHH!!!" 

 "Holy...shit..." Kyle gasped as he stared down at Trisha. The naked, petite brunette was quivering and shaking in the grass, still on her hands and knees, her dainty little body flushed with pleasure. Her screams were uncontrolled and ear-splittingly loud; the cheerleader was so deep in her lust that she had completely forgotten where she was. For several long moments, Trisha's body stayed tense and rigid, ravished by wave after wave of fierce pleasure, her pussy wracked by thick spasms that pulsed through every inch of her young body. At last, the eighteen-year-old felt her orgasm calming, and instantly she drooped onto the field, struggling to recover from her climax. Ooh...wow! 

 But now that her screams had died down, Trisha realized that someone else was shouting. "Ahh...Fuck...FUCK!" 

 The cheerleader turned to see that Eric's grip had tightened around Britney's slender waist and that his shaft was buried completely in the blonde, his balls pressed against her squirming hips. He was shuddering violently, and the head cheerleader let out a loud, muffled moan of pleasure. Trisha suddenly realized that Eric was cumming too, that Britney was enjoying the same feeling of hot jism flooding her pussy. And then, only a second later, Stan was groaning, and he was shoving his meat deep into the blonde's mouth. The two were orgasming inside Britney together, filling the head cheerleader up with their cum, shooting their loads down her throat and deep into her twat. Trisha was still panting, her mind still putty, but even so she watched her friend groan and whimper between the two men, accepting their cum with an eager, glistening look in her eyes. Finally, when they had finished depositing their loads in her, they sagged away, gasping and panting, leaving Britney still in her doggy-style position, flushed and red with pleasure. The head cheerleader turned and her eyes met Trisha's. 

 Trisha felt a grin spread across her face, and Britney quickly returned it. The two cheerleaders were staring happily at each other, enjoying the sight of the other girl, stretched out on the grass, recovering from a hard gang-bang. The tall, stunning blonde and the perky little brunette were both on their hands and knees, ravished and naked. Trisha's eyes glittered as she smiled at her friend. The dainty cheerleader's chin was sticky with drool, her knees and palms stained green from thrusting back and forth on the grass for so long. She glanced down and suddenly saw her dildo, left behind by Eric on the ground, between her legs. I just...masturbated during my own graduation! I got fucked by three strangers barely five minutes after I accepted my high school diploma...before I had even finished taking off my robe! Trisha imagined Eric absentmindedly tossing the dildo on the grass, forgetting it completely, staring only at her young, pink pussy, thinking only about sinking his throbbing cock into her. And he was only the first of three strangers to work my twat...each one taking their turn, using and abusing me! 

 Now, Trisha sat up and picked up the dildo, grinning to herself as she realized it was still vibrating. And I loved every minute of it! I couldn't wait to cum on a stranger's cock...I'm a dirty slut!She turned her head now to see that Britney was licking her lips, making sure she had gotten every drop of Stan's cum. Both of us are...so nasty that we couldn't wait to get off-stage just to find some guys to pump us hard! With our friends only on the other side...with our parents waiting... 

 ...My parents!The cheerleader suddenly gasped. I totally forgot about them! They must have been wandering around the entire time, looking for her, waiting to congratulate her. And the longer they look, the more likely they'll come around back and... 

 Right on cue, Trisha suddenly heard footstep just on the other side of the stage, and then a voice – unmistakably her mother's. She was shouting, apparently trying to be heard over the rest of the families on the field. 

 "I can't imagine where Trisha could be...I feel like we've walked across the entire field by now!" 

 Like a bolt, the cheerleader leapt to her feet, her perky curves still on display. She hurriedly looked around for her clothes. Her graduation robe was right in front of her; her pretty pink dress was a in a tangled heap several feet away. 

 "Well...let's slip behind the stage and try her cell phone. I couldn't hear a thing before...not when we were in the middle of all the other families!" 

 Trisha was midstep towards her dress, but frantically she changed her mind. There's no time!!Instead, the cheerleader snatched up her graduation robe, leaving her dress and bra discarded on the field. She already started around the stage, throwing the baggy gown over her naked body, hurrying through the grass. The brunette had just barely rounded the corner when she bumped into her parents. 

 "Oh! I'm sorry, I – Trisha!" 

 The cheerleader gave a nervous, breathy laugh. "Hi mom!" 

 Her mother laughed too. "Trisha, where in the world have you been? We've been looking all over for you!" 

 Trisha nodded, smiling sweetly up at her parents, doing her best to act normal. Her mind whirled as she thought of a good answer. "Oh...yeah, I was looking for you too! But, um...I had to run to the bathroom after the ceremony. I guess I had too much water!" 

 Her parents laughed. "Well, at least we finally found you. Now we can get out of this sun! Let's duck behind the stage, okay?" 

 Trisha's eyes widened in fright. Britney was right behind her, still panting and recovering. Her parents would see her pretty dress, heaped in the grass and stained with cum. They would see those four men, the strangers who had just ravished and abused their sweet little daughter. 

 "U-um...wait!" Trisha gasped, just as her mother began to work forward. "Why...why don't we just head for the gym? I um...I was going to meet Mandy there!" 

 "Oh..." her mother paused, then shrugged. "Well, all right." 

 Whew! Close one!The petite cheerleader hurried after her parents, who were now walking in the other direction, across the field. Her mother turned and examined the little brunette as she caught up with them. 

 "Trisha, dear, you don't have to keep that big robe on anymore, you know. Most of the other students have taken them off. You must be burning up in there." And with that, her mother came forward, reaching out to help her daughter unzip the gown. 

 "Oh!" Trisha started, and quickly she clung the robe to her naked body, before her mother could reach the zipper, before she could reveal the cheerleader's bare, perky tits. "I...um...that's okay, mom! I kind of like it! You know...it makes me feel all grown up!" 

 Her mother looked confused for a second, but then she laughed and stepped back. "Well...if you say so, sweetie. I'm so proud of you!" 

 Trisha gave a sigh of relief. "Thanks, mom." 

 Her parents were both looking down at her, beaming with pride at their sweet, good little daughter. Then her father paused. "Trisha...where's your diploma?" 

 The cheerleader looked down now, at her one bare foot. Uh oh!She had already come up with two quick excuses, and now her mind went blank. 

 "I...um...I don't know..." Trisha said finally, and she quickly put a confused look on her face. "I...must have lost it!" 

 Her mother rolled her eyes. "Oh, Trisha!" She already had her lecturing tone in her voice. "I keep telling you over and over... you has got to be more aware! Now that you're out of high school, you need to start taking care of yourself." She looked Trisha firmly in the eye. 

 "There are plenty of people out there that would love to take advantage of a naïve young girl like you!" 

 Trisha looked back up at her mother, still clutching her dildo under her robe with one hand. As she listened, she savored the material of her graduation robe against her naked skin; the rest of her clothes scattered behind the stage, savagely ripped off her little body by Kyle before he plunged his cock into her pussy. She could feel the gown sticking to her butt, where Kenny's jism stains were still drying on her skin. She could still feel the hot, fresh load of cum in her tender cunt, now dribbling down one thigh in a sticky stream that made Trisha's skin tingle. The petite cheerleader had to stifle a giggle as she smiled. 

 "Thanks, mom...I'll keep an eye out for them!" Report_Story 