#1 

 

 ****** Heaven Ch. 01 ****** bysex4every1© Warning! The sex described in this story is extremely casual. There are also a lot of incestuous encounters. If any of this bothers you, I advise you to read another story. If not, enjoy! 

 ***** 

 Prologue 

 My name is Jamie McAlloway, I am 23 and I live in Heaven. If I lived anywhere else in the world, I'd probably have nothing interesting to tell you. The reason my home town is so special is because all inhabitants - ages 18 and up - are extremely open-minded when it comes to sex. And by open-minded, I mean, they have sex with anyone, anywhere, anytime. The only exception to that rule is keeping minors out of the loop. 

 With 1.832 inhabitants Heaven is a small, closed community; a little too closed for me, at one point. As I had always been very curious about the big world outside of our town, I had set out on a backpacking trip through the rest of the country about eight months ago. Pretty soon after leaving, however, I had come to realize how much I missed the whole casual sex thing, which prior to leaving, I had pretty much taken for granted. Outside of Heaven, there were a lot of unnecessary social conventions, designed to discourage the whole concept of casual sex. Not that I hadn't had sex during my time away from home, on the contrary: even in the - to Heaven's standards - uptight outside world, there was always a willing cock to be found for a non-unattractive girl, with extremely low standards, like myself. 

 When news of my sister's impending wedding - and the fact that I was to be maid of honor - reached me, I decided to head back as soon as possible. Because of our town's secluded nature, certain protocols had to be followed to avoid any unwanted attention. Heaven was in the middle of nowhere, surrounded in every direction by acres upon acres of farmland and woods, and was only accessible through a maze of rundown, muddy roads. It hadn't been easy for our town to achieve this kind of geographical isolation - and it was even more challenging to keep it that way - but you'd be surprised what inviting a few influential politicians to come and stay in your town can accomplish. Since Heaven was not on any public transportation route and walking there from the nearest town would take days, there was only one option: the bus from Heaven. We only had one bus line running through town, but we had over twenty busses. So, whenever someone wanted to leave - or in my case come back - one of those extra busses would be used.  

 Chapter_1 

 And so, there I was - on a deserted parking lot, in the middle of an industrial district - waiting for a bus, which, I had been informed would be there to pick me up at 4am. Precisely on time, one of Heaven's busses drove up the lot and stopped just a few meters away from me. 

 "Good morning," I said as I climbed the four steps towards the driver, carrying my backpack. 

 "Good morning, what's your name, love?" he asked, looking at the clipboard he had just placed on his lap. 

 "Jamie McAlloway." 

 "And what color ticket would you like, Jamie?" he asked, referring to the password I had been given earlier that day when I had checked in with my parents. 

 "Burgundy," I replied. 

 "Okay, welcome aboard," he said as he threw the clipboard back on the dashboard, revealing his large, meaty rod sticking out of his zipper. The engorged, purple tip suggested that he'd been jacking it for quite some time. 

 "Need any help with that?" I asked, pointing at his cock and putting my backpack down in anticipation of a positive answer. 

 "Oh, would you love? That would be great," he smiled. 

 "Sure," I said as I leaned over, wrapped my right hand around his big cock and started stroking him. 

 "My my," I whispered, "That is one fat cock you've got there!" 

 A dirty compliment usually goes a long way in speeding things up, especially when it's the truth; which in this case it was: the guy was hung like a fucking mule. He moaned and grunted as he looked down at my petite hand, now a blur on his cock. 

 "Oh fuck!" he grunted barely thirty seconds later - surprised by how fast I had made him cum - as several thick ropes of cum spurted out of his pulsating tip, splattering against his steering wheel and the dashboard. He roared deeply and loudly as I pumped and squeezed every drop of sperm out of his balls. When he was out of juice, I gently released my grip and wiped my hand - which had also received a generous coating of cum - off on my black skirt. 

 "Am I your only pickup?" I asked as I glanced at my hand, noticing that there was still a large amount of cum on it. 

 "No," he panted, his eyes still closed, "One more, around noon tomorrow." 

 "Any idea when we'll be in Heaven?" I asked as I wiped my hand off a second time, on my grey top this time. 

 "Noon the very next day, I reckon," he said as he started stuffing his cock back in his pants and opened his eyes, his gaze immediately drawn to the fresh cum smudge on my top. 

 "That'll give me a chance to catch up on some sleep," I said as I held out my top to get a better view of what he was looking at: a large smear of semi- transparent cock juice, just under my right tit. 

 "You do that," he smiled as he started fidgeting with the gps system, "There's food and water in the fridge and blankets in the overhead compartments, help yourself." 

 "I will, thanks," I said as I picked up my backpack and headed towards the back of the bus. 

 "Thanks for the handjob, sweet pea," he shouted as he got ready to drive off. 

 I smiled as I got comfy on the last row of the bus and closed my eyes. 

 I must have fallen asleep almost immediately, because the next thing I remember is waking up in the middle of a forest. At least, that's what it looked like: the bus was parked on a dirt road, surrounded by nothing but trees in every direction. Although the doors of the bus were open, there was no sign of the driver. I yawned and stretched lavishly for about half a minute and then looked at my watch: 11.23. No wonder I was getting hungry! 

 Figuring the driver had stepped out to take a leak or something, I stumbled over to the fridge and helped myself to a wrapped sandwich and a can of soda. Wanting some fresh air myself, I stepped down the bus stairs and glanced around. There he was, sitting on a log, facing away from the bus, with several sandwich wrappings and empty cans beside him: apparently, he'd been sitting there for a while. 

 As he heard me getting off the bus, he turned his head and said, "Hi." 

 "Hi," I replied as I walked up towards him, noticing that his right hand was loosely wrapped around his hard cock. 

 "Sleep well?" he asked as he continued masturbating. 

 "Yes I did," I replied as I sat down on a log opposite from him and put my feet wide apart, deliberately granting him a nice view of my cunt - I wasn't wearing any panties, "How long have we been here?" 

 "About an hour and a half," he said, staring between my legs and jacking off a little faster. 

 "And how long have you been doing that?" I asked as I undid the wrapping from my sandwich and looked at his cock, which was in desperate need of relief from the looks of it. 

 "About forty minutes, I didn't want to wake you, you looked so peaceful," he smiled. 

 "Well, I am awake now, how can I be of service?" I asked, taking a small bite. 

 He looked me straight in the eye and said bluntly, "First, by letting me stick my head between your legs." 

 "I can do that," I said casually as I took another bite. 

 "Then, I wanna spurt all over one of your feet and have you feed me my own cum, can you do that?" 

 "Mmmm," I nodded as my full mouth prevented me from speaking up. Judging from his detailed depiction of what he wanted, he had clearly been thinking about this for quite a while. 

 "Excellent," he grunted as he got up and stepped out of his pants and boxers, getting on his hands and knees in front of me. I briefly lifted my ass off the log and pulled my skirt up just a little bit. As I sat back down and took another bite from my sandwich, he put his head in between my legs and started lapping away like an overjoyed puppy. He licked and tongue fucked me for quite a while. 

 Holding my sandwich with my left hand, I used my right one to guide his head and really push it in there. I didn't derive a lot of physical pleasure from it, but then again that wasn't the objective; my role in this undertaking was simply to degrade him and help him get off. After generously soaking his face in my juices for several minutes, while finishing my sandwich, I was trying to open my soda can with just one hand, when I noticed he was getting ready to cum. I quickly undid my right shoe and held my bare foot under his big, throbbing cock. As he lifted his head up from between my legs, he grunted violently and looked down - with a glimmering face - at the tip of his own cock, spewing cum onto my foot and in between my toes. When he was done, I lifted my leg and pushed my cum-covered foot towards his face. 

 Without hesitation, he grabbed my ankle with his free hand and extended his tongue; slowly and deliberately, he started licking and slurping his own cum off my foot - twirling his tongue in between each of my toes. After passionately devouring all of his spunk, he even helped me put my shoe back on before heading back to the bus to clean himself up a little bit. 

 "So, it this the rendezvous point?" I asked when he returned a few minutes later. 

 "I think so," he replied, "It's hard to be sure, the gps was spectacularly unhelpful." 

 "No wonder," I thought to myself, "We're in the middle of nowhere." 

 After taking our garbage back on the bus with us - as not to leave any trace of our presence there - I returned to my seat and continued reading my book. About ten minutes later, slightly ahead of schedule, a black man stepped onto the bus, carrying nothing but a briefcase. 

 "Name?" the driver asked as he took his clipboard. 

 "John Miller," the young muscular man replied. 

 "And what color ticket would you like, John?" 

 "Medium turquoise." 

 "Ok, you're good, take a seat and we'll be on our way." 

 He took a quick look around before sitting down and smiled as he noticed me. As the bus took off, he started walking towards me while he unzipped his fly. 

 "Thank god, I wasn't expecting another passenger, especially not a woman," he said as he stepped out of his pants and boxers upon reaching the last row. Naked from the waist down, except for his shoes, he walked up to me and put one foot on the bench right next to me so that he could jerk his growing cock right in front of my face. 

 "You don't mind, do you?" he asked - mainly rhetorically - as he clenched his right hand around the base of his cock and used the other to stroke the upper half of it, aiming his big tip right at my nose. 

 I looked up at him and just smiled, as I put down my book, figuring that was answer enough. Judging from how horny and frustrated he looked, I knew this wasn't going to take up too much of my time. He really tugged at that poor, beautiful black cock and barely three minutes later, he violently came and shot multiple, fat ropes of gooey cum all over my face. 

 A large bump in the road caused him to topple forward briefly, pressing his spewing tip against my forehead in the process, leaving behind a big glob of highly localized spunk as he regained his balance. After trickling some final drops onto my top, he sagged down on the bench, right next to me, panting heavily. 

 "Thanks hon, I really needed that!" he grunted. 

 "The name is Jamie, Jamie McAlloway," I said as I took a tissue from my purse and started scooping his cum off my face. 

 "Little Jamie, now I remember you!" he said, his half-hard cock still oozing a little cum, "I am John Miller: my dad runs the hardware store up on Anteros drive." 

 "I thought I recognized you; so, you're old man Miller's son?" I recapped, using a second tissue to scoop up the big glob of spunk running down my forehead and the bridge of my nose. 

 "Nice to meet you," he smiled as he extended his hand. 

 "Same here," I said, shaking his hand briefly, before taking a third tissue and leaning over to him. After cleaning his cock head with it, I threw the tissue - along with the other two - on the floor. 

 As he relaxed in his seat, he started telling me about the store and how his father was getting too old for the job, counting on him to take over the family business. I turned towards him in my seat, my back against the side window and opened my legs, slowly sliding my right hand between my thighs. While he did most of the talking, I frivolously diddled my clit and played with my tits as he just looked on. I wasn't after an orgasm; I just wanted to masturbate in front of him. Eventually, he ran out of things to say and so I started doing most of the talking; I told him about my backpacking trip and how, although I had had a blast, I was really looking forward to seeing my family again. Especially because I was going to be a maid of honor. We talked for almost an hour - he turned out to be an excellent listener - as I played with myself on and off. When we ran out of things to talk about, he got up and put his clothes back on. 

 Before walking back to his seat - only a couple of rows in front of mine - he pointed at my exposed twat and asked, "Mind if I fuck that a little later on?" 

 "Not at all, that's what it's there for," I smiled as he turned and left. 

 "Later then," he said. Without someone to watch me play with myself, I quickly lost interest and so, after making myself presentable again, I continued reading my book. About two or three hours later, John got up and stretched out, glancing out the window for a second, then reached into his pants and whipped out his hard cock, stroking it absentmindedly for about half a minute; getting it nice and throbbingly hard. As he stepped out of his row and started taking off his clothes, I put down my book, realizing he was going to need somewhere to shove that black dick into. I took off my skirt and panties and reclined fully on the bench. As he walked up to my row, gently stroking his cock, I hung one leg over the bench on the row in front of me and stuck the other one straight up. He got on his knees on the bench between my legs and carefully inserted his dick into my willing twat. 

 When he was in, he started groping my tits, squeezing them and playing with my nipples through my top and bra as he established a rhythm; I put my hands above my head and pushed off against the side of the bus to prevent my head from slamming against it. After fucking me quite gently for a minute or two, he whispered, "Enough with the foreplay," and grabbed my legs, bending them towards me so that my knees were touching my rack. This allowed him to plunge his massive cock even deeper into my cunt, causing me to moan and squeal after each thrust. 

 "Oh god... oh god... oh fuck," I squealed as one of my hands instinctively went down between my legs, ready to wrap around his dick to stop him from going deeper should he begin to hurt me, but it wasn't necessary. John had an excellent grasp of just how deep and hard he could go without hurting me. As a result, several minutes into his torrid fucking, I had a wonderful orgasm - which actually lasted longer than most fucks I had had in the last couple of months. When my climax had subsided, he pulled out and sat down in the middle of the last row, whispering, "Sit on me." 

 I got up and straddled him, gently sliding my soaking wet pussy down on his pole. Energized from the glorious orgasm he'd just given me, I started bouncing up and down, grinding my cunt into him and - from what I could read off his face - bringing him great pleasure. After that, he turned me around, so I was facing the front of the bus, and I rode him for a bit in reverse cow-girl. Then, he bent me forward and with my hands on the floor of the bus isle, he fucked me from behind, hard and wild. 

 Right when I thought he was going to fill me up with his sperm, he pulled out and whispered, "Come and jack me off on the stairs." 

 "Okay," I whispered, slightly out of breath, as I followed him to the rear stair case. Standing in the isle, facing the stair case, he held onto a nearby seat as I pressed up against him and wrapped my hand around his pole. Pretty soon, my hand was a blur over his fat shaft. He groaned and grunted all throughout the handjob, his knees ready to give way at any moment as a result of his incessant trembling. I must admit that I was pretty anxious for the finale; seeing his white cum shoot out of his fat, throbbing cock and disappear into the black, dark abyss below, was going to be so fucking hot! As a result, I gave this handjob my everything and really stroked his fat tube as hard and as fast as I could. Finally, about two minutes later, he tensed up and started wailing like a little bitch. 

 As a first, big, powerful rope of cum erupted from his cock head, I grinned widely and said, "Oh fuck yeah!" as I kept jacking him off. It left his cock with such force that it splattered against the outside door on the bottom of the stair case. The next two ropes didn't quite make it that far, but they did a nice job of decorating the five steps leading down to the door. Then, it was just an endless volley of tiny cum drops, flying off into the darkness - and pretty much any other direction as well. Unavoidably, some of them also ended up on my hands, arms and my grey top. When his balls were finally empty, I quickly bent down and cleaned his tip with my tongue. 

 "Hey Jamie?" the driver suddenly called out, as John collapsed in the nearest seat. 

 "Yeah," I replied, looking up at him. 

 "If you're done with him, I could use some attention myself." 

 "What did you have in mind?" I asked, as I walked to the front of the bus. 

 "Just a quick fuck," he replied as he parked the bus on the side of the road. 

 "Where?" I asked as I continued walking up to the front of the bus. 

 "Right there will be fine hon," he replied as he got up and took out his cock. I sat down on my ass on the floor and slowly reclined, opening my legs. He got on his knees, grabbed my legs and positioned his hard cock against my pussy. Slowly he inserted himself and started fucking me, in a rather mechanical way. For several minutes, he slammed into me, with his eyes closed, occasionally groping my tits through my top and bra, and using some very offensive vocabulary to degrade me. After not even three minutes, he shuddered briefly - depositing his load deep within me - and dismounted me abruptly, got up and zipped himself back up, all without making a sound. 

 "Thanks hon," was all he said as he took the wheel again. 

 "So, how are we doing on time?" John asked ,while I got up and made my way back to my seat. 

 "We should reach Heaven somewhere in the morning, probably in time for breakfast," the driver replied. 

 "That's good," John said as he started putting his clothes back on. 

 "There's a nice little diner not far from here," the driver said, "If you guys want, it's the last chance to get a hot meal before Heaven." 

 "I wouldn't mind a hot meal," I replied as I put on my skirt. 

 "Same here," John replied. 

 "The diner it is then," the driver said as he started the bus and drove off. 

 About forty minutes later, we arrived at the diner and ordered ourselves a round of drinks as we looked over the menu; following the driver's recommendation we all had the cheeseburger with french fries. Shortly after dinner, the driver handed us his wallet and said, "Feel free to have a few more drinks, I am heading back to the bus to have a good wank and some shut-eye; I've got a dark, difficult drive ahead of me." 

 I leaned in and whispered, "My panties are still on the bus, underneath my seat; feel free to use 'm." 

 "I will," he said as he smiled and left the diner. 

 John and I had a few more drinks and we talked about all sorts of things. Once in a while, after making sure no one was looking, he would squeeze my boobs or tweak one of my nipples, just for fun. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Heaven Ch. 01 ****** bysex4every1© About an hour later, as we were getting ready to leave, two young girls with halter tops and jeans cut-offs walked in and headed straight for the bar. John gawked at their naked legs and their gorgeous figures and was clearly getting aroused. After pouring down what was left of his drink, he whispered - his eyes still on the girls, "Can you pay? I've gotta go jack off," and stood up, walking out of the diner. Now, I wasn't particularly horny, but I would have sucked and fucked him if he'd bothered to ask, and he probably knew that, so I figured he had good reasons for wanting to jack off by himself. I finished my drink and watched as the unattached men in the diner started swarming around the two young harlots, who were clearly after some male companionship. Some of the men even started hitting on me, now that I was sitting alone. After turning them down kindly and paying for dinner and the drinks, I walked out. 

 It was already dark outside, so I made my way to the bus very carefully. Seeing the rear door of the bus was closed, I walked up to the front and was about to step on, when I noticed John sitting on his knees on top of the bus stairs, jacking his swollen cock. I smiled and said, "Oh sorry, I thought you'd be done by now." 

 "Almost there," he said as he kept jacking off. 

 Not sure what was expected of me, I asked, "Do you want me to get out of the way or..." 

 "Could you lean forward?" he asked. 

 I smirked and looked around the parking lot for a second, then leaned forward and after putting my purse on the second step, I put both hands on the third one, looking up at him, realizing that I was now fully in his line of fire. 

 "Like this?" I asked, trying to sound as innocent as possible. 

 "Fuck yeah," he grunted as he lifted his ass off his feet and took aim, his body quivering. Mere seconds later, he began ejaculating, splattering several thick ribbons of gooey cum in my face and my hair. I giggled and whispered, with my eyes clenched shut, "What is it with you and bus stairs?" 

 After he was done flinging his cum at me, he collapsed on the floor - his half hard cock still in his right hand. I got up, took my purse and patted him on the head as I stepped over him. I sat down on the front row, left side, - as the driver was sleeping on the right side - took a tissue out of my purse and began scooping and wiping his cock juice off my face, deliberately ignoring the large amount of cum in my hair. As I looked over at the driver in the process, I recognized my panties in his right hand, still wrapped around his flaccid cock and adorned with a huge glob of dried up sperm. 

 John, meanwhile, had gotten up and was stumbling towards me. As I held my head perfectly still, he pushed his flaccid, cum-drooling cock against my cheek and extensively wiped himself off on my cheek and neck. When I had served my purpose, he stepped back and slumped down in one of the nearby seats. I used a tissue - the same one I had used on my face - to wipe his spunk off my cheek and neck and threw it on the floor. When I got up, heading for the back of the bus, John smiled as he looked at my hair and realized I wasn't going to do anything about all the cum up there. 

 "Goodnight," I whispered as I walked away. 

 "Night hon," he answered as he closed his eyes and relaxed. 

 When I reached my seat, I took off my top and skirt and got under some blankets. I was out like a log in a matter of minutes. I didn't hear the bus leave, nor notice anything of the ride into Heaven. When the driver called out and woke me up the next morning, we were already in town and approaching the bus depot. After yawning and stretching for a minute, I reached out for my top and skirt, but could only find my top. I put it on and walked down the bus aisle - naked from the waist down - looking for my skirt. I found it in between two random seats somewhere in the front of the bus, on the floor, crumpled up into a ball. 

 When I picked it up, I noticed that the front of it was completely covered in cum stains. I didn't know whose sperm it was and frankly I didn't care. I put it on - not even bothering with wiping off any of the still juicy cum - and gathered the rest of my things, getting ready to get off the bus. After parking inside of the depot, the driver started writing some stuff on his clipboard as John and I stepped off the bus. As I put down my backpack, waiting to say goodbye to the driver, John leaned in and kissed my neck while he cupped my right tit and then put his hand under my skirt, sticking two fingers inside of me without any warning or foreplay. It wasn't until the driver got off the bus several minutes later and walked up to us, that John stopped fingering me and wiped his wet fingers off on my top. 

 John and the driver shook hands and after winking at me one last time, John headed towards the exit. 

 "Do I have you to thank for this?" I grinned at the driver as I pointed down at my cum-drenched skirt. 

 "Uhuh," he whispered as he cupped my left tit through my top. 

 "Oh, before I forget..." he said as he reached inside his pants pocket and handed me my panties, rolled into a little ball. I could barely unfold them properly due to all the dried up cum, but I managed anyway and put them back on, right in front of him. 

 He smiled, gently tweaked both my nipples one last time and then said, "Thanks for everything, I had fun!" 

 "Me too," I replied as I picked up my backpack and purse and headed towards the exit myself. 

 "Remember, it's only 8h15... curfew is still in effect," he called out before stepping into one of the offices. 

 Curfew was the town's way of keeping minors out of the loop; during school hours (9h-16h), when all minors were required to be in school - sick or not - the adults could pretty much do anything they wanted. The same was true during the night (0h-5h). Outside of those time frames, curfew was in effect, which meant all sexual activity was to be confined indoors. All public facilities had a colored sticker on their front door: green meant free access to all, which also meant that curfew had to be followed, and a red sticker, which meant that curfew was not enforced - and hence minors were not allowed. 

 After only a five minute walk, I arrived at my parent's house and decided to use the backdoor, considering the early hour. To my surprise, mom and dad were already up and about in the kitchen, setting the table for breakfast. When they saw me, mom burst into tears and hugged me so tight that I could hardly breathe. Dad patiently waited his turn, but, once he got the chance, hugged me almost as tight as mom had done. Mom poured all three of us a cup of coffee and started asking me a million questions about my trip; I started telling them everything they wanted to know and showed them some pictures on my phone. They brought me up to speed on town events and after another cup of coffee, my younger sister Cindy came hopping down the stairs, in her almost see-through nighty and shrieked, smilingly, "I thought I recognized your voice." 

 I put down my cup of coffee and we hugged for the longest time, while she ranted on about how glad she was that I was there and that I was going to be her maid of honor etc etc. 

 After we broke our hug and I sat down again, she said, "Sorry, but I need to get some cock into me or I'll be no good to anyone all day." And with that, she straddled dad in his chair, her back now towards me, her barely concealed tits right in front of dad's face. As she reached down into dad's boxers and guided his morning wood into her horny twat, she started outlining all the things that still needed to be done; it was quite a list. While mom and I just sipped from our coffee, Cindy bounced up and down dad's cock, riding him like a rodeo-bull until she orgasmed and screamed like a steam train about six minutes later. Her itch scratched, she dismounted dad - before giving him a chance to cum - and darted into the hallway, looking at me and shouting energetically, "Come and see my dress!" 

 After briefly glancing down at dad's cock, obscenely sticking up, I put down my cup of coffee again and followed my sister up the stairs, seeing her juices run down her thighs as she walked up the stairs in front of me. After showing me the dress and even modeling it for me, we went over the itinerary for the next couple of days. 

 When we got back down, we found mom squatting down in front of dad's chair, sucking his cock. Cindy and I sat down at the breakfast table, continuing to talk about the wedding preparations, not paying any attention to mom and dad, except for the occasional glance. During my third cup of coffee - and halfway through Cindy's bowl of cereal - dad started moaning, prompting mom to take him out of her mouth and start wanking him off furiously. A few seconds later, dad jumped up and started spurting his morning load all over the breakfast table. Cindy and I put our conversation on hold to watch the event. With mom's hand still a blur over his fat shaft, droplets of cum continued to fly all over the place - some of them even landed on my right hand, holding my cup of coffee and I was sitting clear across the table. When he was done ejaculating, mom took him back in her mouth. When Cindy turned back towards me to continue our conversation, I noticed numerous specks of cum on her arm and neckline, even one or two on her chin. 

 When mom finished sucking on dad's cock, she pulled up a chair and joined the conversation. Once recovered from his orgasm, dad started reading the newspaper while enjoying his cup of coffee. After some forty-five minutes of talking and reminiscing, Cindy headed upstairs to take a shower and mom started clearing off the table and filling up the dishwasher. 

 "How's my little girl?" dad asked, as he put down his newspaper, taking advantage of the sudden peace and quiet in the kitchen to make his move. "Come and give your dad a hug." 

 I smiled, got up and sat down on his lap, wrapped my arms around him and squeezed him tight. 

 After we broke the hug, he looked down at my top, ran his index finger along the cum stains, all the way down to my skirt, which was in even worse shape than my top. After caressing my disgusting skirt with his whole hand a few times, he looked up and gently touched my cum crusted hair. 

 "My my, seems like you've had a lot of fun on your way over here," dad whispered. 

 "I did," I smiled. 

 "Well, I won't have you sitting on my lap with cum on your clothes, take 'm off," he said sternly. 

 "Yes daddy," I whispered, playing along and hopping off his lap. 

 After slowly taking off my top and skirt - while he stroked his swollen cock - I looked down at my panties and asked, "I suppose I'll have to take those off as well then?" 

 He reached out and extensively touched my panties, all over, inside and out and then said, "They're disgusting." 

 "Yes they are daddy," I replied innocently, trying my best to sound like a high-school girl. 

 "Take 'm off and sit back down, you little slut," he said. 

 I complied, sitting back on his lap with just my bra and my shoes on. Almost immediately, he put his hand between my legs and wriggled two fingers up my twat. Mom, having finished with the dishwasher, sat down on the chair next to us and just looked on as dad fingered the shit out of me, while I felt his hardening cock pressing up against the small of my back. 

 After letting him play with me for a few more minutes, getting me all worked up, I leaned in and whispered, "I want your fucking dick up my ass!" 

 Without waiting for his reaction, I lifted my ass up slightly and turned, facing away from him - causing his fingers to slip out of me in the process. Once my back was towards him, I reached down and grabbed his hard cock, guiding the tip of it in between my ass cheeks. When he was in position, I put both hands on the table in front of me and just pressed my ass down, forcing his large, hard cock inside of me. I moaned and groaned for the first minute or so - as I was in considerable discomfort - but once he was all the way up there, I started riding him, sliding my ass up and down his throbbing cock. Dad, left with nothing to do but sit back and watch his slut of a daughter bounce up and down his cock, reached around me and cupped my bra-covered tits, squeezing and kneading them roughly. 

 "Shower's free," my sister said as she entered the kitchen, all clean and dressed. 

 "Oh oops," she added, as she noticed what I was doing. 

 Patiently, she leaned against the door post and kept waiting, watching me, along with mom. It took me another couple of minutes of slamming down on dad's massive cock to make myself squeal in orgasm, and another two to make dad cum. In the heat of the moment, he lunged up, put his hands in my sides and began jackhammering my ass for about ten seconds, almost making me cum a second time. He howled and groaned loudly as he shot his slimy load deep inside my bowels. 

 He sat back down and moaned, as I just stood there, bent over the table, leaning on my elbows and my hands. After ten second or so, I got up and whispered, "I think I'll go take that shower now." 

 I kicked off my shoes, took off my bra and walked up the stairs, stark naked, heading straight for the bathroom. Under the shower, as the hot water was flowing down my slutty body, I couldn't help but grin widely as I realized how good it felt to be back in Heaven. As I began rinsing the cum out of my hair, I couldn't for the life of me remember why I had ever left in the first place. 

 I had quite some catching up to do... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Heaven Ch. 02 ****** bysex4every1© Note_from_the_author 

 I've received lots of feedback regarding the lack of character development in the first chapter; the sex depicted was allegedly indiscriminate, without reason and without emotion. Well, that was intentional, and here is why: it is the opinion of this humble writer that in the whole wide world of porn, with all its preferences, fetishes and perversities, not enough attention is given to the specific niche of casual sex. Sex without seduction, without any feelings at all. Sex as an act as common as breathing or eating, where boundaries such as gender, family ties, social status, marital status play no part. 

 I understand that this series is not for everyone, and I respect that; all I ask is that you respect my fetish and that you let me do my thing in this little town called Heaven. If you truly don't have the stomach for it, feel free to read one of my other stories. Otherwise, have fun! 

 Who-is-who: (returning characters) 

 Jamie, the protagonist of the story, has one younger sister, Cindy. 

 Their parents are Cynthia and Mark. 

 Cindy is engaged to Jason. 

 ***** 

 When I got out from under the shower, I headed to my room and put on some fresh clothes; a black bra and matching panties, a red halter top and some skinny jeans. When I got back to the kitchen, Cindy was waiting for me, wearing black mini-boots, a dark grey miniskirt, brown nylons and a white top. She informed me that mom and dad were taking a shower together. 

 "So, I am meeting Jason later today, but I was hoping we could first spend some time together?" 

 "I'd like that very much," I replied. 

 "What, or who, do you wanna do first?" she smiled. 

 "Let's head into town and take it from there, shall we?" I replied, fighting a smile myself. 

 We walked over to the bus stop and after Cindy had filled me in on town events and the latest gossip, I started telling her about my bus ride into town, getting both of us horny again. We hopped onto the bus, along with several other people, one of which was a young man - in his late twenties. As we sat down in the front of the bus, facing the back, the young man seemed to be taking a long, hard look around. As I continued telling Cindy in great detail what I had done on my way into town, I kept my eye on him. For some reason, his behavior seemed both suspicious and interesting. After about ten seconds, he walked up to the mid-section of the bus and put down his briefcase, right next to an older lady - probably in her early fifties - who was sitting on a single seat, alone, looking out the window. 

 After glancing at his watch - probably making sure that curfew was over - he reached out and grabbed one of the hanging straps above the isle, pushing his pelvis visibly closer towards the older woman. As soon as the bus took off, the young man moved his free hand - the one he wasn't using to hold onto - down to his crotch and started fidgeting with it, also drawing the attention of the woman, whose face was barely eight inches away from his crotch. She looked up at him as he unzipped his fly and pulled out his half-hard cock. He slowly rubbed it up and down, getting it big and hard, while he looked out the window. After glancing up at his face and then down at his growing cock a couple of times, the woman turned her head indifferently and simply stared out the window as well. The guy's cock grew and grew and after a minute or so, it had become so big that his hand bumped against the old hag's face with nearly every stroke. As I was having difficulty concentrating on my story, I simply stopped talking. 

 Unlike everyone else on the bus, the old woman continued to ignore him, even when - after six minutes of furious wanking and regularly bumping his cock or fist against her face - he exploded and started shooting thick, fat strands of cum on her forehead, cheek and nose. Even when he pushed the spurting tip of his cock behind her glasses, the old cum slut simply closed that eye and disregarded him as he creamed that eye shut. At that moment, Cindy cupped my left tit and jiggled it up and down a few times, without taking her eyes off the spectacle. When the young man was out of cum, he pulled back and disrespectfully wiped his tip on her right ear lobe before zipping back up. Next, he picked up his briefcase and sat down two seats behind her. For some reason, I couldn't quite look away and just kept gawking at the woman's face, literally dripping with fresh cock juice. 

 Suddenly, Cindy gave me a little nudge and whispered, "You're staring!" 

 I quickly turned my head, found a point of interest outside of the city bus to focus on and tried to wrap my head around what I had just seen. Two stops down the line, the young man got off the bus along with several other passengers. The old cum slut was still on the bus when Cindy and I got off, three stops later, and still hadn't cleaned up any of the spunk on her face. 

 "Jeez," I said as we crossed the street, "That was fucking hot." 

 "My my, aren't we sensitive?" Cindy smiled as she gently tweaked my right nipple. 

 I gave her a shove, as we both laughed, and said, "Go get me a bagel, will ya?" 

 Cindy glanced at the bakery right in front of us and said, "Are you hungry again? We just had breakfast half an hour ago." 

 "You mean you had breakfast, I just had a cup of coffee and dad's cock," I replied. 

 "Fine then. What kind of bagel would you like?" 

 "Surprise me, and an apple juice." 

 "OK, save me a seat will ya," she said as she saw me heading towards one of the benches at the edge of the small town plaza. 

 Almost immediately after sitting down, I was treated to a spectacle, inconceivable in the outside world, but business as usual in Heaven. A plump meter maid walked by. She had her complete uniform on, down to the dark blue cap, her golden hair flowing down from under it, but her tits were exposed. She had simply hung them over her shirt and jacket. They were big, pudgy and jiggled with every step she took. About twenty meters away from me, she started writing a ticket for a parked car whose meter had run out. Seconds later, a guy - probably the owner of the car - came running up to her and started shouting, trying to justify why he hadn't used the parking meter. As she turned towards him and explained why she couldn't have cared less about his excuse, two guys in their early twenties passed by and briefly surveyed the scene, focusing mainly on the meter maid's exposed tits. Without asking permission, they walked up to her and each started manhandling one of her plump tits. 

 Except for briefly glancing at both of them, she didn't react and just kept arguing with the parking offender. To be honest, this was probably why she had hung them out in the first place. As she put the ticket behind the guy's windshield wipers, he seemed to finally realize that there was no getting out of it and conceded, giving her the finger and walking back into the store he had run out of. With nothing left to do, but put away her ticket book, she turned her head left to right, looking at the youngsters weighing, jiggling and slapping her tits around. After ten seconds or so, she put her right hand down her pants and started diddling her clit, patiently waiting for the guys to lose interest and take off. Afterwards, she simply resumed her rounds, her tits still out in the open. 

 After having watched the playful meter maid and the cum slut on the bus, I realized what I needed most. What every fiber of my being craved and longed for. It wasn't sex, it wasn't cock and it sure wasn't cum. I had gotten enough of all of that - even in the outside world. No, what my body and mind yearned for, right now, was humiliation! 

 I got up, unbuttoned my jeans and pushed them down to my ankles. It took quite some effort to force my skinny jeans over my shoes, but simply taking off my shoes would have been way too easy and not nearly slutty enough for what I had in mind. Then, I took off my panties and pulled them over my shoes as well. Throwing my pants and panties on the concrete in front of the bench, I sat back down, spreading my legs as wide as I could. For a second, I considered taking off my top and bra as well, but I wasn't after people looking at my tits. I wanted them to look at my cunt. I wanted them to stare at my most private place, gawk at it, lust after it and if they wanted to, even pat it. And so I pulled my legs up, putting my feet next to my ass on the bench and my hands on my knees. 

 As the first people passing by started noticing me and some of them stopped to stare down between my legs, I felt myself getting wet. Some of them smiled as they passed by, others clearly disapproved but most just glanced at me with an indifferent look on their faces. It was nothing out of the ordinary, at least not for a town like Heaven. Most of them had places to be, things to do and even if hadn't, they weren't interested in a randomly exposed cunt. Although I really, really wanted to, I kept myself from jamming one or more fingers up my twat, as I realized that would only obscure it from view. 

 A few minutes later, Cindy walked out of the bakery and grinned widely as she saw me sitting there. 

 "You fucking slut," she laughed as she approached the bench, "I leave you alone for five minutes and this is how I find you, with your fuck tunnel lewdly on display for everyone to see?" 

 She sat down beside me, put my bagel and fruit juice down beside me and blatantly stared at my cunt, just like everyone else. Suddenly the two youngsters from before, who had groped and slapped the meter maid's tits around for fun, came walking by again. While one of them only had eyes for his smartphone, the other one quickly noticed me and elbowed his friend as he himself stopped and just gawked at me. It took the second guy a few moments to look up and notice me too, but once he did, he forgot all about his cell phone and took a few steps back towards his buddy. 

 Cindy glanced at them as they were both standing several meters in front of me, blatantly staring down between my lewdly spread legs and murmured between her teeth, "Danger, Will Robinson, danger!" 

 Normally a comment like that would have cracked me up, but I was too fucking horny and just eyed both guys up and down alternately, essentially inviting them over. 

 "See, and you wanted to waste your load on that fat meter maid?" one of them said as he unzipped his jeans and whipped out his hard cock. He began to stroke it as he sauntered in my direction. 

 "Good call dude," the second guy replied without taking his eyes off my cunt as he also stepped closer, whipping out his cock too and stroking it, "Can you believe how pretty this cunt is?" 

 My body shuddered with lust after hearing those words, although I didn't know whether he was referring to just a part of me, or me as a whole... frankly, it didn't really matter! 

 Cindy glanced up at both guys and ogled their dicks as she took a bite from the bagel she'd bought for herself. Then she turned her head towards me and looked on amused as I gawked in awe at the two big cocks being rubbed to a climax right in front of me. 

 They stroked and stroked, shamelessly, side by side, as they tweaked my nipples through my top, flicked my clit and occasionally slapped their dicks against my cheek or my neck. They even blatantly stared at Cindy's tits as they were jacking themselves off, their engorged cock heads inches from my face. 

 "Oh yeah, here it comes, you fucking slut," one of them suddenly announced and started stroking even faster. The closer he got to his orgasm, the less control he seemed to have over his body. Weak at the knees, whining like a little bitch and with his cock wobbling uncontrollably in his fist, he ejaculated all over the place, sending small droplets of cock juice flying in all directions. Although his cock was right in front of my face, very little of his cum actually made it onto it. Most of it ended up on my top or my legs. 

 The contrast between the two guys couldn't have been any greater; as soon as the first guy stepped out of the way, the second guy moved forwards towards the bench and leaned over, putting his free hand on the back of the bench and bringing his throbbing cock so close to my face that I was staring at it cross- eyed. With precision technique and without as much as a grunt, his cock began drooling warm cum on my forehead, just above my nose bridge. His cum was thick and gooey - and bountiful - and slowly slid down my nose, down my left cheek, next to my mouth, down my chin and dripped onto my top. It was a massive and wonderfully humiliating facial, seemingly without end. 

 After squeezing out the last few drops of cum, the second guy zipped up and said, "Let's go." 

 Both guys glanced at me one last time before turning and leaving. 

 Even with everything that had just happened, I was as hungry as I was horny and so I leisurely consumed my bagel and my fruit juice, right there on the bench, still naked from the waist down, with Cindy eyeballing me. She knew better than to speak right now and so she just sat there, waiting for me to finish eating and drinking - and savor the humiliation I had just experienced. 

 "You up for dessert?" she asked a few minutes later, after I had just swallowed my last bite. 

 When I looked at her, she gestured at a bench behind us, on the other side of the plaza. There was a guy sitting there, reading a magazine. As I glanced at him, Cindy said, "I dare you to suck him off." 

 "What?" I whispered as I turned my head towards her. 

 "I dare you to go suck his cock and swallow whatever he gives you," she clarified bluntly. 

 "You dare me? What are we, eight?" 

 "Oh come on, please?" 

 "If you feel so strongly about it, why don't you go suck him?" I asked. 

 "Look at you, you're clearly the bigger slut here," she retorted. 

 I looked down at myself, cum on my face and top and my cunt so wet it was staining the bench between my legs. 

 "Yeah ok, I'll give you that one," I conceded, with my dripping cunt still on display and two loads of fresh cum on my face and top. 

 I got up, walked across the square and sat down on the bench, next to my target. The guy briefly looked up as he noticed me sitting down, and although he stared at the cum on my face for a few moments and then between my legs for another couple of seconds, he eventually turned his head and simply resumed reading. Over the course of the next minute, I slowly scooted closer until I was right next to him. Wrapped up in his reading the guy either didn't notice or simply didn't care. Even when I invaded his personal space by slowly extending my hand in front of his magazine, reaching for his swollen crotch, he only exhibited mild interest as he glanced down for a mere second and then flipped another page. 

 "Do you mind?" I asked as I began unzipping his pants. 

 "No, go ahead," the guy replied as he continued his reading. 

 I undid his pants button, put my hand in there and pulled out his hard shaft with some effort. After gently stroking it a few times, I bent my head down towards his cock and used my free hand to stroke my hair behind my ear. Slowly I engulfed his veiny shaft with my warm mouth and swirled my tongue around his tip several times, as I slid off the bench and got down on my knees, on the grass in front of him. While I was bobbing my head up and down his dick, the guy repositioned his magazine on top of my head, obscuring it from his view. It made the blowjob even more demeaning and unemotional than it already was. From the corner of my eye, I noticed Cindy slowly walking up to the bench and just watching us. She was smiling and gently grazing her left tit through her white top as she looked at me. From the second our eyes met, we retained eye contact all through the rest of my performance, which was only about a minute or so. 

 First, the guy started trembling on the bench, then he began moaning and groaning, then his right leg began to twitch until finally his whole body froze as he let out a deep, loud roar. I quickly wrapped both hands tightly around his cock and bobbed my head feverishly up and down the tip of his cock, very fast and sloppy, all the while looking my sister in the eye. My performance was not only having its effect on the guy, but also on Cindy, who was wobbling one tit up and down while tweaking her other nipple. The guy convulsed in his seat for almost half a minute, squirting his generous load into my mouth. When he had nothing left to give, I pulled it out with a pop and theatrically swallowed his load for Cindy's benefit, showing her my empty mouth when I was done. Afterwards, I lowered my head again to lick his balls and the base of his cock for about a minute, until his dick had shrunk to its smallest proportions. 

 As a goodbye, I took his tiny, shriveled dick in my mouth and sucked it for another ten seconds before getting up and politely nodding my head as I walked away. I walked over to Cindy and accompanied her to the bench we had previously been sitting on, as all my jeans and panties were still there. 

 "God, that was so hot!" she whispered as she cupped one of my boobs through my top. 

 After I got properly dressed again and cleaned myself up a little bit, we headed for the mall, where we spent the rest of the morning window shopping. Around noon, we were sitting in the red-sticker section of the mall, at the very edge of the food court. While we were sipping from our ice slurpees and comparing notes on our - rather limited - shopping spree, a woman, about mom's age, carrying about a dozen bags walked up to our table. 

 "Excuse me, could one of you girls unzip me please?" she asked as she held up her left arm, raising the bags of clothes and shoes she was carrying on that side, exposing her dark blue, knee-high skirt and the zipper which she wanted us to see. 

 Cindy was closest, so she smiled and said, "Sure." 

 As she reached for the zipper and slowly pulled it down, the woman turned her head to look at what my sister was doing and said, "That's it, now could you please pull it down, along with my panties." 

 Once the zipper was fully down, Cindy hooked several fingers behind the waistband of the woman's skirt and panties and slowly started pulling both pieces of clothing down. 

 "Thanks hon, just stuff 'm in one of the bags," the woman said. 

 After doing so, Cindy reclined back in her chair as we watched the woman turn and walk away, only to change her mind several meters out. After doubling back, she said, "Maybe pop a tit out as well, the left one please." 

 My sister smiled, stood up and reached into the woman's jacket, fidgeted with her blouse for a moment, then put her hand into the woman's bra and finally pulled out her large tit, hanging it out for everyone to see. Because Cindy hadn't unclasped the bra, nor undone any more buttons of the blouse than absolutely necessary, the woman's tit was uncomfortably spilling out of her clothes. She looked down at herself for a moment, smiled politely and left, tiptoeing her naked ass away from us, on her high heels like the stuck-up cunt she obviously was. 

 "That bitch wants it bad," Cindy whispered as she smiled widely. 

 "Yeah, she won't make past fifty meters," I responded, licking my lips as I watched her gorgeous ass sashaying away, clearly enjoying the humiliation she had brought down on herself. When the woman turned a corner about five seconds later, she was already being pursued by a guy in his late thirties, clearly interested in fucking the shit out of her. As nor Cindy nor I cared enough to follow them, we decided to forget the whole incident. 

 After another half an hour or so, Cindy looked at her watch and said,"Let's go see Jason." 

 "How is the groom-to-be?" I asked as we got up. 

 "A little nervous about the whole wedding thing, but he's really looking forward to leaving town on our honeymoon and exploring the big, outside world," she replied with a wink. We exited the mall and walked for about ten minutes before arriving at Jason's. It was actually his mother's house, as he still lived with her - his father had left town in search for a more high-profile career. Cindy led me to the back of the house and used the key, hidden under a nearby flower pot, to open the back door. Once inside, she took off her coat and threw it on the couch as she scouted the kitchen for signs of life. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Heaven Ch. 02 ****** bysex4every1© Just as she was about to holler out for Jason, we heard muffled screams coming from upstairs. Cindy looked at me, smiled, and headed up the stairs. After taking off my coat as well, I followed her. When we got to what I assumed was his room, she put her ear against the door, although from this distance, the fucking noises were pretty unmistakable. She waited for me to catch up with her and then opened the door. As we poked our heads in, we saw Jason - completely naked and on his knees - fucking the shit out of Miranda, one of Cindy's best friends, who was on all fours, squealing like a pig. 

 Although they turned their heads towards the door for a second, they never stopped fucking. In fact, our interruption didn't even seem to slow them down at all. After a few seconds of gawking at them, Cindy said, "Sorry," and simply closed the door. Unperturbed and as happy as before, my sister looked at me and said, "So, why don't I give you a tour of the house." 

 Cindy walked me through all the rooms in the house, first upstairs, then downstairs - even the basement and the garage - before, eventually, ending up on the first floor again, in the master bedroom, where Jason's mom slept. 

 As we browsed through her wardrobe, more specifically her shoe collection, Cindy suddenly discovered a shoebox containing several dildo's. As she took them out and examined them closely one by one, she came across a big black one, equipped with a second, smaller tip. "Oh, I've always wanted to try one of these," she said as she got up, moved towards the bed and pulled her skirt out of the way. After pulling down her pantyhose and panties, she sat down on the edge of the bed and leaned back on her left arm as she used her right hand to shove the big tip of the dildo up her twat. After a few seconds, she began fidgeting around, trying to get the butt end up her ass as well. She succeeded pretty quickly and started fucking both her holes, right there in front of me, gasping and moaning rather loud. 

 Suddenly she said, "I think they're done", referring to Jason and Miranda, whose panting and screaming in the other room had died down. Cindy pulled the black dildo out of her holes and pulled her pantyhose, panties and skirt back into place. Then, leaving the used black dildo on the bed, the box with other dildo's on the floor and the numerous shoes we had examined scattered all over the floor, we headed out of the room and walked into Jason's room again. We noticed Miranda on her back on the bed, with Jason kneeling beside her, stroking his cock over her cum-covered face and wiping the last of his load on her forehead. Miranda got up and out of bed and stumbled into the adjacent bathroom, seriously hampered by the large amount of fresh spunk on her face, and in her eyes. 

 Cindy walked over to her fiancée and gave him a little peck on the cheek. 

 After a mutual greeting, Cindy looked down at his cock and whispered, "Come here, we don't want you leaking all over the room, now do we?" as she got on her knees and swallowed his half-flaccid cock, which had a small strain of cum dangling from it. 

 Jason, still sensitive from his recent orgasm, banged his flat hand against the nearby wall to prevent himself from losing his balance and moaned deeply. As my sister was slobbering all over his dick, sucking the cum and the cunt juices off of it, Miranda came back in from cleaning her face off. She was only slightly startled to see Cindy on her knees, sucking the very cock that had just fucked her raw and drenched her slutty face in a copious amount of gooey cum. She picked up her panties, put them on, then found her bra and put it on as well. 

 After grabbing the rest of her clothes, she said, "Hey, didn't know you were back," as she passed me by on her way out of the room, probably planning on putting on the rest of her clothes downstairs. 

 "Call me," she yelled as she walked down the stairs. I couldn't say if she was talking to me or Jason. 

 "So what's up?" Jason asked, turning to Cindy. 

 "We came by to see if you wanted to go and have a cup of coffee, talk a little, catch up..." 

 "Sure, let me take a shower first," he said as he took real notice of me for the first time and walked over to me, butt naked, his flaccid cock dangling between his legs. 

 "Hey Jamie," he whispered in a deep voice. 

 "Hey," I said, grinning widely, nervously looking away from him. 

 He walked right up to me and put his hands on my shoulders, gently caressing them, "It's good to see you again." 

 "It's good to see you too Jason," I said, a little uncomfortable, still smiling. 

 His hands slid down to my chest and as he cupped a tit in each of his hands, he whispered, "Still as beautiful as ever." 

 I gasped and looked him straight in his eyes, trying to give him a stern look, but he wasn't impressed. While keeping his left hand on my right boob, his right hand slid down to my crotch. He reached into my jeans - without unzipping or unbuttoning it - then into my panties and quickly slithered two fingers into my cunt without any kind of foreplay, warning or sweet talk. Again I gasped and moaned as he slid his fingers back and forth a couple of times, before taking them out and putting them in his mouth. I stared at him perplexed as he scandalously sucked my juices off his fingers. 

 "Still as tasty as ever," he whispered as he looked deep into my eyes. 

 "Yow Casanova," Cindy shouted, "So, are we going or what?" 

 "Sure babe, I was just on my way to the shower," he smirked as he headed towards the bathroom. 

 "Yeah, I can see that," she smiled. 

 "You know, you girls are welcome to join me," he grinned mischievously, waiting just before entering the bathroom. 

 While I giggled and rearranged my clothes, Cindy grabbed the first piece of clothing she could get her hands on and threw it at him, while she laughed and shouted, "Get your ass in the shower, you horn-dog!" 

 Jason laughed as he ducked into the bathroom and closed the door behind him. 

 "Still a handful," I said, smiling at Cindy. 

 "You have no idea," she replied. 

 About fifteen minutes later, we were out the door and heading for the nearest coffee shop. As it was rather warm, we sat down on the terrace and ordered a round of sodas. Jason, sitting in between Cindy and myself started asking me all sorts of questions about the outside world. After our second rounds of drinks, Cindy had to take a leak. When she came back, she turned her chair more towards Jason and put her feet up on his lap, relaxing in her chair. While I continued telling them all about my adventures in the 'big outdoors', Jason started caressing Cindy's legs - cladded in dark brown, shiny, nylons - all the way from her black mini-boots to her dark-grey miniskirt. This innocent caressing went on for several minutes, until Jason started asking me about the sex in the outside world - it was only a matter of time, I figured. As Cindy and Jason - who had never left town - listened to my story with great interest, his caressing of Cindy's legs turned into something a lot naughtier. 

 As I began telling them about some of my most spectacular sexual encounters, I noticed Jason's caressing slowing down and his fingers crumpling up some of the nylon fabric around Cindy's left knee. Soon, he started pulling at it, slowly but surely creating a tear. After wriggling two fingers into the rip, he started pulling at it, widening it and putting more fingers into it, until the gap was large enough to his liking. Then he moved on, finding an unblemished piece of nylon fabric and repeating the action. Pretty soon, there wasn't an inch of untorn nylon on either of Cindy's legs. She in turn simply glanced at her pantyhose occasionally, turned on by what her fiancée was doing. 

 Putting both hands under her skirt, he used his two index fingers to make a hole in the nylon fabric at her crotch; it took some effort, but eventually he succeeded and started tearing that part of Cindy's pantyhose to shreds as well. Without looking away from me, his hands searched for the hem of her grey skirt and grabbed it firmly. His clenched fists started pulling at the fabric, trying to rip it, but the material was pretty sturdy. Jason had to reposition his hand four times, each time placing his fists - clenching the hem of Cindy's skirt - closer together and pulling with all his might, before the material finally gave way. Once the seam was ripped, it only took a small effort to rip the skirt in half, uncovering Cindy's crotch, which was hidden only by a few dozen fragments of nylon and ruby red panties. Imperturbable, Cindy reached for her soda and sipped from it, without taking her eyes or her full concentration off my story. The ripping sounds had drawn the attention of the people at the next table, who were now glancing at us. 

 While Cindy put her glass back on the table, Jason briefly glanced at her to get his aim right and grabbed the cleavage of her blouse as he turned back towards me and tore it right down the middle, making the buttons jump off in all directions, exposing her naked tummy and her rube red bra for all to see. By now everyone on the terrace had noticed what Jason was doing and as a result, we were pretty much the center of everyone's attention. While I was still talking, Jason picked up Cindy's right leg and put it on the table, leaving the left one on his lap - spreading them apart a bit - and ran his hand up her right inner thigh until he reached her panties, grabbing the seam and pulling at the delicate fabric until it gave way and ripped. After tugging on it for a few more seconds, he was holding part of her panties - the part that till a few seconds ago covered her pussy - in his hand and threw it disrespectfully over his shoulder. Instinctively, my gaze redirected itself to my sister's exposed cunt. 

 As Cindy's right hand absentmindedly drifted off to her crotch and her knuckles started grazing her clit, Jason reached out and squeezed her right tit, slowly putting all fingers inside of the bra's cup and ripping it off. The flimsy material offered no resistance whatsoever and Cindy's right tit just fell out of its supports. Three seconds later, Jason did the same to the left cup, getting all of my sister's attributes out into the open. She looked like a cheap whore with all of her ripped clothing and her tits and cunt exposed. Several guys at the tables around us had taken out their cocks and were either getting jacked off by their partner or were giving themselves a good wank. Jason then bent her left leg and put her left foot on his armrest, freeing up his lap so that he could whip out his massive cock. It stood eight inches tall and was throbbingly erect. Again I couldn't help but stare. 

 Suddenly - I was still yapping away - he looked at me and said, "Jamie hon, nobody cares anymore, how about putting that mouth of yours to some actual use?" 

 As Cindy's right index and middle fingers were going berserk on her clit, she smiled wickedly as I got on my knees and crawled over to them. After looking up at Jason's arrogant smile one more time, I slid my warm mouth over his fat erection and started blowing him right in the middle of the coffee shop, for everyone to see. After a minute or two, he nudged my face to the side, towards my sister's cunt and I got the idea. I placed my mouth on her pussy and started eating her out. While she squirmed and moaned gently, I reached out and wrapped my hand around Jason's tube and continued jacking him off. Meanwhile I noticed from the corner of my eye that at least two more male customers were also getting their cocks sucked by their partners and that another woman was straddling her table partner, fucking him. 

 I kept going back and forth between Jason's fat cock and my sister's pussy until both of them had had enough. Suddenly, they both got up and hurried towards the bathroom - Jason fully dressed and Cindy with nothing but shreds of clothing hanging from her slutty body - to fuck each other's brains out, no doubt, leaving me there, on my knees, in full sight of everyone. 

 Just as I was about to get up, a guy in his late forties - who'd been watching and wanking to the scene, sitting alone at his table - walked up to me and asked, "You're already down on your knees, would you mind terribly?" as he waved his hard cock up and down a few times. I shook my head and waited for him to sit down in my sister's seat before lowering my head down into his lap and sucking his cock. He'd been tugging that dick pretty hard, because he ejaculated into my mouth not two minutes later. 

 "Thank hon," he said as he got up after I had sucked his balls dry. As I looked up, I noticed another guy, definitely younger, but far less handsome, waiting, also jacking his cock. 

 "May I?" he asked as he pointed at the just vacated seat. I gave him a slight nod of the head and waited for him to sit down. 

 "Can I cum in your face?" he asked as I bent my head down to swallow his dick. 

 "No, in my mouth," I corrected him as I began bobbing my head up and down his cock. 

 And so that's precisely what he did barely thirty seconds later. With no more guys queuing to get their cock sucked, I rearranged my clothes and sat back down, waiting for Cindy and Jason. 

 To my surprise, only Cindy reappeared about six minutes later. Still naked, except for her heels, and sperm running down her thigh from her freshly and savagely fucked cunt, she sat down, almost shy now that her rampant lust had been taken care of. 

 "Where's Jason?" I asked. 

 "Gone back to his place." 

 "Is he coming back?" I inquired, thinking he would return with some new clothes for Cindy. 

 "I don't think so, let's go home," she replied, clearly eager to get out of that coffee shop. 

 We got up and headed towards the bus stop, with my sister looking like the cheap, filthy slut that she was. She was nervous, shy and embarrassed, but I could also tell that this was turning her on. All those prying eyes, watching every inch of her gorgeous naked skin, lusting and drooling over her. Luckily for Cindy, we didn't have to wait too long for the bus and there were plenty of empty seats to choose from. She opted for the back seat, well out of sight of most commuters. As we got off the bus, we passed by an elder gentleman, who slapped Cindy rather hard on her naked ass, as we passed by his seat. Although she was officially outraged, it made her instantly and noticeably raunchy. 

 After walking the last few hundred meters home, we noticed David, one of my ex- boyfriends, leaving our house. 

 I slowed down to greet him, but Cindy didn't stop and just said, "Meet you in the backyard." 

 "Okay," I replied, my attention already fully directed at David. 

 "Hi," he said as he walked up to me, after gawking at Cindy naked, slutty body as she passed him by. 

 "Hi yourself," I replied, "Were you looking for me?" 

 "As a matter of fact I was." 

 "If you want a blowjob or something, we can go up to my room." 

 "Well, that was the plan, but your mom already took care of me," he replied. 

 "I see." 

 "I am sorry, I didn't know when you'd be back and she..." 

 "No, it's all right, it's just bad timing, that's all," I replied. 

 "I guess so," he said, looking at the ground, not knowing what to say or do. 

 Desperate to avoid a long awkward silence, I asked, "So, did she give you a blowjob?" 

 "No, I fucked her," he blurted out. 

 "On all fours, in the bathroom, with her head down the toilet bowl." 

 I smiled and said, "Yeah, that was always one of your favorites... did you flush?" 

 "Twice, she did not particularly care for that," he quipped. 

 "I can imagine," I giggled. 

 After nervously smiling at one another for another couple of seconds, he said, "Well, it was great seeing you, we should get together some other time." 

 "Next time you've got a hard-on and you feel like flushing someone, give me a call, okay?" I smiled. 

 "Will do," he said as he gave me a peck on the cheek and walked away. 

 I kept watching him until he turned a corner and was completely out of sight, then slowly turned and headed for the backyard. Still a smile on my face from talking to David, I walked up to Cindy, who was sitting on her ass in the middle of the lawn, still completely naked except for her high heels. She had her legs wide apart and was leaning on her left hand, while she had the middle and index finger of her right hand firmly and deeply lodged up her twat. Her body was squirming and coiling. She was so fucking horny. After looking at her for another minute or so, mom knocked on the kitchen window, calling me in. 

 "Have fun, stupid cunt," I whispered, assuming she'd get a kick out of that insult. Cindy moaned as she sped up her handwork down there - confirming my hypothesis. I walked in through the backdoor, where mom was preparing dinner. She was wearing nothing but panties and a bra and her hair was moist. Not completely wet - it had been dried off thoroughly - but it was clear that it had been soaked not long ago. She didn't say anything about it, so neither did I. 

 "Do me a favor hon, your father is upstairs jacking off, in your sister's bedroom. He's been up there for nearly two hours now; would you mind finishing him off and making sure he gets down in time for dinner?" 

 "Sure thing mom," I said as I stole a piece of carrot from the counter and put it in my mouth as I headed up the stairs. 

 I gently opened the door to Cindy's bedroom and sure enough, there was dad, butt naked and on his knees, leaning against the head board and the wall with his back, jerking his hard cock. He had one of Cindy's panties wrapped around his head, the crotch of it hanging over his nose. I smiled as I slithered in, closing the door behind me. Although there was no doubt whether he had seen me coming in, he ignored me and kept doing what he was doing. I slowly strolled around the bed, watching him from different angles as he pumped his dick. When I noticed an opened bottle of Viagra on the nightstand, I got a little nervous. When I got closer, I noticed that Cindy's pillow was directly in front of him and judging from the large amount of half-dried up cum stains on it, I'd say he was on his third or fourth wank. 

 Suddenly he turned his head towards me. 

 I smiled at him and whispered, "Hey." 

 "Hey." 

 "Whatcha doing?" I asked playfully. 

 "Having a wank," he replied. 

 "I can see that," I smiled as I sat down on the edge of the bed, right next to him. "More than one from the looks of it, any particular reason you're bent on drowning Cindy's pillow?" 

 "She's a fucking bitch," dad blurted out, clearly very worked up. 

 "I see," I smiled as I caressed his non-wanking arm, "And what about me, am I a fucking bitch too?" 

 "Uhuh," dad nodded, clearly liking where I was going with this. 

 "We're just walking and talking cum dumps, aren't we?" I continued. 

 "Oh fuck yeah," he said. 

 "Good for nothing little whores," I whispered as I took off my top and unbuttoned my bra, flashing my tits. 

 "Yeah," dad exclaimed as he sped up his wanking. 

 "Go ahead daddy," I said as I got down on my knees in front of the bed, "Just blow it anywhere you want." 

 True enough, dad moaned loudly and moved his pelvis forward, aiming his cock at my face and came. 

 "Yeah, all over my stupid face!" I enticed him further. 

 It wasn't a lot, but still a dozen drops or so, enough to sully my entire face. A little surprised that his cock stayed hard after cumming, I gulped it down and sucked it clean for like half a minute. I was even more surprised when he suddenly grabbed my head with both hands and start fucking my mouth, still hard as a bone. After making me gag several times, he pulled back, clearly still very horny. I coughed, smiled up at him and said, "My my!" I got up and straddled him, sliding my moist cunt over his large pole and started bouncing up and down wildly. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Heaven Ch. 02 ****** bysex4every1© I rode him for about eight minutes, came hard once myself, before feeling him tense up and shoot inside of me. 

 I dismounted him and got up with a big grin on my face. However, his cock was still fully erect. 

 "Oh my god, how many pills did you take?" I asked, impressed and also a tad worried. 

 "Just one," dad replied. 

 "Those are for guys who can't get them up anymore dad, not for horny fucks like you who are already hard all the time!" I said as I got back on the bed, reaching out for his shaft with my right hand. 

 Judging from his demeanor, I figured one more decent climax would do the trick, so I decided to get a little creative. I rubbed his dick for a little while to get him going again, then - to stay true to what seemed to be the topic of the day - I figured it was time to humiliate myself one more time. 

 I walked over to my sister's dresser and grabbed a pair of nylons and a belt from one of her drawers. 

 "Ok, here we go," I said as I squatted down and picked up one of dad's socks from the floor and put it in my mouth. Then, as I got on my knees, I pulled my sister's nylons over my head and tied the belt around my neck. 

 Almost immediately dad wrapped his hand around his big cock and started wanking yet again, whispering, "Oh god." 

 Slowly and theatrically I started moving my right, clenched fist - which was holding the end of my sister's belt - further away, causing the belt to tighten around my neck. Meanwhile my left hand started groping my tits and tweaking my already hard nipples. I pulled harder and harder on my improvised leash and started making choking sounds to edge him on. 

 Dad went berserk and started jerking off furiously, desperately wanting to cum again. I had to assume several more degrading positions - sitting on all fours, lying with my face on the floor and my ass high in the air, on my back with my legs spread high and wide, etc. Finally, after another six minutes or so, he came. He was nearly crying when he collapsed on his back again. I took off the belt and the nylons, took his sock out of my mouth and looked at him, relieved to finally see his cock shrinking. 

 I whispered, still catching my breath, "Come down for dinner as soon as you can walk again." 

 I picked up my clothes and walked out of my sister's room, put my clothes back on in the hallway and headed back down to watch some television in the living room. About ten minutes later, Cindy walked in - her little garden adventure over - and headed upstairs to take a shower and put on some new clothes. Dad came down five minutes later and joined me in front of the TV. Roughly half an hour later, the four of us were all sitting at the dinner table, enjoying mom's cooking and talking and laughing as if we were a normal family. 

 Well, in Heaven we probably were... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Heaven Ch. 03 ****** bysex4every1© Warning! The sex described in this story is extremely casual. There are also a lot of incestuous encounters. If any of this bothers you, I advise you to read another story. If not, enjoy! 

 Who-is-who: (returning characters) 

 Jamie, the protagonist of the story, has one younger sister, Cindy. 

 Their parents are Cynthia and Mark. 

 Cindy is engaged to Jason. 

 ***** 

 The following morning, I awoke to the sound of fucking. At first, I figured dad was really giving it to mom, but after listening to it for a few minutes - and getting pretty raunchy - I wasn't so sure anymore. The fucking seemed too energetic, too hard and too rough. Aside from the usual sounds like a squeaking bed, panting and moaning, there were also hard, slapping sounds to be heard, each time followed by high tone shriek. Because the slaps were out of sync with the squeaking and moaning, I theorized that someone was getting seriously slapped in the face while getting fucked. And that was more my sister's thing, not so much my mother's. When I heard someone moving around in the kitchen, I got up and headed downstairs to see if my hypothesis was correct. 

 It was. 

 I found mom - stark naked - sitting at the breakfast table. Even in the kitchen the sound of dad and Cindy having wild sex was clearly audible. It was clear that the noises were getting to mom as well; her nipples were hard enough to cut glass. 

 "How long have they been at it?" I asked as I sat down, taking off my nightie, putting one leg up on the breakfast table and sliding two fingers up my moist twat. 

 "About half an hour," mom replied, "The little bitch woke us up and kicked me out of my own bedroom; they've been going at it ever since." 

 Mom occasionally flicked her clit, but refrained from doing anything more. Except for the occasional glance at my cunt, she ignored me and we just sat there, in silence. After another ten minutes or so, the noise coming from upstairs eventually died down. Only to start up again a few minutes later! 

 "Oh my god!" I exclaimed, jealous and frustrated as I started fingering even faster. The fact that I had seen a lot of action yesterday but very little satisfaction only made things worse. 

 "Honey," mom said, realizing how fucking horny I was, "I think you're going to need something bigger than your fingers for this one." 

 "I know," I whispered, keeping my eyes closed and my head tilted back, "But I am really not in the mood for a dildo and curfew isn't over for another two hours, so..." 

 After a few moments of silence - except for the seemingly incessant fuck noises coming from upstairs - mom said, "If you need cock, I am sure Simon would be willing to accommodate you." 

 "Jeez mom, Simon from next door? I haven't seen him in like forever, besides isn't he like fifty or something?" 

 "Suit yourself," mom said as she sipped from her fourth cup of coffee, "I am sure you can scratch that itch all by yourself, or wait another two hours, while your father fucks the shit out of your sister." 

 I realized mom was right. Simon was close by and most likely my best chance of getting a real cock in me anytime soon. After kidding myself for another twenty seconds, I jumped up and barked, "Fine," as I put on dad's long overcoat and wriggled my feet into some white sneakers. As I walked through the kitchen, heading for the back door, mom smiled and whispered, "Say hi for me," as she sipped from her coffee. 

 "Oh shut up," I snapped as I stepped out and walked over to our neighbor's back door. I knocked and waited. Then I knocked again. It wasn't until after I had knocked three times that it dawned on me that our neighbors may not have been up yet, seeing how early it was. Then, suddenly, Caroline -Simon's wife - answered the door in her black, satin night gown. 

 After blinking her sleepy eyes at me several times, she recognized me and said, "Hey Jamie, I didn't know you were back in town, how are you?" as she began moving out of the way to let me in. 

 "I am sorry to bother you so early, but I am really horny... is Simon in?" I asked bluntly. 

 Immediately her mood changed as she stepped back into the doorway, blocking my entrance and shot me a dirty look, eyeing me up and down. "Wait here," she said coldly and slammed the door shut. She turned around and seemed to be calling out for Simon, who walked in about half a minute later. They bickered for about twenty seconds, during which Caroline pointed at me several times. Then she seemed to concede and stormed off - disappearing from sight - while Simon walked over to the door. 

 "Jamie, how nice to see you again," he whispered. 

 "Hey Simon, so, is there a problem?" I asked. 

 "Uh no, Caroline doesn't want me to do you in the house, that's all," he said as he stepped out and closed the door behind him, "So we'll have to use the shed, if that's okay." 

 I looked at him, amazed that he had the audacity to even suggest that; in his garden shed, was he fucking kidding me? I wasn't that desperate... was I? Oh god, the few seconds I contemplated his proposal gave me away; any woman not completely offended by a suggestion like that, would probably be up for just about anything - which was pretty much the case. The vague smile around his mouth indicated that he realized that too. 

 I shrugged my shoulders and said, "What the heck, lead the way Simon." He smiled triumphantly and walked down the garden path, heading for the large wooden shed. After walking in, I half expected him to put down a rug or some old rags, but no, he just unbuttoned his pants and said, "How about a little suck first, Jamie?" 

 "Sure," I sighed, realizing I had little other choice if I wanted a hard dick inside of me, and squatted down in front of him as he leaned against his workbench. I was so fucking horny that even feeling his below average cock growing in my slutty mouth turned me on further and made me wetter. Finally, after about two or three minutes of sucking, he said, "I am ready, get on your back." Still no blanket? I thought to myself as I took off the overcoat and got on my back on the cold, concrete floor. God, I was such a fucking slut. I could have asked for one, but I guess part of me felt like I didn't really deserve one. 

 Anyway, he stuffed his hard cock in my twat and started humping away. I relaxed and enjoyed the fucking I was finally getting. Maybe the whole, humiliating experience would soon be worth it after all, I thought to myself. Unfortunately, barely a minute after he had begun to fuck me, Simon started wheezing and moaning and another ten seconds later, he shrieked, "Oh god, you're so fucking tight." 

 And with that, he arched his back and pumped his cum up my stupid twat, getting limp and unresponsive almost immediately. 

 As Simon was lying on top of me, breathing heavily, I felt so fucking mortified and thought to myself, "Serves you right, you fucking cunt, for having no restraint whatsoever!" 

 Simon got off me and said, "I am guessing you didn't cum." 

 "No," I sighed, putting both of my hands on my face, wanting to crawl into a corner and die of shame. 

 "Is there anything I can do?" he asked as he zipped up his pants. 

 "Would you mind just giving me a minute? I'll close the door behind me," I whispered. 

 "Uh sure," he said as he turned and walked back to the house. 

 I took a few minutes to compose myself and then walked out, closing the door to the shed behind me. I didn't bother with putting on the overcoat again and just walked towards our back door, stark naked. To my surprise Cindy had finished fucking dad in the meantime and was sitting next to mom at the breakfast table. As she didn't ask me where I was coming from as I walked in, I assumed mom had already told her. They both just sat there and smirked, I could have just died. I scampered into the hallway and wanted to go and hide in my room, but Cindy followed me and pinned me to the wall, halfway up the stairs - she was naked as naked as I was. 

 "So, did Simon scratch your itch?" she asked as her face was right in front of mine. 

 "Not even close," I replied as I was trying to break free and pushed her out of the way. 

 Cindy smiled, stuck her right hand in between my legs, quickly found my entrance and unceremoniously shoved two fingers inside of me, whispering, "Perhaps I can be of service?" 

 I snorted and said, "Don't you think that if this itch could be scratched by fingers, I would have done it by now... or asked mom to do it... do you think that I would have gone over to Simon's house and let that old fart fuck me on the concrete floor of his garden shed?" 

 Cindy redrew her hand and asked, laughing, "Oh my god, he fucked you in his shed? That's so... humiliating." 

 "I know!" I said, gently pushing her away, heading for my room again. 

 "Wait," Cindy said apologetically, "I didn't mean it like that, you're usually into that sort of thing, aren't you?" 

 When I reached the top of the stairs, I turned and said, "Don't get me wrong, I love being humiliated... it's just that I needed to cum, and Simon did nothing but frustrate me even more!" 

 Cindy climbed the few stairs that were separating us and said, "Look, if you really need cock that desperately, maybe I can help." 

 "Never mind, I brought my own dildo," I said, turning to leave. 

 "I am not talking about a dildo, I am talking about a real cock, a big one... and it's close by, let me just make a phone call," Cindy said as she ran into her room to find her cell phone. 

 When she came back into the hallway, I said, "Look, you don't have to call someone to come and fuck me... I'll be fine!" 

 "Jamie, it's another two hours before schools are in session; you're not fine, you need to get fucked, good and rough... dad is not getting up anytime soon and Simon is probably out for the rest of the morning, so I don't see that you have much of a choice. You're turning into a complete bitch!" 

 "You..." I started to say. 

 Signaling me with a hand gesture that I had to shut up, she started talking on the phone, "Franky, it's Cindy... Cindy McAlloway... yeah, thank you... are you doing anyone right now... good... no, it's not for me, it's for my sister... she's really randy and there's not a decent cock to be found... no, I kinda used up that one... yeah... ok... yeah, we'll be over in ten minutes... bye." 

 I looked at my sister in disbelief, but she just hung up the phone and said, "Get dressed slut, we're leaving in one minute." I decided to take my chances and trust her - after all, after the fiasco with Simon, how much worse could it get? - and put on some jogging pants, a halter top and sneakers - no bra or panties. Cindy put on a similar outfit, no bra but she did put on some panties, and shortly afterwards we were out the door. 

 About six minutes later, we walked up to a large residence - about three blocks away from our house. As Cindy rang the bell, I read the sign next to the door, "Frank Kriegel, gynecologist." 

 Needless to say, I felt slightly nervous. 

 A tall, handsome man opened the door and smiled, "Good morning Cindy!" 

 "Hey Frank," she said as she stepped in and gave him a peck on the cheek. 

 "Come on in, and you must be Jamie," he said as he looked me up and down. 

 "Yeah hi," I said, shaking his hand and walking in behind Cindy, feeling embarrassed about being there. 

 "Step into my office, I'll be right with you," he said with a smile, extending his arm invitingly. 

 As soon as we were both inside, he closed the door to his office behind us and disappeared for a minute. Almost immediately Cindy reach out and started undressing me. 

 "What are you doing?" I asked as I looked down at her hands, but didn't fight her. 

 "It'll be hard for him to fuck the shit out of you with your clothes still on, don't you think?" Cindy replied. 

 When I was naked, Cindy took my hand and whispered, "Here, sit," and led me to the gynecology chair. 

 "Lay back and put your feet up," she said. I looked at her a little hesitantly, but did as I was told. 

 A few moments later, Frank walked back in and started taking off his clothes without saying a word. Naked, he was even more impressive; muscular, nicely tanned and one hell of a cock! 

 He walked up to me, gently pushed the foot rests apart and stepped a little closer, positioning his tip against my entrance, making me shudder with anticipation. Cindy suddenly felt very much like the third wheel and asked, "So, do I stay, do I go, what?" 

 "That's up to your sister," Frank said, as he gently slid his thick, meaty cock in my sopping cunt. 

 "Oh fuck! STAY!" I shouted as I moaned loudly, it seemed fittingly vulgar to do this in front of my sister. 

 I closed my eyes and started moaning louder and more frequent, as Frank started fucking me. 

 "Talk to me, Jamie... I need to know what you want... the better you communicate with me, the better your orgasms are going to be... whatever you need or want, just shout it out," he said as he established a steady rhythm and started shoving the entire length of his cock into me, over and over again. 

 My body rocked back and forth on the couch as my hands gripped the iron bars above my head, holding onto them for support. 

 "Grab my tits," I called out, "Squeeze 'm." 

 Frank reached out and grabbed both my tits and started massaging them, roughly, shaking them around as he kept pounding into me. 

 "Oh yeah, fuck me harder," I called out. 

 He picked up the pace as requested and started jackhammering into me, fucking me hard, rough and deep. 

 About forty seconds later, the door suddenly flung open and in walked a woman in her late twenties, dressed in a business skirt, a white blouse, stockings and high heels. 

 "Hon, where did you put the keys to the SUV?" she asked as she walked right up to us. 

 "In the key box, in the garage," Frank replied as he kept fucking me. 

 "Do you honestly think I would come and ask you if they were where they're supposed to be, Frank?" she asked as she glanced at my face, then my tits and finally at her husband's cock sliding in and out of my cunt. 

 "Check my pants," Frank sighed. 

 She walked over to his clothes, squatted down and began checking his pants pockets. I was getting so turned on by this unexpected interruption that I whispered, "Slap my tits, Frank." 

 Putting his left hand on my right tit for support, he started slapping my left tit with his right hand, making it bounce back and forth lewdly. Then he switched hands and started slapping my right tit around. I shrieked and started moaning even louder around his wonderful cock. 

 "Found 'm," his wife suddenly exclaimed as she got up and threw his pants back on the floor. To my - mild - surprise, she walked back towards us and leaned in to give Frank a goodbye kiss, on the lips. As she glanced down at me, getting my tit slapped around, she said, "Don't wait up, I am working late again tonight." 

 "OK, see you in the morning," Frank replied as he began fucking me even deeper now, clearly aiming for my cervix. I started squealing even louder as my body started convulsing around his massively hard cock. 

 His wife, already heading for the door, suddenly turned and said, "By the way, Mrs. Parker called to reschedule for this afternoon, apparently she'd forgotten about her dentist appointment!" 

 That did it. Her total disregard and disrespect for my predicament pushed me over the edge and made me explode in a delightful orgasm. As I convulsed and trashed in the gynecology chair, Frank replied, "Ok hon, I'll 

 give her a call when I am done with this!" 

 Without delay, Frank let go of my tit and bitch slapped me across my left cheek. 

 Another jolt of pleasure hit me, pushing me deeper into debauchery. 

 "Again," I said. [SLAP] 

 "Again," [SLAP] 

 "Harder." [SLAP] 

 "Again," [SLAP] 

 "Again," [SLAP] 

 My cheek felt warm and my jaw was starting to hurt, but I was having the best orgasm in weeks, so I didn't fucking care. 

 "Again," [SLAP] 

 "Again," [SLAP] 

 "Again," [SLAP] 

 Eventually, my orgasm became so powerful that I couldn't utter another sound and my body just froze up. Suspended in an endless, intense moment of sexual bliss, I was unable to give additional instructions, so Frank stopped the slapping, but kept on banging the shit out of me nonetheless. For a moment, I thought I was going to pass out or have a brain aneurysm from the pressure buildup. 

 About forty seconds later, when my orgasm finally started to subside, I gasped for air and panted, "Stop... Frank, please stop!" 

 He slowed down instantly and left my pussy about ten seconds later. As I lay there panting and groaning, I noticed Cindy getting down on her knees in front of Frank and swallowing his throbbing erection. After cleaning his cock for a minute or two, she got back up, wiped her lips and smiled down at me. 

 "Jeez sis, are you sure that was rough enough?" she asked with a sarcastic grin on her face, "I am all wet again." 

 "It doesn't take much to get you wet, slut," I whispered smiling. 

 She smiled back and replied, "Well, you got me there." 

 "So, what happens next?" I asked, unfamiliar with the procedure. 

 "That depends. Do you want to go again?" Frank asked, gently stroking his dick. 

 "No, I am good!" I replied, genuinely satisfied for now. 

 "Well, since I am paying, I wouldn't mind sucking the cum out of your balls," Cindy blurted out. 

 "Quick and nude?" Frank asked. 

 "Yes!" Cindy replied, visibly excited and ecstatic about his suggestion. I had no idea what it entailed, but I would find out soon enough. As Frank started pumping his cock like there was no tomorrow, Cindy quickly took off her halter top and kicked off her sneakers. 

 "Tell me when," Cindy whispered as she pushed down her joggings pants and stepped out of them. 

 "Hang on," Frank moaned as he pumped his dick, watching my sister's every move. Leaning on one foot, then on the other, Cindy leisurely took off her white socks and threw them on the floor. 

 "Nearly there," Frank groaned. 

 Cindy bit her lower lip in anticipation as she quickly took off her earrings and her wrist watch and squatted down to carefully drop both pieces of jewelry on her jogging pants. While she looked up at Frank, she reached for the back of her neck and undid the lock of her silver necklace, then dropped it on her pants too. 

 Free of her jewelry and all of her clothes - except for her white panties - Cindy got up and took a small step towards Frank, seductively twisting her body as she whispered, "Ready big boy?" 

 "Ten seconds," Frank groaned, mercilessly pumping his cock. 

 "Oh yeah," Cindy moaned, edging him on, as he hooked both thumbs behind the waistband of her panties. 

 A few more seconds of heavy pumping later, Frank groaned, "Here it comes!" 

 With an eager grin on her pretty face, Cindy swiftly pushed down her panties, nearly jumped out of them and dropped to her knees in front of him. She was still opening her mouth wide when Frank's cock began spewing cum at her. Except for the first blast, which splattered against her lips and chin, Cindy managed to catch most of it in her slutty mouth. She just sat there, naked as the day she was born, serving as his cum dump. When Frank was done ejaculating, she quickly swallowed, leaned forward and began sucking on his shrinking cock like a maniac for a good minute or so. Then, we got cleaned up, put on our clothes - and jewelry - again and while Cindy paid for the session, I entered Frank's number into my phone. 

 "Thanks, I really needed that," I said as we walked out of Frank's residence. 

 "I could tell," Cindy replied with a smirk on her face, looking at my red cheek. 

 "Wanna go get some breakfast at Al's?" she asked, pointing at the nearby diner. 

 "Sure," I replied, having built up quite the appetite. 

 Although all the blinds were closed, we could see the lights on inside, so we knocked and waited. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Heaven Ch. 03 ****** bysex4every1© After peeking from behind the door blinds, Al himself unchained the door, opened it and said, "Well well well, the sisters McAlloway, I don't think I've ever seen you girls in here so early. Are you sure you girls are in the right place?" 

 Cindy reached for her id in her purse, but All put his hand up, indicating it wasn't necessary and said, "If I didn't know for sure you were over eighteen, I wouldn't even have opened the door, I just wanted to give you girls a friendly warning." 

 "Thanks, but we don't need one," Cindy said, slightly offended. 

 "All right, I ain't your momma," All said as he turned and walked away, "Sit anywhere you want and don't touch the blinds till nine." 

 As Cindy put her id away and we looked around to decide on a table, we saw the waitress on her knees in front of an elder guy, sucking his cock, while he was enjoying a fresh cup of coffee. Three tables further away, there was a young couple having breakfast, except for the fact that her tits were hanging out of her blouse - bra unclasped and blouse unbuttoned so far down that you practically see her belly button - it could have been a scene from any diner anywhere in the country. We smiled at each other and I followed Cindy to a booth by the window, which wasn't really an asset at the moment considering all the blinds had to stay closed anyway. We sat down, briefly checked the menu and then began talking and reminiscing. A few minutes later, the guy three tables down - the one with his girlfriend's tits hanging out - caught my eye as he had finished his breakfast and started unbuttoning his trousers. I signaled Cindy, who had her back towards him and turned for a second, just in time to see him taking out his rather plain dick and starting to jack off. She smiled as she turned back towards me and we continued our conversation. 

 About two minutes later, Al walked up to our table, asking if we were ready to order. Cindy asked for the blueberry pancakes and a cup of coffee, I chose a blueberry muffin and tea. After scribbling down our order, All returned to his kitchen as we turned our attention to the guy three tables down, who had just started moaning. Suddenly he jumped up and began spurting cum all over the table, roaring loudly. He must have been saving his cum for quite some time, because it was a big, gooey load. His girlfriend/wife just sat there, eating her breakfast, ignoring him. When he was done ejaculating, she simply stuffed her tits back in her bra and blouse and buttoned it up. Not a word spoken, not a touch exchanged. The guy simply zipped up and sat back down; he seemed pretty well trained in cumming like that. Seeing him waste his load like that made my cunt all tingly. 

 And I apparently wasn't the only one who liked the show, because the guy getting sucked off by the waitress started moaning and seemed - judging from her bulging cheeks - to be spurting his load in her mouth moments later. After licking his whole cock clean, the waitress got up and sashayed her hips over to our table, and after putting some gum in her mouth - probably to get rid of the taste of cum - smiled at us and asked, "What 'll it be girls?" 

 "Al already took our order," I replied politely. 

 "Oh right," she smiled, turned and walked over to the counter. 

 Barely a minute later, she came back with our coffees and said, "Pancakes and the muffin are coming up." 

 "Thanks," I said. 

 About thirty seconds later, the woman from three tables down got up and headed for the bathroom. Meanwhile the guy called the waitress over and paid for their food. After putting his wallet away, he got up and slowly began moving towards the front door. When he past our table, he stopped and promptly put his hand down my halter top, wobbling my braless tits up and down. I kept stirring my tea, my gaze directed at my sister, who was grinning widely. About twenty seconds later, he took his hand out of my top and turned towards Cindy, giving her tits the same disrespectful treatment. She didn't even bat an eye. He clearly preferred my tits over hers, because after only a few moments, he turned to face me again and used both hands to lower the straps of my halter top. 

 He pulled it down, exposing my rack and then grabbed one of my tits in each hand, gently mauling them and using his thumbs to flick my hard nipples around. Cindy and I simply looked at each other, fighting a naughty smile. The guy kept playing with my tits until his wife came back from the ladies room and walked right past us. He followed her out of the diner without giving me another look. Just as I raised my top, covering my tits up again, Al walked out of his kitchen, carrying our food. He walked over to our table, his big belly - covered in a dirty white apron - leading the way. 

 As he put down the plates in front of us, he asked, "Aren't you getting married soon?", obviously addressing my sister. 

 "That's right," Cindy replied, figuring he was just making conversation, "We're actually planning..." 

 "Yeah, that's great..." Al rudely interrupted her, "... so, would you mind if I plug ya?" 

 "Now?" Cindy asked, taken aback by his crude and unexpected proposal. 

 "Don't worry, your pancakes will still be warm," Al said as whipped out his meaty cock and stroked it a couple of times, right in front of us. 

 "Uhm sure, I guess," Cindy replied as she began scooting out of the booth and asked, "Where do you want me?" 

 Although there were plenty of empty tables as well as booths to pick from, Al pointed towards the floor right next to our table and said: "Right here will do fine hon." 

 Cindy stepped out of her sweat pants and panties, got on her back on the cold floor and spread her legs to accommodate him. Al dropped to his knees and clumsily stuffed his cock up my sister's twat right next to our table. Cindy looked up at me and smiled as she mouthed: "Oh my god," truly impressed by the size of his fat cock. 

 Unfortunately, a big cock doesn't always guarantee a proper fucking, as my sister was about to find out. Although Al seemed to be enjoying my sister's tight pussy - he was breathing and moaning like a steam train - he slammed into her so callously and imprecisely that he hardly gave her any pleasure. Judging from the uncomfortable look on Cindy's face, the whole thing couldn't be over soon enough. Less than a minute later, she got her wish as Al grunted loudly, pulled out of her and jacked off furiously all over her pussy and tummy. 

 When he was done, he got up, stuffed his dick back in his pants and disappeared into the kitchen, still breathing very irregularly. Cindy got up, grinned widely at me and threw her sweat pants and panties on our table as she sat down again, naked from the waist down. After using her napkin to clean Al's cum off her top, she sipped from her coffee and started on her pancakes. 

 "Well, he wasn't lying... pancakes are still warm," she chuckled. 

 We laughed at Al's weak performance. 

 The sight of Cindy getting fucked right next to me - even if it was only Al - stuck in my mind and had made me pretty raunchy by the time I finished my muffin. After finishing my tea, I glanced over at Cindy - still eating her pancakes - and began sliding off the bench, slowly disappeared under the table. As soon as I touched one of her thighs, she slouched and opened her legs a little further. Slowly, I began licking Al's cum off her inner thighs and stomach. When I had cleaned her whole pelvis region with my slut tongue, I stuck my head in between her thighs and started licking her twat. Pretty soon, her wetness dripped down my chin, onto my top. 

 After a few minutes, I suddenly felt someone grabbing my ankles and positioning me so that my ass was sticking out from under the table. Cindy turned in her seat to accommodate my repositioning. Seconds later, I felt two hands pulling my sweat pants over my ass and a medium sized cock sliding into my wet twat. I honestly couldn't tell whose dick it was. By my count, there were only two guys left in the diner, Al himself - who'd just splattered his juice on my sister - and the older guy - who had shot his load in the waitress' mouth only minutes ago. As neither of them seemed virile enough to be up for seconds so soon, that left only one possible explanation: with my head wedged in between my sister's legs, I probably hadn't heard the new guy come in. 

 Whoever it was back there, really started fucking the shit out of me, shafting me deep and hard. Cindy was amused and whispered, "Yeah, give it to her, fuck that little bitch!" 

 I began munching on her cunt with even more zeal as I locked hands with her. 

 "That's it, really slam it in there, good and hard... the little whore can take it!" Cindy blurted out as I could feel her pussy getting wetter. Unfortunately for everyone, the fuck didn't last all that long - which was hardly surprising, considering what a loose whore I was being. Without warning the guy pulled out, splattered a fair amount of jizz all over my butt and got up. A few moments later, I heard the door to the diner open and then close again, most likely signaling the exit of my mystery suitor. 

 Cindy apparently got off on the way I had been treated, because she chose that particular moment to start orgasming. After making her shudder in her seat and scream for about a minute and half, I crawled out from under the table and scooped some cum off my ass with my right index finger. While I stuck that finger in my mouth to have a taste, I noticed Al watching me from behind the counter. Always in the mood for an audience, I repeated the whole scoop-and- lick routine a few more times, just for his viewing pleasure. I even threw in a few seductive smiles, knowing fully well he'd probably get hard again. 

 "How's about a blowjob?" he asked bluntly, "And I won't charge you for your muffin." 

 He was clearly out to humiliate me, asking me to suck his cock for $1.22. 

 "Tell you what," I said as I took off my top and got down on my knees, facing him, "Forget about our bill altogether and I'll let you jack off in my face." 

 "Deal," Al blurted out as he rushed out from behind his counter, whipping out his half-hard cock. Amused by his eagerness, I brushed my hair out of the way and tilted my head up, giving him a prime target to shoot at. As I was looking up at Al, frantically stroking his cock, I noticed Cindy getting up from her seat and cleaning herself up a little bit. Then, she put her clothes back on, while keeping a close eye on me. The waitress, apparently also interested in seeing me take a facial, leaned over the counter to get a better view. With three sets of female eyes on him, Al stroked and stroked, for what seemed like forever. Eventually he moaned, arched his back and splattered a surprisingly big and gooey load all over my stupid face. 

 When he was done, Al simply walked away. After using my hands to locate my top, I used it to scoop and wipe the cum off my face, and especially out of my eyes. With nothing else to cover up my bare chest with, I turned my top inside out and put it on like that. After putting on my jogging pants again, I walked over to our table and nodded at Cindy, indicating I was ready to go. 

 "You're one nasty tart!" she smiled as she got up and followed me out the diner. 

 Cindy never did tell me who fucked me while I was under the table, and I never asked. 

 Back home, we took a shower together, fooled around for a bit and then headed down to the living room, naked, except for the large towels we'd wrapped ourselves in. Cindy sat down in one of the loveseats and hung her legs over the armrests as I got on my knees in front of her. I had been licking her for nearly ten minutes when suddenly the doorbell rang. 

 Since mom was doing some light garden work out back and neither of us wanted to get up, we decided to ignore it. About ten seconds after the third ring, the living room door slowly opened and Eric, our - other - next door neighbor, poked his head in. Just a tad surprised, he stammered, "Uh, hi girls, sorry to interrupt, is uh... your mom home?" 

 A little displeased about the interruption, Cindy sighed and grunted, "She's out back..." 

 "MOOOOOOM!" she shouted at the top of her lunges. 

 "That's quite a mouth you've got on you," Eric said as he reached for his zipper and stepped up to the couch, his pelvis right next to Cindy's face. Being the slut that she is, my sister didn't mind turning her head to face him and opening her mouth for his limp dick. By the time mom walked into the room, Eric's dick was fully erect and pumping Cindy's mouth - and throat - pretty hard. 

 "Eric, hi," I heard mom say as I continued licking my sister's twat, "What brings you here?" 

 "I've got a favor to ask of you," he grunted, his right hand guiding Cindy's head up and down his fuck stick. 

 "I'm listening," mom replied serenely. 

 "Elaine's [his wife] cousin is in town for a few days to celebrate his 19th birthday and..." 

 "Let me guess," mom interrupted him, "He's too much to handle?" 

 "She'll never admit it, but yeah... he's been inside of her almost non-stop since he arrived three days ago. Whenever she's not on her back getting shafted, she's on her knees sucking him off!" 

 "Well, the boy's only got a few days, Eric, he's got to make most of it," mom smirked. 

 "I just didn't know she could take that much cock," he replied, fucking my sister's mouth with vigor now. 

 "Sounds like a family problem to me Eric, what can I do?" mom asked. 

 "I've managed to convince Elaine to let the boy try at least one other pussy before going back home, and your name came up... it was actually on top of a very short list," Eric replied as he looked down at my sister and started moaning softly, "He's got a thing for mature women, you see." 

 "Fair enough," mom replied, "Where and when did you have in mind?" 

 "Our place, tonight, around eight?" Eric grunted as he pulled his cock out my sister's mouth and began ejaculating all over her face. 

 "Six would suit me better, if you don't mind," mom said. 

 "Six it is... and would you mind if I had a go as well afterwards, Elaine's been quite unavailable these last few days," Eric said as he wiped his cock off on my sister's right cheek and zipped up. 

 "Sure Eric," mom grinned as she turned and walked back out towards the yard, "See you tonight." 

 "Till tonight," Eric said as he glanced down at my sister and me one last time and then headed out the door. 

 I continued licking Cindy's twat for quite a while after that, and even made her cum. 

 Afterwards, while she was washing Eric's cum off her face, I glanced at the clock: 10.43am. 

 What a busy morning I had had. 

 After a pretty slow early afternoon, things picked up again around three when I got a call from dad. Having been informed of mom's extracurricular activity with Elaine's cousin - and probably Eric too - dad insisted on coming home a little earlier to cook dinner and spend some time with me. Since Cindy was spending the night at Jason's, it was just going to me and dad. He arrived less than twenty minutes later. After checking the fridge and the pantry, we realized we were going to have to make a quick run to the grocery store first. We made a list in the car to expedite things, not really paying attention to curfew, as dad was probably planning on fucking the shit out of me all evening. 

 It wasn't until we were actually moving through the aisles that I realized curfew was not yet in effect; in the produce section for example, there was an elder gentlemen getting head from a brunette in a store uniform. In the frozen goods section, we saw a young woman getting fucked from behind, her head bent down into one of the chest freezers, her skirt pulled up and her panties pushed down to her knees. 

 In the magazine section, there were several guys flipping through erotic publications and jacking their cocks. One of them had been at it for quite a while, I could tell, judging from the dark purple, pulsating mushroom head he was molesting, so I decided to stay and watch for a minute. My hunch turned out to be correct, because not much later, the guy - less than five feet away from me - started shooting big, chunky ropes of cum all over the display in front of him, while coveting the blonde, naked slut in his magazine. When he was done, he simply zipped up, put the glossy mag back in its proper place, took his cart and continued down the next aisle as if nothing had happened. Although there were three more guys whacking off, the venue had lost my interest; I had seen one of them cum and that was enough. 

 Although I could tell he was horny as fuck, so far, dad had been on his best behavior - aside from cupping my tits once or twice. At the checkout lines, however, things quickly unraveled. Of the fourteen available lines, only five were open, but because the female cashier at line 7 had a big, black cock lodged down her throat, the net capacity was down to four. Her last customer had simply climbed up onto the conveyer belt, hung out his cock and shoved it down her throat. As no one knew exactly how long this blowjob/facefuck was going to take, the other customers queuing for line 7 had joined the other - already lengthy - lines. 

 After queueing in line 5 for a few minutes, I suddenly felt a hand on my ass. I glanced back and noticed two young men, both neatly in costume, in their late twenties talking amongst themselves. By the time I faced forward again, my skirt had been raised and one of their hands was cupping my left ass cheek. Seconds later, another hand slid under my jacket and into my blouse, fumbled with the clasp of my bra for a second and quickly undid it. Dad, having noticed their advances, turned to face me, so he could monitor their actions more closely. While one guy lowered my undies, sliding them down my legs, the other one pulled his hands from under my jacket, reached around and started undoing the buttons of my blouse. It was then that I realized I was probably going to get fucked and used in front of all those people. By coordinating their efforts, they took off my blouse and skirt, then my bra, in a matter of seconds, exposing my tits for everyone to see. 

 Then, encouraged by a few gentle nudges, I turned towards them and sank to my knees. One of them immediately pushed the tip of his cock against my lips. It was big, rock hard and veiny, it was throbbing and oozing a little precum, just the way I liked it. While this first cock started sliding back and forth between my lips, a second cock - equally big and also adorned with fat veins - started pushing against my cheek, asking for some attention as well. I began alternating between dicks, jacking off the one I wasn't sucking. Meanwhile, our checkout line had rearranged itself to go around the four of us. After a few minutes, dad suddenly couldn't take it anymore and unzipped his pants, gave his fat cock a good wank and then stepped up towards me. Like a good little whore, I began rotating three dicks instead of two, using both hands to jerk off the two cocks that weren't fucking my mouth. 

 My hope of quickly sucking off all three cocks and putting an end to my public performance proved naïve, as I was suddenly pushed onto my back on the department store's cold floor and swiftly penetrated by one of the young men. He was definitely in a hurry, fucking me hard, fast and wild, hooking his arms under my legs and putting my feet on his shoulders, really slamming into me. Not two minutes later, he arched his back and unloaded his sperm deep inside of me, as quiet as a mouse. As soon as he got up, his friend took his place, ramming his dick into me and fucking me cold, hard and distant, using me as if I was nothing more than an old sock. He too emptied his balls quietly, deep inside my stupid cunt. As my two suitors rejoined the line, I started to get up as well, but was quickly pushed onto all fours by dad. Damn, I'd briefly forgotten about him. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Heaven Ch. 03 ****** bysex4every1© As he kneeled down behind me, I looked back over my shoulder and asked, slightly frustrated, "Oh dad, really?" 

 "Sorry pumpkin, can't be helped," he said as he nudged his big tip against my entrance. 

 I sighed and faced forward again, hanging my head down in submission. 

 But when he suddenly moved his cock up an inch and started pushing against my backdoor, I turned my head again, protesting, "No dad, not the ass!" But it was too late... with one big push, half of his cock was up my butt. Now, I was loose enough to take him, but still I didn't like getting assfucked without warning, especially in public. 

 Dad, however didn't care and knew I would be a good little slut. He needed to do this, there was no holding back or stopping now. After a few minutes of getting fucked in the ass - I was actually starting to enjoy it - I suddenly felt something in my hair. When a loud roar immediately followed, I realized that someone was cumming in my hair, and quite a lot too. When he - whoever he was - was done, he used some of my hair to wipe his cock clean and vanished - it was probably a visitor from an adjacent checkout line. As dad was still pumping my ass, I carefully touched my hair - leaning on just one hand - trying to assess the damage. Only a moment later, I felt dad pulling out and stepping over me, grunting and moaning loudly. He too began cumming in my hair and slapping his cock around the back of my head, making a big, disgusting mess of my hairdo. 

 I lowered my hand again, realizing that nothing short of an extensive shower was going to make me look presentable again. After dad stepped back about ten seconds later, I slowly got up and looked around, just in time to see the two young men - who'd started it all - starting to clap their hands. Pretty soon, everyone in our checkout line was applauding my whorish performance. 

 I smiled uncomfortable, gathered my clothes and asked dad for the car key. As good as naked, clothes in hand, I passed by the cashier, and nearly ran to the car where I tried to clean myself up a little bit. When dad walked out of the store about ten minutes later, I was still annoyed with him for degrading me like that and messing up my hair, so I stayed in the car while he unloaded the shopping cart. By the time we got home however, all was pretty much forgotten and I was letting him feel me up again. Report_Story 