#1 

 

 ****** Kelsey Loves the Kissing ****** bygeronimo_appleby© I thought I'd dip my toe into the girl-on-girl pool. Not a scene I venture into too often, not since I'm male and capturing the essence of Sapphic love isn't the easiest. 

 Still, here it is, a scene of seduction where Kelsey is somewhat reluctant at first... 

 Feedback would be appreciated. I hope you enjoy the following. 

 Thank you for reading. 

 GA - Da Nang, Vietnam - 19th of February 2015. 

 ***** 

 Anticipation 

 Kelsey looks up from the depths of the sofa. She chews her bottom lip, uncertain, wondering why she ever agreed to it in the first place. 

 "Wine, Kelsey?" asks Carla as she settles alongside her guest. Smiling, the Englishwoman adds, "You're still not comfortable being here, are you?" She rests a reassuring hand on Kelsey's knee. "Don't worry about my husband being Jim's boss. None of that concerns me. I invited you to stay because I like you. Don't stand on ceremony. I'd like us to be friends." She waves a hand in an airy gesture Kelsey thinks is typically English: elegant, refined. "Those silly men and their hobbies," Carla scoffs. "You'd think they'd grow out of engines and cars." 

 A few seconds pass while Kelsey digests it's all, then she closes her eyes and sighs, deciding Carla is right. Holding up a hand the palm toward her host Kelsey drawls, "I'm sorry. I don't mean to be this way." Her eyes open and she fixes her doe-eyed gaze on Carla's face. "But it is kind of intimidating." 

 Desire uncurls inside Carla when she sees Kelsey's face twisted with concern. It's all she can do not to lunge in for a kiss. God, those Cupid-bow lips... 

 She's divine. So bloody perfect... 

 Carla chuckles and squeezes Kelsey's knee before she eases back into the sumptuous embrace of her sofa. "Of course, Kelsey," she purrs. "I understand completely." Carla crosses her legs and rests an elbow against the settee's arm, a forefinger held to one cheek while appraising the attractive woman next to her. "I don't involve myself in Harold's business. I'm not interested in the machinations and the politics. As far as I'm concerned we're just two rally widows who could be friends. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable. I want you to feel at home. You need a friend in this country ... How long is it you've been here?" 

 Kelsey pulls a face. "Okay. I'll try to relax." She sighs again while looking around at the opulence of Carla's home. "I'm sorry, Carla," she murmurs. "I guess I'm still getting used to everything. It's all so strange ... y'know? I've only been in England six weeks..." 

 A corner of Carla's mouth lifts. She pouts, nodding slowly. "Well, in that case I think I should take you under my wing. Never mind about the boys and their work..." Carla waves her hand again to show a complete lack of concern for her husband's status. "They've gone off and left us for the whole weekend, after all." Her eyes roll as she shakes her head in disdain. "I don't mean to be awful, darling," Carla says, eyes locked on Kelsey's face, "and I don't want to criticise - but your Jim has been selfish enough to lumber you with my company for the whole weekend..." 

 A gay laugh tinkles from Carla while she pauses. 

 "So I'll make it my mission to take care of you - at least until you find your feet." 

 Kelsey blinks quickly several times, seemingly close to tears. "Thank you, Carla," she breathes. "I really do appreciate it." 

 Carla beams a prefect smile in a show of faultless dentistry before she levers forward, uncrossing her legs. In a brisk tone she says, "How about that wine, dear? It'll help you relax." 

 Kelsey nods and shrugs. "Yeah. Sure. Why not?" 

 "That's the ticket," Carla says, nodding quickly. "Tell you what," she adds, as though the idea has just occurred to her. "Why don't you go and have that bath you mentioned earlier? That might be a help, too. There's a tub in your ensuite, you know. You go and start it and I'll bring your wine up in a bit." Carla stands as though the suggestion is fait accompli, then finishes with, "Red or white wine, Kelsey?" 

 "Oh," Kelsey responds, somewhat taken aback at being organised so efficiently. "Red please, Carla." 

 The older woman's bottom lip curls juts out while she considers options. "Will a Rioja do, darling?" 

 Kelsey lifts one shoulder in a half shrug. "Sure. Yeah. Thanks, Carla." 

 "I'll bring it up," Carla promptly replies. 

 She watches Kelsey stand up, her attention focussed on the American's legs and swaying hips as Kelsey leaves the room. Carla's nostrils flare when yearning yaws in the pit of her stomach. "Dear God," she murmurs with Kelsey well out of range. "You're just so fucking exquisite." 

 Sighing, expression vacant for a few seconds, Carla indulges in a little fantasy. She allows herself a minute or two of lewd imagining and then rouses herself, walking to the kitchen to select a bottle from the myriad available in the rack. 

 Carla uncorks the bottle and places it down on the pristine counter, leaving it standing while she returns to the living room to retrieve her mobile phone. Confident Kelsey is drawing a bath she returns to the kitchen and opens the big French windows, stepping outside into the benign evening air. 

 "It's me," Carla says after moving deep into the garden. "She's running a bath. I'm going to take wine up to her soon." 

 Carla pauses and listens, a smirk lifting the corners of her mouth. 

 "She's bloody lovely," she breathes, eyes closing in appreciation. "I mean she's absolutely gorgeous. Talk about fit!" Carla exclaims. "She told me she's into yoga - and I'm telling you, she looks stunning on it. Forty years old, but what a figure! I'm so bloody jealous. 

 "Of course," Carla sneers, "her boobs aren't real; she's had them pumped up a couple of notches - but even so..." She fans herself with her fingers for effect despite there being no one present to see. "I'm going to ply her with wine and see what happens," Carla continues. "Yes," she adds in response to a question down the phone. "Of course I'll call you tomorrow ... Yes I'll let you know how it goes. Wish me luck!" 

 Ending the call, Carla stands beneath the cherry tree and gnaws her bottom lip, anxiety a brick in her tummy as she contemplates her next move. The impulse to barge in like the proverbial bull in the china shop is near overwhelming, but Carla knows from long experience Kelsey wouldn't respond well to the brute force and ignorance method of seduction. She sucks in air and forces herself towards patience. Kelsey will take some playing if Carla has a hope of lulling her beautiful guest into bed. 

 "Softly-softly," whispers Carla, tapping the mobile phone against her chin while deep in thought. She sucks in another deep breath in an effort to soothe her snarling libido and slow her heart. She waits for a further half-a-minute or so before moving slowly towards the open doors and into the house. 

 In the kitchen she pours wine into two glasses: Rioja for Kelsey and chilled Sauvignon Blanc for herself. 

 "To us," Carla murmurs, holding both wine goblets up. She slowly brings them together until the bowls kiss. "The rally widows," she toasts. "Cheers." Then Carla sips and smirks and raises her eyes to the ceiling, lewd images of Kelsey in the bath forming in her mind. 

 The Bathroom 

 Kelsey eases back in the tub. She's an island of glistening skin among the foam, the warm water a balm while delicate bubbles pop around her. She can feel the tension draining as her muscles relax. 

 It isn't so bad, she decides. Carla seems nice: kind and thoughtful and at pains to make her feel welcome. Kelsey is still miffed at her husband for putting her on the spot the way he did, but she can't blame him - not really, not when his career could skyrocket with this new placement. 

 But she's going to make him suffer for it. Oh yes, indeed; no matter how good a friend Carla turns out to be, Jim is going to pay for his selfishness. 

 Kelsey drifts, slipping into the netherworld, neither asleep nor fully awake, mind floating until she becomes aware there's someone in the bathroom with her. 

 Kelsey's eyes snap open. "Oh," she blurts, startled, water splashing when she sees Carla standing next to the tub. "I didn't hear you come in." 

 Carla's head cants to one side while she surreptitiously eyes Kelsey's breasts. She gulps down the moan of desire rising in her throat, lust flaring between her legs. 

 Carla forces her eyes to move up from those twin buoys. "I couldn't knock," she says, holding up two glasses. "Sorry, had my hands full." 

 "No problem," Kelsey says, reaching for the proffered glass. She frowns when she notices Carla has removed her day clothes and is now covered by a loosely tied towelling robe. "Thanks," she adds, too polite to comment. Inwardly, she shrugs - maybe Carla is going to her own room to take a bath? Perhaps she's planning to shower before dressing for dinner?" 

 "When did you get your boobs done?" Carla asks, sipping wine. She regards Kelsey over the rim of her glass, expression enquiring. 

 Kelsey is unfazed. It's a question she's been asked a lot. Someone is always interested in her breasts. She gets it in the washrooms in clubs or at dinner parties after a few drinks: What size are they? How much did they cost? Did it hurt? Can I feel? 

 She pulls a face and replies with, "Couple of years." 

 Carla's lower lip juts while she nods. "I noticed them today. Impressive. Not freakishly large." She waves a forefinger over the general area of her own décolletage. "Your skin doesn't look all strained and stretched like some I've seen." 

 "No," Kelsey says, wine glass held daintily aloft. "I was really pleased. I went up to 34E." She grins, cheeks dimpling while her eyes slip away from Carla's face. Quietly, throat and cheeks suffused pink with embarrassment, Kelsey adds, "Jim says they're just like the real thing - only better." 

 Carla blurts a laugh. "Men," she says, tone mocking. She grins to take any sting out of her comment in case Kelsey bridles. 

 Kelsey nods and chuckles. "Yeah ... I know. They think boobs and cars are great." 

 Both women sip wine before Carla perches on the edge of the tub. The belt loosens as she moves and the gown gapes. 

 "You've got a superb figure," Carla murmurs, attention fixed on Kelsey's nipples. "I wish I was all toned like you. God, Kelsey," she sighs, "you look stunning in clothes." 

 Kelsey's expression shifts when her host goes on to say, "And I dare say you're even more gorgeous out of them. Are you comfortable being nude?" 

 Kelsey is uncertain and feeling more than a little awkward at this twist in the conversation. She doesn't know Carla at all, not really. They've only met twice before - and briefly at that. Being in the bath with her breasts exposed to a virtual stranger is borderline as far as she's concerned, and Carla in her robe with the talk decidedly intimate is a step closer to the line. 

 Is this kind of shit normal in England? 

 Again, in deference to her host, Kelsey sucks it up and replies by saying, "Uhm," she begins, shrugging. "Well ... I'm okay at the beach in a bikini, I don't have any hang-ups about my body ... Being naked is fine if I'm at home and of course I'm not worried about Jim." A brittle, embarrassed laugh comes out of her as she grimaces and rolls her eyes. "I wouldn't go out in public or anything, but ... Well, you know..." 

 "God," Carla responds on a sigh. "If I had your body..." 

 Just as Carla had hoped, Kelsey comes back with, "Hey, I don't know about that, you look amazing, Carla. I love your hair." Kelsey winces inwardly: I love your hair? God, how lame does that sound! 

 Carla laughs and twirls the blonde ponytail with her free hand. "Oh, this isn't my natural colour. And I think your hair is gorgeous too, Kelsey - so thick and long... 

 "But thank you all the same." Then Carla regards Kelsey's breasts with open admiration. "You really are stunning, Kelsey," she breathes. 

 The situation is getting more and more uncomfortable for the American. She's out of her depth and unsure about how to respond. After all, despite her assurances to the contrary, Carla's husband is Jim's boss. The men might have gone off for a weekend of racing cars around a countryside circuit as the best of friends, but a word in Harold's ear from Carla might cause problems. 

 Kelsey quaffs wine, gulping half the glass in a few quick swallows. "Thanks, Carla," she says, avoiding the other woman's eyes. "But I really don't think I'm all that special." 

 Undeterred, Carla goes on. "You look after yourself, don't you - with your yoga?" 

 Kelsey nods, grateful for a safer topic. "Every day. I work out four times a week, too. And I jog." 

 "The results speak for themselves." Carla drains her glass and nods towards Kelsey's. "Another drink?" 

 Surprised by the speed Carla drained her glass, Kelsey looks at her own. "Well, yeah," she says, tone uncertain. She doesn't usually drink much but still feels bound by politeness. "I suppose." 

 Carla beams at her. "Drink up!" she trills with enthusiasm. 

 Kelsey hesitates but then empties her glass. 

 "Be right back," Carla tells her, reaching to taking the goblet from Kelsey's fingers. 

 "Jesus," the American mutters when Carla leaves her alone. "What the hell...?" 

 Kelsey reclines, gasping when she feels cold porcelain against her back. Her thoughts tumble, the analysis beginning in her head. She thinks about the inappropriateness of the scene which just played out. Or at least she considers it inappropriate. It occurs to her again that the Brits might not be so inhibited. Carla is certainly forthright and Kelsey wonders if her host is a typical example or one of a kind. 

 "Maybe it's just you?" she murmurs to herself. 

 Lunging forward, Kelsey twists the hot tap. She then leans back again while warm water cascades into the bath. 

 "Relax," Kelsey sighs. "Take it easy. It's nothing. So what if she checked out your tits - it happens all the time." 

 By the time Carla returns the tap is turned off and Kelsey feels less anxious. 

 "Here we are," Carla trills. She hands Kelsey her wine and pretends to ignore the American woman's wide-eyed double-take, the towelling robe fully loose, the belt dangling. "You know," Carla adds, holding her own glass out to her guest. "I might just join you in there." 

 Kelsey takes the wine glass in an automatic response, gaping in surprise when Carla slips off the gown and lifts one leg to step into the tub. 

 *** 

 Kelsey stares, shocked into inaction. "Oh," she squeaks, gulping. "I ... You..." 

 Water laps at the sides of the tub as Carla eases in. "You like it hot, don't you!" she gasps, settling. "Thanks," she adds as she reaches for her wine. 

 "You know," Kelsey says anxiously while turning her face away from Carla's leering grin. "This tub is a little small for two of us." 

 Carla pouts when Kelsey makes to rise up out of the water. She sweeps the air in front of her with the glass. "Nonsense," she purrs. "There's plenty of room." 

 Kelsey grimaces. "Yeah, well, I still think I should get out." Carla's restraining hand on her shoulder makes her gasp. 

 Using gentle pressure from her fingers Carla keeps Kelsey in the water. She knows she has to go gently. The American is as skittish as a colt. If she goes for it too heavily Kelsey will bolt. A thrill of excitement ripples through Carla, not all of it sexual. There's an enormous risk in what she's doing. If she gets it wrong the personal consequences could be enormous, catastrophic in fact. Carla doubts Kelsey or her husband would make a failed seduction attempt public, Jim did have his career to think about, but Kelsey was an unknown quantity, and American at that - Carla wasn't entirely sure how to read her. 

 She takes the risk, desire making her reckless. "It's all right, sweetheart," Carla coos. "Relax. We're only having a bath." She sips wine and offers Kelsey a benign smile. "Have a drink, darling..." 

 With wary eyes set on Carla, Kelsey eases back against the porcelain. She sips wine, her stare never wavering. 

 Carla's big breasts rise as she breathes in, the air coming out in one long sigh. Her outward demeanour is cool and collected but inside her heart bounces around like a scared rabbit. "This is nice, don't you think?" she breathes, hoping. 

 Furrows of uncertainty crease Kelsey's usually flawless brow. "I'm not sure," she replies, tone matching her expression. "I don't usually..." Kelsey gulps and grimaces. "We're both naked in the tub," she hisses. 

 "I think it's lovely," Carla says, lips pursing in contemplation. "And it doesn't mean anything. We're just two girls relaxing. I like doing this with you, Kelsey." She shrugs one shoulder. "Being in a bath of warm water with another woman is so ... oh ... I don't know," a little laugh tinkles from her, "gentle I suppose the word is I'm looking for." Carla nods with approval. "Yes, that's what I mean." After a sip of wine, she finishes with, "What about you? Don't you think it's just so nice?" 

 Kelsey is still recovering and doesn't quite know what she thinks other than it's definitely weird. 

 The silence between them lengthens, anxiety ballooning inside Kelsey while the damn Englishwoman just keeps on staring at her tits. 

 "If it were a man in here with you, Kelsey," Carla begins, "I doubt you'd get much peace for long." She smirks, eyebrows arching before she sips more wine. "A man would lunge at you, with grabbing hands and no finesse." Her shoulder lifts again. "Not that I would blame him," she breathes, eyes moving over Kelsey's chest. "But they do get a little carried away with their enthusiasms. Show them breasts, especially works of art like yours..." Carla sighs and shakes her head, expression rueful. 

 Then the tension winds tight inside Kelsey when Carla whispers, "Do you mind if I touch them?" 

 When Kelsey's mouth opens Carla's immediate impression is there's going to be an outright refusal. Kelsey is going to shake her head and utter an emphatic no. But, instead, what comes out is a reedy, "Oh, uh, I'm not sure..." 

 The uncertainty spurs Carla to press on. "Oh, come on," she says, tone inveigling. 

 She's already moving, one hand reaching out. 

 Water laps the sides of the bath when Kelsey shrinks back, breasts disappearing below the surface. Her nostrils flare as she blinks rapidly and turns her face sideways. "Carla, really, I ... I don't know about this." 

 Carla ignores the upheld palm. Instead she scoops water with her free hand and cascades it over Kelsey's shoulder. 

 She repeats the action several times while murmuring, "Do they feel false, Kelsey? I'm impressed by their look; they're really not at all obvious. Please, sweetheart," she pouts, "can't I just have a little feel?" 

 Kelsey's throat works as Carla's fingers trace a feather-soft line from her shoulder to the exposed outer flank of one breast. She sucks in a quick breath when Carla's hand turns and strokes the back of her forefinger over sensitive skin. Despite her anxiety Kelsey shivers in response, the sensation not at all unpleasant. 

 "Oh," Kelsey moans, eyes closing. She sucks on her lower lip and lifts frightened eyes to Carla's face. 

 It's a struggle, but Carla resists the urge to lean in and suck at Kelsey's nipples. Slowly ... Go slowly. Don't scare her. Easy, gently ... But isn't she just the loveliest ... Oh God... 

 With a huge effort, Carla manages to keep the yearning out of her voice. She gently squeezes Kelsey's breasts, pouting and nodding an endorsement after cupping them both in turn. "Oh my God," she trills. "They're fantastic!" 

 Carla slumps back and gulps wine before grinning and deliberately breaking the tension. In a tone of enforced jocularity she says, "Worth every penny, Kelsey. I'm so envious." Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Kelsey Loves the Kissing ****** bygeronimo_appleby© Kelsey is relieved when she sees Carla's expression. It wasn't so bad after all. All Carla wanted was an experimental feel. Her mood lightens. She eases forward, spine straightening, skin gleaming. 

 Kelsey sips wine before saying, "I can't see why you'd be envious, Carla." She tilts the rim of her glass towards the other woman. "Your boobs look pretty good to me." 

 Carla thinks it's the perfect response - a superb opening. "Well," she says as though she's not too sure. "I suppose so. I do try to maintain my figure. I visit a gym, too. My legs are still in good nick and I'm happy with my boobs, but my middle..." Carla grimaces and glances down at the water. "I'm getting on and I feel a bit ... thick," she says, eyes rising to regard the other woman. 

 On cue Kelsey replies with, "I didn't think that when I saw you take off your robe. Really," she continues when Carla's eyes widen, her look incredulous. "You look good to me, Carla." 

 "You're so kind," Carla breathes as she offers Kelsey a warm smile. "Thank you. When I was younger," continues Carla, pose languid while taking a gulp at her wine. "I was quite a looker. I had men queuing. Had a couple fight over me, too." Carla laughs and waves her near empty glass. "So desperate, they were!" She chuckles, smile wistful. "Oh my," sighs Carla, "I did have some wild times." 

 "Really?" Kelsey says, responding in the only way she can think of at the time. 

 Carla's answering nod is emphatic. She grins, expression vulpine. "God yes. At uni." She waves a hand. "Before Harold ... I got up to all sorts." 

 Still stuck for words, Carla takes a hefty swig. "Really?" she repeats, gasping as the heady tang of the Rioja grips her throat. 

 Carla shrugs as though her libidinous past is of no consequence. "Men ... Women..." She fixes Kelsey with her sly look and, tone clandestine, asks, "Were you a bit wild too, Kelsey - In your college days?" 

 A swell of concern at the sudden reversal in the conversation rises in Kelsey's chest. Her heart leaps out of the blocks and sprints for the line. "Oh," she blurts. "Me? Wild? Uhm ... No, not really. I..." 

 Carla drains her glass. "Never been in a bath with another woman?" 

 "God no," gasps Kelsey." 

 "Never been kissed by another woman?" 

 Concern flares into anxiety, with outright panic only a couple of degrees away when Carla calmly reaches over the edge of the tub and places her empty glass on the floor. Kelsey sees the other woman's fingers grip the sides of the tub as she levers upright. She gulps, gasping in disbelief as Carla moves through the water towards her on her knees. 

 "Carla, what...?" she breathes, a hand going up. "God, what are you doing?" Kelsey turns her face away, a restraining hand against Carla's body. The glass is plucked from her fingers and quickly finds a home on the small shelf in the corner next to Kelsey's head. 

 Carla scoops water in the cups of both palms. She lets it fall over Kelsey's body again, her fingers then tracing the full, rounded globes before scooping up more water. 

 "Jesus," Kelsey hisses when she feels Carla's lips press lightly against her cheek. Instinctively she turns to face the other woman. "This isn't right," she mewls. 

 "Tongue," Carla sighs as she holds Kelsey's face between her hands. "Gentle ... Soft," she murmurs, locking Kelsey's anxious stare with her gaze. "You're so lovely, Kelsey..." 

 It's a shock when Carla leans in and traces the line of Kelsey's lips with her tongue. She gasps, the action giving Carla the opportunity to slip the tip of her tongue into Kelsey's slightly open mouth. 

 "Just a little kiss, baby," moans Carla, her lips pressing against Kelsey's cheek once more. She keeps up the gentle pressure, sighing, fingers going into Kelsey's thick hair. Some strands fall loose when Carla disturbs the clip holding Kelsey's hair in place. "Tongue," Carla murmurs again. "Come on, darling," she sighs, moving closer so her breasts are squeezed against Kelsey's boobs. "Give me the tip of your pink tongue." 

 The sensations are subtle but effective. The narcotic sigh of Carla's voice hooks Kelsey: there's no denying her body's response to the sound. Her libido thrums, a pulse finding life between her legs. She feels the urgency in the press of Carla's palms against her cheeks, the stealthy slide of the woman's tongue eliciting a burst of desire for more of the same while Carla demands her complete attention with her eyes. 

 Kelsey moans softly, her brain urging her to pull back or push Carla away while her insides clench and her body wakes. 

 "Tongue," urges Carla, the word almost inaudible. Her hands move from Kelsey's face, down over the younger woman's shoulders as Carla eases back and slides her palms over the full outer flanks of Kelsey's breasts. She teases both nipples with her thumbs, Kelsey sighing in response. 

 "Oh God," Kelsey breathes, her head moving side-to-side. "I can't ... Carla, we shouldn't..." she gulps. Even as she says it the need to feel Carla's gentle kisses yaws in the pit of her stomach, an aching void that has her squirming and moving in closer her lips parting. 

 Carla leans in when the tip of Kelsey's tongue appears. "No, darling, come on," she mutters as Kelsey balks and pulls back a second before Carla's tongue comes into contact. "It's so sweet, my lovely," she coos while sandwiching Kelsey's cheeks between her hands once more. Rising higher out of the water Carla uses the superior position to dominate Kelsey. She presses close and licks Kelsey's lips, the American's mouth opening in response, which gives Carla her opportunity to slip her tongue inside. 

 When Kelsey's tongue flicks against her own, Carla moans into the woman's open mouth. "That's it, baby," Carla breathes, gazing into Kelsey's eyes. "Soft kisses. Lovely kisses. It's so sweet, Kelsey. God," she sighs, throat working. "I could kiss you all night. You're so beautiful." 

 Kelsey grunts and attempts to pull away when Carla returns for a more forceful kiss. "Carla, please..." she tries, wriggling and turning her face away. 

 But Carla is insistent, gentle but unyielding as she turns Kelsey's frightened face back to her. "Don't you like it?" she asks, pecking Kelsey's lips with her own. "I think you like it really, Kelsey." Two more quick kisses and Carla continues with, "But you're scared, aren't you, poppet?" Carla kisses Kelsey again, this time gently pulling the other woman's lower lip between her teeth. "You don't have to worry, Kelsey," Carla whispers while caressing Kelsey's breasts with both hands. "Just kiss me, darling. Go with it. Listen to your body." Her thumbs tease Kelsey's elongated nipples, both teats thick points of arousal that betray the woman's true feelings. 

 When Carla goes in for another kiss it turns into a full-on snog. Kelsey gasps and moans and opens her mouth to accept Carla's squirming tongue. She returns the kiss with enthusiasm, lust an arterial burst inside her. Heat floods Kelsey's vulva. She feels her sex swelling, pussy oiling while the kiss rolls on and on, Carla growing more agitated the longer they're joined together. 

 "Yes," Carla murmurs, her smile beaming while pouring emotion into Kelsey's consciousness through her eyes. "That's it, sweetheart. Isn't it divine?" 

 Then they're at it again, with Kelsey moaning, desire bubbling when Carla takes her arm and moves it to where she can embrace the older woman around her torso. 

 "Hold me, darling," breathes Carla during a quick break. "Hold me tight. Kiss me. Feel me." 

 "Yuh-you've got a great body," Kelsey stammers while her hands move over Carla's skin. "You're toned and tan ... I don't know why you're so hard on yourself." 

 "But you're absolutely exquisite," Carla replies, moving in to suck Kelsey's bottom lip. "You must turn heads when you wear a bikini," she comments, a finger tracing the line where Kelsey's fading suntan meets the paler skin. 

 "Men look, yeah," Kelsey replies, rolling her eyes. 

 "I should bloody well hope so," says Carla, squashing her breasts against Kelsey's front. 

 They kiss again, with Kelsey's hands racing the unfamiliar contours of another woman's body. She's vaguely appalled by what she's doing. Kelsey knows guilt will follow but she simply can't help herself. She's drugged by a strong cocktail of impressions and feelings and emotion. It's weird, but despite loving her husband and never before having felt the urge to be intimate with a woman, the moments she's shared so far with Carla in the bath have thrilled her so much she can't stop herself. 

 Inside her head Kelsey convinces herself it will be a one-time deal, something never to be repeated. She tells herself it's a blip, she's experimenting - a girl-on-girl isn't really cheating. Hell, if Jim were here he'd be grinning and jerking off... 

 "If I had a body like yours," Carla is saying, "I'd be prancing around in the nuddy all the time." She kisses Kelsey one more time, easing out of the water, their tongues continually sliding and writhing together until Carla stands upright. "Dear God," Carla breathes, agog when Kelsey also stands clear of the water. "Turn around," she urges, a squeak of delight slipping from her when she sees Kelsey's taut derriere. "That is simply the most perfect backside I've ever seen," Carla gasps. "Oh my God..." 

 She steps out of the tub, narrowly missing the wine glass on the floor she's so occupied with running her hands over Kelsey's supremely crafted buttocks. 

 "God, the tan-lines," she breathes. "I want to see you in your bikini someday, Kelsey. Perhaps I should take you to our villa in Spain?" Carla turns Kelsey to face her again. She offers a helping hand and guides the other woman from the bath. 

 They kiss when Carla wraps a towel around Kelsey's body. 

 "Come on," Carla says, grabbing another towel while taking Kelsey's hand. "Let's go to bed." 

 The Bedroom 

 For Kelsey it's the kissing that makes it so different. Carla's soft yet insistent lips are like nothing she's experienced in the past. Jim is always so forceful, so dominant - whereas Carla manages to exert a level of control which guides more than forces Kelsey to submit to the older woman's will. Carla imposes authority and then relinquishes some of the control, allowing Kelsey to lead from time-to-time, her enthusiasm soaring. 

 Carla's touch is another element of surprise for the American: caresses instead of urgent groping; her fingers and lips finding places Kelsey had no idea could turn her on so much. 

 They're not even fully in the bedroom yet. They're standing just beyond the ensuite doorway locked in an embrace while they explore one another, tongues sliding in a serpentine dance as Carla's fingers push through Kelsey's hair and the clip finally gives up. 

 "You're stunning," Carla murmurs, her eyes soaking up every detail of Kelsey's face. 

 "Thank you," Kelsey replies, oddly shy considering what's been going on for the past quarter of an hour. 

 The younger woman finds herself engaged in more tender kissing while being led to the bed. Carla walks backwards, taking Kelsey with her. When the backs of her legs come into contact with the bed she slips the towel from Kelsey's body. 

 Carla drops her own towel and they're both naked, hands gliding over soft skin until Carla topples backwards. A yelp of surprise bursts out of Kelsey as they fall against the mattress, the American on top of the older woman. 

 "You're in charge," Carla smirks, amused eyes on Kelsey's face a few inches above her. "Having fun?" she breathes. 

 Kelsey's lips twist into a moue of consideration as she quickly ponders the question. She hasn't thought of the situation in those terms before, so far it's been a case of the scene carrying her along. Other than a brief moment of clarity in the bath she hasn't done much analysing, but now the question is out there she realises she's having immense fun. It isn't her husband beneath her but she'll deal with the emotional fall-out later. Kelsey is a little heady from the wine and drunk on the kissing, but regardless of how she's going to feel in the morning she wants more of this woman's lips and tongue. 

 "I'm having so much fun," Kelsey grins, eyes rolling. 

 Carla's smile broadens. "Good," she murmurs, a hand going to the back of Kelsey's head. "Kiss me." 

 *** 

 She didn't notice the pressure between her legs at first. Kelsey was too caught up in the texture of Carla's tongue and the tingles of pleasure she experienced when the other woman teased her nipples to thick elongated points of tingling flesh with her lips and teeth. Then it dawns her pussy is sluicing, pleasure radiating in waves while Carla eases her thigh back and forth, the tight spongy muscle goading tingles of arousal from Kelsey's cit. 

 It's soft and subtle and brings gasps of delight from Kelsey when the reason slowly percolates through. "God," she breathes, "I never knew..." 

 Carla chuckles, a deep rich sound steeped in erotic joy. "I've been fucking women for years," she purrs, hands going to Kelsey's buttocks. "I can turn you on in ways you've never imagined." 

 The casual delivery of the obscenity sends a leaden sinker of urgent desire to the pit of Kelsey's stomach. She gulps as her insides clench, carnal need suddenly imperative. She squirms while Carla's fingers knead her bottom, the older Englishwoman finishing by slapping a hand against one cheek, the weight of her thigh between Kelsey's legs a constant delight against her vulva. 

 "My God," Carla croaks. "I simply cannot get over how firm you are." 

 Kelsey laughs. "My ass," she chuckles, "always gets a lot of attention." She looks down at Carla with a rueful smile. "I work at it. In the gym ... You know, with the jogging too." 

 Carla returns Kelsey's smile, nodding. "I think I'll start jogging," she purrs. 

 Then they're kissing and moaning, with Kelsey's hips jerking convulsively while she presses her sex tighter against Carla's thigh. 

 *** 

 It isn't enough to get Kelsey there. The pleasure is intense and her pussy is swollen, her clit a bundle of tingles. She's close but needs something more. 

 "There's no rush, sweetheart," Carla breathes when she sees Kelsey's tortured expression. "We've got ages. We've got all tonight and all day tomorrow. The boys will be playing with their cars, darling. We've oodles of time for our little bit of fun." 

 Air hisses from Kelsey's nose. "I'm so turned on," she whines, jaw tensing. "I need to come." 

 Carla chuckles, her expression feline while she murmurs, "Oh you'll come, sweetie." She nods quickly. "I promise you. Aunty Carla will take care of that." 

 Carla pulls Kelsey's face down to hers, the woman's thick, streaked-blonde hair falling over them both. They kiss with burning ardour until Carla's hand on Kelsey's shoulder signals her intent. 

 The American goes with it, allowing Carla to manoeuver her through an easy roll, their positions reversed. 

 After a final quick peck at Kelsey's lips, Carla levers upright. "Turn over," she mutters, twirling a forefinger. "On your front. Let me get a look at your gorgeous arse." 

 Kelsey is quick to comply, resting her forward weight on her elbows while angling her hips and tilting her pelvis, her rounded posterior lifting at Carla's urgent demand. She knows the effect this pose will have, Jim has raved about the view often enough. 

 She waits, buttocks presented while Carla gazes at her core. 

 "Sweet Jesus," the Englishwoman breathes when she sees the scarlet, glistening gape, with Kelsey's meaty labia dangling. She reaches for the tensed twin globes and splays Kelsey's buttocks, the folds parting further with tacky reluctance as the dark roundel of the woman's sphincter is exposed. 

 "My pussy?" Kelsey asks, straining to twist round so she can look back at Carla. She nods and continues before Carla can formulate a reply. "Yeah, I know. I used to be so embarrassed about it. I mean, just look at them. Jim says I must've been gang-banged in college, but he's wrong. It's just the way I'm made." 

 Carla studies the ungainly lips, teasing one trembling fold with her thumb. "It's gorgeous," she sighs, sliding the same thumb over Kelsey's slippery clit. "You're gorgeous. I'm going to devour you." 

 Kelsey squeaks in surprise when Carla's tongue dabs at her sphincter. "Oh!" she yelps. "My ass!" 

 "I know, darling," Carla replies, pausing momentarily before going back to it, her tongue squirming deeper into the taboo smudge. 

 She goes at Kelsey with everything she has. Carla laps and licks, she probes and slurps while holding the woman's hips, mouth pressed against Kelsey's intimate places, her tongue exploring a pussy sodden with lust. She dabs at Kelsey's anus occasionally, each expeditionary wriggle bringing a gasp of appalled delight from the American. 

 Kelsey squirms and moans, pleasure whining out of her. She thinks it's the single most erotic experience of her life - when she's capable of coherent thought that is. Who would have known her body was capable of so much intense pleasure from such an unlikely source!? Carla's tongue squirming into her rectum is the best: nasty and wrong and so fucking good. 

 "Oh God ... Oh Jesus," Kelsey blasphemes, her orgasm simmering. "This is ... Oh shit ... This ... I ... You..." 

 "I'm going to make you come, you beautiful bitch," hisses Carla. She rises up onto her knees and grabs at Kelsey's hips, turning the American woman bodily so she's laid on her back, legs wide. 

 Kelsey's face falls slack when Carla drops down and resumes her oral assault, a finger probing the younger woman's opening. 

 "Oh my God," drawls Kelsey, wall-eyed with the pleasure of it when another finger slides alongside the first. She gasps and levers up onto her elbows, torso angled, chin on her chest, legs folding at the knees. Staring into Carla's eyes, with the older woman licking her clit, Kelsey feels the simmering climax rise to the boil. "I'm going to come," she squeals, teeth clenched. "Jesus, Carla," Kelsey snorts. "What the fuck are you doing to me? Keep rubbing me there. Oh ... Oh fuck..." 

 Carla keeps her fingers inside Kelsey as she once again rises to her knees. Her wrist is goose-necked, the tips of her fingers working the special place she can feel in there, the rough little patch against the spongy softness that has Kelsey squirming and gasping, wide-eyed and spitting like a feral animal trapped in a corner. 

 "Come on, baby," Carla murmurs, expression intent, gaze fixed on the other woman's face. 

 With her free hand, Carla mauls Kelsey's breasts. She then leans in to suck both nipples before moving up to slip her tongue into Kelsey's mouth. 

 The American grunts and wails into Carla's open mouth. Kelsey's chest heaves, stomach tensing, her legs juddering in spasm while the muscles in her thighs shiver with nerveless tremors. She falls back against the bed, a hand reaching for Carla's wrist. 

 "That's it," Carla breathes, her own big breasts swaying as she works vigorously at Kelsey. "Come ... yes, that's it. Come for aunty." 

 The familial reference makes Kelsey groan. It's perverted and wrong, yet the sheer wrongness of it has her orgasm spiking. She groans and gasps, teeth clenched, nose wrinkled as she snarls nonsense at Carla. 

 "That's a good girl," Carla grins, fingers smacking Kelsey's clit. "Let it all out, my darling," she coos, leaning in for another kiss. 

 Finally, eventually, Kelsey cools. Her climax tapers and she lays out all sprawling limbs, chest heaving as she sucks in deep draughts of air. She lies there for some time, eyes fixed on the ceiling, occasional moans and gasps escaping from her. 

 Carla sits on the bed in a mermaid pose while surveying her handiwork, one hand slowly caressing Kelsey's unblemished skin. 

 "Oh my God," Kelsey mutters, levering up onto her elbows. She gazes at Carla, agog. "That was just-" The American breaks off and shakes her head in wonder. "I don't know," she adds, cheeks ballooning. "I had no idea..." Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Kelsey Loves the Kissing ****** bygeronimo_appleby© A delighted laugh comes from Carla. She grins and winks and, in the second before her mouth touches Kelsey's lips, murmurs, "There's more to come, my darling girl. Lot's more." 

 Into the evening 

 Carla allows little time for a recovery. She settles herself over the supine woman on straight arms and then ducks in for more kissing. 

 "My tits," Carla hisses, her own need urgent. "Suck my tits, Kelsey." 

 Desire flares anew when Kelsey feels the dense weighty mass of Carla's breasts in her hands. She squeezes and kneads tit-flesh, the size and shape and texture of Carla's body so much different to her own. She finds it odd - the heavy globes are so familiar to her touch yet so strange, so like her own but so not the same at all. 

 She cranes up, straining slightly as she lifts her head to take one long, thick nipple between her lips. 

 "God yes, baby," Kelsey hears Carla sigh. "Both of them. Yes, that's it, sweetheart." 

 Kelsey suckles each teat in turn, the flesh extending as Carla moans softly. Then she becomes aware of the Englishwoman's thighs squeezing one of her own and it dawns that Carla is using her leg as a rubbing post. 

 "Do you want me to lick you?" the American breathes. "I've never done it before," she adds as Carla looks down at her. "But I'll do my best. If you want me to, I'll lick your pussy." 

 "Yes please," Carla squeaks. 

 She ducks in for a final time to plant a quick kiss against Kelsey's lips; then she's up on her knees and clambering over the other woman's torso, her depilated mound hovering over Kelsey's face. 

 Kelsey has time to notice pink lips peeping from the fleshier outer labia. She sees the shiny prepuce hooding Carla's clit glistening with arousal as she reaches up to take hold of the other woman's hips. Her fingers dig into the flesh of Carla's buttocks, the muscle firm despite the Englishwoman's earlier disparaging comments about her own body. 

 Then she's enveloped in the musk of Carla's sex, the scent fresh after their recent bath. It's another first: the aroma of a woman aroused; female genitalia smearing desire over her chin and mouth and cheeks while her tongue takes an experimental and surprisingly arousing few licks at slippery flesh. 

 "My cunny," Carla whines, her clit bumping over Kelsey's nose. "Kiss it, my lovely girl. Lick me. Flick my bean with your tongue..." 

 The vernacular is new to Kelsey but she gets the message, slurping and lapping at whatever part of Carla she can reach with her tongue. 

 It isn't a raging success, a result owing a lot to the awkwardness of Carla's positioning and ever-increasing tendency towards wriggling vigorously. Kelsey does her best but can't get Carla to the peak she is so desperately striving for. In the end, after five full minutes of frantic action Carla concedes defeat and falls away sideways. 

 "Let me get there with my fingers," she grunts at Kelsey, thighs wide, three stiff digits fucking into her opening. 

 Kelsey looks on, mouth hanging open while she watches the Englishwoman working at herself. The obscene squelching of Carla's body around her fingers sends a thrill of desire through Kelsey. She sits on the bed and gazes, her own thighs going wide so she can stroke her sodden pussy. 

 "God yes," Carla snarls, her hot-eyed stare fixed on where Kelsey's fingers are busy at her thick-lipped sex. "Let's wank together, Kelsey," she whines, head lolling, ponytail swishing along her back. The Englishwoman recovers and smirks at the American. "Let me come and then I'll give you a little surprise," she purrs, a sob bursting free a moment later. 

 *** 

 When she sees it, Kelsey goes up onto one straight arm from resting on her elbow. She's on the bed, boggling at what Carla has just walked in with. 

 "Oh my God!" Kelsey cries. "What the hell are you going to do with that?" 

 Carla holds it up, the straps dangling. "Well, the general idea is, my dear ... I'm going to fuck you with it." She waves the length of moulded latex, the dildo waggling. "I don't know about you, Kelsey," Carla smirks, "but I don't get ultimate satisfaction unless I've got something inside me." Her head cants to one side and Carla pouts, continuing with, "I absolutely adore the girl-girl thing - I really do. I love the tenderness and the kissing and the intimacy of being with another woman. But I do need something solid inside me to get off properly." 

 "Oh Jesus," Kelsey mutters. "I don't believe this, Carla," she adds, gulping, eyes fixed on the strap-on. "You're crazy." 

 "Good crazy or bad crazy?" Carla asks, giving the dildo's big bell-end a lascivious lick. She pops the cock-head between her lips, cheeks concave as she sucks. Carla laughs when she pulls the thing free of her mouth, positioning the length in front of her while arranging the straps around her hips. "What do you think, Kelsey?" Carla purrs, her fist jacking the knobbed shaft. "You ready for me?" 

 A minute or two later, after some heavy kissing and a few licks of Kelsey's sex, Carla settles between the other woman's thighs and aims the domed head at her opening. 

 "Oh fuck," the American groans when Carla lunges. "I don't believe I'm here. I don't believe I'm doing this." 

 Carla goes at Kelsey for several minutes. She kneels up and holds the other woman's waist, the dildo working in-and-out while Kelsey gasps and moans and rises up to meet the robust instroke. 

 Then the pair are locked in a tight embrace, breasts squashed between them, tongues dancing until Carla goes up onto her hands, pelvis moving in short jerky thrusts. 

 Kelsey's arms are stretched over her head, hands braced against the headboard, buttocks off the bed, abdominal muscles taut as she strains towards another climax. 

 "No," Carla gasps. "Not yet." 

 The dildo slides out of Kelsey, the shaft sullied with blobs of creamy lust. The woman blurts a protest, her cry turning into a yelp when Carla roughly rolls her onto her front. 

 "Up!" Carla growls, a palm smacking Kelsey's left buttock. "Lift up," she demands, another stinging slap landing on the left cheek. 

 "Okay," Kelsey gasps. "Jesus..." 

 Then she groans, head lolling forward when Carla eases in behind her and slides the dildo into her body. 

 "I can see it going in," Carla gasps, gazing at the sight of Kelsey's cunt accommodating the dildo's girth. "Bloody hell, Kelsey ... Your cunny... 

 "Oh god!" Carla blurts. "It's gorgeous watching this thing going in. you're so bloody lovely, Kelsey." 

 A few desperate minutes later Kelsey is on her elbows, pelvis tilted with Carla looming over her. Kelsey angles herself to take as much rubber cock as she can. It's lewd and crude and exciting. The American woman offers herself to Carla, pussy at the other woman's mercy while Carla gnaws her lower lip and squints at Kelsey's superb rear-end with intense concentration. 

 "Fuck me," Kelsey groans, a fistful of bed cover in both hands. She claws at the bed, moaning and gasping while urging Carla to do her worst. 

 The Englishwoman works Kelsey hard. She's robust, forceful while pumping energetically, the other woman on hands and knees, submissive and receptive. 

 Kelsey moans and grunts, sometimes pushing back, heels of her hands pressed into the bed while at others she leans forward and simply offers herself to Carla. She babbles and mutters obscenities, foul words she wouldn't use in front of her husband, succumbing to the dark urges she has no trouble articulating to the woman pumping at her with the strap-on. 

 Then it comes. Kelsey's climax hits her with the force of a train. She squeaks a warning and then judders, eyelids in spasm while her mouth gapes and she blurts in delight. 

 "Get up," Carla grunts, hips working as she fucks the dildo in-and-out. She tugs Kelsey's hair, urging her lover to rise up onto her knees. 

 Kelsey goes up with Carla's arms encircling her brisket, the Englishwoman's hands closing over Kelsey's breasts. 

 "Turn your head," Carla snarls, thrusting up hard, the dildo corkscrewing into Kelsey. "Kiss me. Come on, bitch ... Kiss me while you come," she adds in a croaking gasp. 

 Kelsey comes. She climaxes heavily in a snorting, squirming paroxysm of grunts and gasps and squeaks. Her arm goes back to encircle Carla's body as far as she can reach. She tilts her face to the ceiling and sobs her desire while Carla mumbles at her to turn her face towards her. 

 Carla's arms are around Kelsey's torso, hands cupping the other woman's breasts, fingers squeezing tit-flesh. "Come for me, my little pet," Carla snorts, desire a maelstrom inside her while marvelling at the aesthetics of the divine works of art cupped in her palms. "Tomorrow I'm going to introduce you to Marion. She's going to love you. There's more of this, you gorgeous sweet girl." 

 They kiss, which is more a wild licking at each other's tongue than any intimate sharing of emotion. It's purely carnal, an atavistic exchange as Kelsey comes, her instincts regressing to a primordial time. 

 Then Carla grunts while following Kelsey down onto the bed, the other woman collapsing facedown. 

 "Oh shit ... Oh fuck," Kelsey gasps, only vaguely aware of what it is Carla is suggesting. She can feel hot breath wafting over the nape of her neck while the big dildo stirs her insides. It's incredible, she loves it, this experience is an awakening and Kelsey wants more. In the moment, with Carla's weight on top of her, her pussy stuffed full of fake cock and her orgasm boiling Kelsey will agree to anything. 

 "Those silly men and their rally cars," Carla adds, leaning in as low as she can. "They should stay at home with us where the real fun is." 

 Kelsey turns her face to the sound. She twists, craning round until she can see her lover's face. 

 "I don't want them," Kelsey moans. "Not when we're doing this together. I don't want a man here." 

 Carla smirks and nods, pelvis slowing but never completely still as she murmurs, "And Marion, darling." She ducks in and kisses Kelsey's mouth. "Tomorrow, sweetie," she purrs, easing in deeper to make the other woman groan. "I'll get Marion to come over. She's a rally widow too. The three of us can have a few drinks and a chat and then get to know one another better." 

 A long kiss follows. Tongues slide and writhe together. Kelsey moans and Carla chuckles. 

 "Does that sound like something you might enjoy, Kelsey, darling? Rally widows fucking?" 

 "God yes, Carla," Kelsey gasps. "Yes please..." Report_Story 