#1 

 

 ****** Love in the Jungle ****** byGotBacon© Eric is 27 years old. He stands 6ft. 2in. Tall. He has brown hair and hazel eyes. He is an accomplished pilot and owns a single engine Cessna. He flies coke from Columbia to Puerto Rico. 

 He is looking for landmarks for his landing on a jungle airstrip 50 miles northeast of Bogota. He sees the small hill and lines up. The airstrip comes into view and he makes a rough landing. He makes a mental note to have the strip smoothed out. He taxis to the end of the strip and shuts off the engines. He pulls out his camo net and spreads it over the plane. He carries his camping gear into the edge of the forest about 100 yards from the plane. He checks his MP4 to make sure its loaded. He carries three thirty round magazines for it. He stays away from his plane and watches. He doesn't want anyone sneaking up on him. He will have to spend the night waiting for morning when the mules will bring his load. He slings his hammock and mosquito net between two trees and spays each end with Raid. He has learned that there are insects here big enough to carry off small children. He hangs camo net all around his camp. He sets up the rest of his camp and kicks back. Just before dark he eats dinner. He gets in his hammock and listens to the night sounds of the jungle. Soon her falls asleep. 

 Daylight is breaking and he wakes with a start. He holds still listening. His MP4 is at the ready. He slowly gets out of the hammock and looks around. He moves closer to the landing strip. He takes out his binoculars and scans the area. Satisfied, he squats and watches. Soon he hears the sound of small engines. He watches as two quad runners appear. They drive near his plane and unload some small bundles. The drive away. He listens to the engine sound. They slowly fade away. The he hears a change in the sound. One engine stops. He goes on high alert. He scans the edge of the strip with his binoculars. He sees movement and zooms his glasses in on it. He sees one of the guys that delivered the load. He is holding an AR15. He waits a while and takes steady aim. He squeezes off a three round burst and sees the guys head explode. He know that a rival cartel has his strip spotted. He watches a while and doesn't see any more activity. He grabs his camping gear and runs to the plane. He starts the engines and gets out to load up. He secures the packages in the cargo compartment, hops in the seat and taxis out. He slams the throttle to the firewall and takes off. He breaths a sigh of relief and he gains altitude. He won't be coming back here again. He levels off at 3000 ft. and sets the autopilot on a course for Caracas. He will land at a private airstrip near there and refuel before heading to Puerto Rico. 

 He kicks back and relaxes. He thinks about the close call he had. He will have to contact his supplier and find a new strip. He is wondering if he should quit. He has a few hundred thousand dollars in a Cayman Islands bank. He knows that something will eventually go wrong the longer he does this. He leans back and thinks of his girlfriend waiting in Florida for him. His 10 in. cock stirs as he thinks of the last time they fucked. She is the best fuck he ever had and she loves his big cock. 

 His reverie is interrupted when the engine starts missing. He sits up and turns off the auto pilot. He sees his air speed drop. The engine sputters and stops. He pushes the nose down to keep his airspeed up and starts looking for a clearing he can land in. Nothing looks good. He fastens his lap strap and drops his speed to just above stall. The trees are coming up fast and he lays over in the other seat. He twists his arms in the other seat belt and braces for impact. 

 Darkness. 

 Eric's eyelids flutter. He sees light and a figure. He tries to focus but his effort is in vain. He tries to sit up. He feels a soft hand on his chest. 

 "Be still. You are injured. Please be still." 

 He gives up on moving and tries to focus his eyes. His vision clears and he sees a strange looking woman beside him. She seems to be gold in color. Her eyes are more cat like than human. Her nose also looks cat like. She has no hair on her head. A short fine gold colored fur covers her skin. Her pointed ears are covered with the fine fur too. He looks down and sees a nice pair of breasts. Her nipples are dark and very large. They are the size of strawberries. They would easily fill a C cup. He sees a triangle of gold hair above where her pussy would be. He looks closer and sees her pussy lips showing through the hair. He looks at himself. They have taken all of his clothes. He is bare ass naked. 

 "Where am I?" 

 "You are in our village. Your flying machine is broken. You are injured and we brought you here." 

 "Who are you?" 

 "We are the people." 

 "The people. I don't understand." 

 "Don't worry. It will be explained later. Now you must rest. You are injured. A gift from Mother will help you." 

 She dips her finger in a small bowl of liquid and places it in his mouth. He licks it and the taste of honey fills his mouth. He slowly fades into darkness. 

 His eyelids flutter and open. He sees the same woman on her knees beside him. Her hand is resting on his stomach. She looks down at his cock. 

 "You are big and strong. Good." 

 She seems to like his cock. He wonders if he is going to get laid. He suspects he will. 

 "What are you called?" 

 "You may call me Bala. My name won't come from your mouth." 

 He understands that he wouldn't be able to pronounce it. 

 "Can all of you speak my words?" 

 "Some can. We learned your words from the men we bring here." 

 "You bring men here. Why?" 

 "To make children. We cannot make children." 

 It hits him like a bolt of lightening. They are all female and can't reproduce. The need men to keep their kind alive. Now he sees why she likes his cock. He will be their breeder. He wonders if he died and went to heaven or hell. 

 "You are strong enough to walk. I will help you." 

 Finally he will get a look at where he is. All he knows is the inside of the hut. 

 She helps him to his feet. He sways a little and she holds him around the waist. His arm is around her shoulder. Slowly they emerge from the hut. He stops and looks around. He sees a circle of huts. There are three more circles around behind those. He looks up and sees a double layer canopy. They can't be seen from the air. There is a large fire pit in the middle of the courtyard. He sees some larger huts that have open sides with tables in them. Women and young girls are busy all over the area. 

 As he steps out many heads turn and look at him. They look at him with a cat like smile. 

 "Can I have some food. I'm hungry." 

 "Yes. This way." 

 She leads him to a hut with a table full of fruit and nuts. He sits and pigs out. She watches him and shows her cat like smile. He eats his fill and asks her, "Can you take me to my flying machine." 

 "Not now. It's far away. You are not strong enough yet. You will not bring the white powder here. It is forbidden." 

 "I understand. I have some things I need. Nothing that will hurt you." 

 He wants his clothes, the money he was paid for this trip and his MP4. 

 "I think I am here to give you children. Is that right?" 

 "Yes. We need 25. Will you help us?" 

 'You have healed my wounds. I will help you." 

 She smiles and nods to him. 

 He starts thinking about him giving them babies. He figures that none of his genes will come in to play. All the children are female and they all look similar. He suspect that an enzyme in his sperm causes their egg to start dividing. They are all clones. There is some genetic variation that is probably caused by natural mutation. They are all slightly different in color and height, but they are all beautiful. He smiles, thinking he will be glad to give his enzyme. 

 Over the next few days he watches them closely. The move with a grace that is purely cat like. Smooth and fluid. He listens to them speak. It's a combination of growls, mews and looks. 

 Two mornings later, Bala comes to him. 

 "We will go to your flying machine today. You may bring what you need." 

 Bala and three other women lead the way. They are carrying bows, arrows and spears. They walk for about two hours and come up on the plane. It is covered with vegetation. They covered it so it can't be seen from the air. He digs out his camp gear, a small bag with some clothes and a packet of money. He checks and sees that his passport and all other personal documents are there. He reaches for the MP4 and Bala stops him. 

 "That is forbidden. You must leave it." 

 "I may need it." 

 "No. we will protect you if you are in danger. That is forbidden." 

 They return to the village. He puts is stuff in his hut. He asks Bala, "How long will I stay here?" 

 "You must stay 60 suns. You touched the bad plant. It will kill you if you leave. A gift from Mother will make you well. After then you can go." 

 "The bad plant. What is it?" 

 "Look at your leg." 

 She points to a small red spot on his leg. 

 "The poison is there. A gift from mother will make it go away." 

 "Where is Mother?" 

 She holds out her hand and turns around. 

 "Mother is here. She gives us everything." 

 It hits him. Mother is the forest. The get everything they need from the forest. 

 "How long have you been here? I do not know of your kind." 

 "We are here. We do not know how long. We stay away from you kind. The little people fear us. Your kind is bad for us. You are just for children." 

 He knows they are right. White man would have them all in whore houses or in zoos. 

 The next morning he wakes with the taste of banana in his mouth. He looks around. Bala is on her knees next to him. He looks down and sees he has a rock hard cock sticking up. Bala has her hand on his stomach. She dips her finger in a small bowl and takes his cock in her hand. She rubs the liquid around his cock head. His cock immediately starts throbbing. His horny level goes off the scale. She lays is cock up on his stomach and rubs the inside of her forearm on the underside of his cock. He almost cums. She looks at him and purrs. She moves over him and touches her pussy lips to his cock. He thrusts up trying to get his cock in her. She moves away. She holds his cock with both hands and moves over him again. He waits and watches. She rubs his cock head over her pussy lips. He feels her moisture on his cock. Slowly she drops on it. He feels it slide in her. She purrs and takes it all. He almost cums again. She holds still, letting him get used to her. Her pussy fells like any other pussy. Hot and moist. Suddenly he feels something inside her move over his cock. It feels like a mouth inside her. It slowly covers almost all of his cock. She purrs louder. She pushes down hard on him and the inside mouth starts squeezing is cock. It feels like nothing her had ever experienced. It starts milking his cock from the base to the tip. She senses he is about to cum and stops. She waits for him to calm down and the mouth starts working again. She brings him to the edge of cumming three times. He is going fucking crazy now. All he wants to do is cum. Finally she brings him up and lets him cum. 

 "Oh fuck, yes. Yes. Cumming. Yes." 

 He squirts and squirts. Each time the muscles in her pussy milks his cum into it. He squirts more times than ever in his life. It seems like he gave her a gallon of cum. She stays on him till his balls are empty. She slowly lifts off and lays beside him. 

 'You are a strong one. You make me happy. You are stronger and bigger than the others." 

 He hugs her to him and he feels her firm breast against him. He just had the most amazing fuck of his life. 

 "You are different than women of my kind. You make me happy too. I want to give you many children." 

 He suspects the fluid she put in his mouth and on his cock will keep him going for a long time. He never felt that horny ever. 

 He drifts off to sleep in her arms. 

 About two hours later he wakes up. Another woman is kneeling beside him. She looks younger than Bala. He decides to play with her. He smiles at her and watches her stick her finger in the bowl of liquid. She spreads is on his cock head. He feels the effects immediately. She starts to mount him, but he stops her. He reaches up and rubs her big nipples with his finger. She twitches and leans her head back. He hears her mewl. He pulls her to him and takes one nipple in his mouth. He sucks and licks it. He hears a low growl from her. He pulls her down beside him. He sucks and lick both nipples. Her growling increases. He holds both nipples and moves down to her pussy. He licks the top of her slit and moves her legs open with his knees. He lets go of her nipples and licks her slit. She growls and opens her legs wider. He pushes them up and exposes her pussy. It look similar to a human pussy. He licks her lips and she mewls and growls. Her pussy juice runs down her ass crack. He licks it up and sticks two fingers in her. He wonders if she has a G spot. He curls his fingers up and feels for it. Her ass humps up and he knows she has one. He look for her clit. He pulls up what looks like a clit hood and it pops up for him. He licks it a little. She growls and hisses. He decides to go for it. He rubs her G spot and sucks up her clit. She starts convulsing on his face. He hears the most ungodly howls, hisses and screams. She is cumming and cumming hard. He makes her cum a few more time and lets off. He moves up and slides his cock in her. Her pussy is convulsing as he slides in. Her muscles are super strong and he cums way too fast. She milks his balls dry. She throws her legs and arms around him and holds him in place. Her pussy keeps milking his cock. She finally stops and lets him go. He rolls over and holds her close. She purrs on his chest. He looks up and sees Bala watching them. 

 "What you did for her. It was good. Will you do that for the others?" 

 "Yes. That is how my people make children." 

 "That never happened before. It is new to my people." 

 "You can do this when I am gone. You can all be happy." 

 Bala looks at him and smiles. He has just introduced them to lesbian sex. 

 **************************** 

 Over the next two months he fucks 25 different women more than once. He is able to do 3 or 4 per day. The liquid helps a lot. One morning Bala comes to him. 

 "All the women are with children. You have done well. It is time for you to leave us. We will show you the way. We will cover your eyes for the first day. We do not want you to know where we are. It is a three day walk to your people. 

 The first day is rough going. He stumbles over everything. He is exhausted when they stop for the night and take his blindfold off. He strings up his hammock and crawls in. Bala gets in with him. 

 "This one is for goodbye. To thank you for helping us." 

 The fuck one last time and fall asleep. They walk for two more days. Two girls come running back. They say something to Bala and they all stop and crouch. 

 "We are near your people. Go that way and you will find them." 

 She turns and melts into the jungle. He slowly walks out of the jungle. He sees a small village. The children see him and run up. They circle around him, touching him to see if he is real. The lead him to the village elders. One man speaks English. 

 "You came from the jungle. How did this happen." 

 He explains that his plane crashed and he wants to go to the nearest town. The take him to a nearby river and give his a canoe. 

 "Go that way for two hours. You will come to a town." 

 ********************** 

 Two days later he is in Caracas. He goes to the airport and books a flight to The Dominican Republic. He connects with a flight to Miami. His girlfriend is waiting for him. They hug and kiss. She asks him a million questions as they drive to her house. 

 "Honey. I have a long story to tell. When I finish you won't believe a word of it." 

 The end. Report_Story 