#1 

 

 ****** Married Stud Helps &quot;DP&quot; a Hot Teen ****** byNonStopFunGuy© I don't fucking understand how some perverts get off on slutting out their own daughter or step-daughter to other men -- but, I won't argue with it either. 

 I mean, when one of those perverts BEGGED me to help another married guy double-fuck his gorgeous, sexy 18 year old Asian step-daughter, it didn't matter how pathetic I thought the guy was. Of course I said yes, I'll fuck that bitch's cunt for you! 

 * * * * 

 I get around well with young adult females in their late teens (18 or 19) and in their early 20's. I'm a coach of a highly competitive swim club, we have girls competing in all sort of national and, occasionally, international meets. Our team has girls from really young to young adult. Being in my mid-40's, and being constantly surrounded by these hot athletic females wearing nothing more than skin-tight swimsuits, you can imagine I'm always on the prowl for some pussy that wants to be fucked by my large boner. Besides some high school seniors who are 18, I also help train several college-age girls, plus I have team instructors who are 18 to 20 too. These babes look pretty fucking good in swim suits -- but look even better out of them. I might be married, but I'm not stupid. On roadtrips for meets, or at the pool before opening or after closing, I let myself enjoy naked fun with some of these young adult sluts. Sometimes even two or three of them at once. I mean, there's nothing like three 18- and 19-year old slutty swimmers, taking turns sucking your cock and sitting on your face to have their bald cunts licked deep. 

 Besides fucking these young women, I like flaunting it too. I take pictures of them when I can, either when they let me or they're too horny to stop me - - photos of them naked, or sucking my cock, or letting me fuck them, or eating each other's pussies. Then I go online into chatrooms and forums, to find girls or men who want to see the kind of fun I have, and I love hearing not only how hot the women are, but how lucky I am to get to fuck them. Makes me feel good about myself. I'm in shape and have a nice, decent-sized tool, but I'm not gorgeously handsome. Still, that I can get four or five different young women each year to have sex with me -- and my wife doesn't know a fucking thing about it -- must mean I'm a pretty hot guy, in some way. It's need to hear my masculinity affirmed by other men, who wished they had my sexlife. Or, even had a fifth of my sexlife. 

 So, I don't understand why some guys can't or won't nail a hot teen pussy right in front of them. But more on that in a bit. 

 Recently, I was in a chatroom for people who live in our area. We have a big, public university in our town, Tech State U., and there are a bunch of informal websites used by the college kids and other people in the area. A couple of them are a bit of a meat market, where college coeds go to find hot dates, so that's a chatroom I visit frequently looking for horny college girls or adult men who lust for them. 

 I'm in this chatroom, asking if anyone wants to see pictures of a couple of the girls I was banging this summer. One was a new instructor to our team, she was blonde, 21 and engaged; another was an 18 year old girl on the team I'd been coaching since she was pretty young, but waited to her 18th birthday to give her the gift of my big dick. Yeah, the very day after her birthday I let her suck it for the first time, then I got the honors of being the first adult boner in her tight vagina. So I was like, "who wants to see pictures of brunette slut fucking me only ONE day after her 18th birthday?" 

 That's when I started up a conversation with some married guy, Thom, who, it turned out, lived not all that far from me (not surprising, since the chatroom was mostly for people around TSU). He said he had pictures of his hot, 18 year old stepdaughter, whom he said was a petite Asian who liked adult cocks too. I like Asian bitches, so we hooked up on Yahoo! messenger and started sharing photos of the two girls. 

 His step daughter, Lucy, was smoking-hot alright. She was short and thin, like lots of Asian girls are, with proportionately petite, perky tits on her slender frame, with a shaved cunt and hot little ass, plus jet-black, long hair halfway down her slim back. She was gorgeous, too -- a model-pretty, thin, triangular face with high cheek bones and those sexy, slanted brown eyes. Thom told me he hadn't been fucking her himself; it was his step-daughter, after all, he didn't want to cheat on his wife and especially not with his wife's daughter. But Lucy had a cock-hungry cunt and had fucked a few adult men that summer already, and Thom somehow got pictures of her with one of them (from the guy himself, I guess). Thom sent me like ten pictures of Lucy nude and spread-open, then sucking a white guy's big dick, then on her back with that dick in her shaved Asian pussy, and then finally with the guy's cum squirted on her boobs and face. That's how I like sluts -- well-fucked! 

 In return, I sent Thom photos of the 18 year old I recently started fucking, Gina, with her mouth and count around my boner. Lucy's photos had me so turned on, I gifted Thom some other pictures I had too -- trying to show off my harem of girls I'd been fucking, including the 21 year old blonde, Leslie, and also photos of a threesome I had with a busty, red-headed 18 year old swimmer (Laney) and her horny, blonde 25 year old instructor (Nina). 

 I'd thought it was just a jerk-off chat, you know, him and me sending photos to each other over Messenger so we could stroke our dicks. But then he told me he had an "opportunity" for me. He had hooked up his slut Lucy with these other guys, and he was looking to do it again -- this time, with two men at once. He wanted to find a couple married guys who were horny enough to get naked at the same time with Lucy, and take turns boning her one afternoon at his house, or even double-fucking her. Thom was sure Lucy would enjoy it. 

 Staring at a photograph of petite, gorgeous Lucy on her back, naked, spreading her thin thighs open to show off her bald, wet pussy, my cock was achingly hard to fuck her. I tried to talk Thom into letting me meet her and fuck her myself, just to see if I'd wanna do a threesome with her. I didn't have any particular druthers against being nude with another man while she shared a bitch, in fact, I have an assistant coach on my team who's helped me tag-team some of our other instructors or adult swimmers in the past. But, if I didn't have to share, why share? 

 Thom, however, was insistent. If Lucy wanted to go on a date with me, that was fine, but he wanted me to meet her for the first time at his house with this other guy who already had agreed to come over. 

 This was pretty off-the-hook weird, you know. A guy looking for men to bang his step-daughter? It sounded legitimate, I mean, she was 18, so there wasn't anything wrong or improper about it (other than us all being married). It just sounded -- you know, weird. 

 Nah, I said, she'd hot, but I'll pass. It wasn't like I was going to have blue balls as a result, I had plenty of other young sluts to fuck. 

 The pervert, however, wasn't taking no for an answer. He knew I liked girls that age, and my cock was big enough to pleasure the petite step-daughter, and he hadn't had any luck finding anyone else he felt was right for the mission. 

 So he begged me. 

 "Please," he wrote, "PLEASE say you'll help Danny fuck Lucy. She'll love it and you'll cum a ton, her pussy is so tight. Maybe you'll get a new girlfriend out of it. C'mon man, how can you pass this up?" 

 Seriously, I've never had another guy begging me to fuck a girl. What a pervert he was, trying to hook up his hot step-daughter with other men. 

 Fine, I mean, what did I have to lose? 

 "Okay, if you really want me to," I typed back, laughing hard in front of my computer, "I'll fuck your bitch's cunt for ya." 

 Sometimes, you know, a man's just got to do, what a man's got to do. 

 * * * * 

 It was a scorching-hot, summertime afternoon that following Saturday, the second weekend of August -- a few days after the online chat with Thom -- when around noonish I was standing in front of the door to his house. He had a real nice place, at the far end of a cul-de-sac with his property backing to a grove of protective trees, and the house looked large and well-attended. I had come from swim club practice that morning; I had assistant coaches running them that afternoon, while I stepped out to "take care of a thing." By "a thing," I believe I meant a horny teenager's wet pussy. 

 Thom's appearance surprised me. I expected either a disgustingly fat or an unbelievably nerdy guy -- someone whom his hot step-daughter wouldn't want to fuck. But he was actually normal in appearance, around my age, with thick hair, a sturdy and fit body, and a strong handshake. I just couldn't explain why he really wouldn't want to put his own dick in his hot step-daughter. 

 He had me loiter around the front door of his house a few minutes, as we waited for "the other guy" to arrive. His name was Danny, and he got there about ten minutes after I did. Danny, to me, looked kind of pervy -- tall, thin, a few years older than Thom and myself (I'd later learn he was 55), with a wiry mustache and a suspicious glare in his dark eyes that bothered me. But what did I care, right. Like me, Thom hadn't met him before either, so it was a round of introductions inside that door. "Hi Danny, I'm Thom." "Nice to meet you, Thom." "And Danny, I'm Erick." (That's me.) "Hey -- Danny." How weird was all that, huh. Thom might have said, "Thanks for coming over to fuck my step-daughter." But he just kind of smiled stupidly, the purpose of our visit wasn't openly discussed, so we had a nervous energy about us, that sort of unspoken thickness in the air which was like the breath of an 800 pound gorilla in the room. 

 Ah, sexy Lucy changed all that. 

 Thom led Danny and me to the back of his house, where he had a large "sunroom" -- a small room with a few comfortable chairs, and instead of walls on three sides it had ceiling-to-floor windows and screens. The view out back was very relaxing. The thick row of trees lay at the far end of the property, with a thick carpet of lush, green lawn extending side to side. The house also had a small, stone patio out back. 

 Our host offered us water or soda to drink, which my fellow guest and I declined. Thom indicated for us to sit in comfortable, wicker chairs with padded seats, arranged in a semi-circle basicaly looking out the back of the house. While the temperature was too high to be comfortable outside, the bright sunroom was very acceptable; a steady breeze of cool air from the vents offset the heat generated by the sun-drenched windows. Danny and I settled into our chairs, wearing basically the same outfits, just shirts (mine a knit with a collar, his a t-shirt) and loose shorts. Thom had on a tank top and long jeans. 

 "So," Danny asked with an enthusiastic smile towards Thom, "when do we get to meet this Lucy of yours?" It was a good question. 

 The girl's step-father shrugged casually. "Any second now, she was just getting herself ready up in her room." 

 Danny's eyes turned towards mine -- we were seated across from each other, with Thom between us -- and the other pervert and I grinned. "Getting ready," huh. I figured, she was probably coming down in something extremely slutty, like lingerie. Something to get the festivities started right away! My dick was already hard in my shorts. 

 Just as Thom predicted, Lucy did indeed come down the steps of the house and stroll out to the sunroom a few moments later, but only to everybody's surprise. 

 She was just as beautiful as her porn pictures had suggested. Petite, thin, pretty, long dark hair, slim body. She had her hair brushed straight and long, and had sunglasses over her eyes, along with a wide-brim hat to protect her dainty, smooth skin on her face from the sun. However, she wasn't dressed like a whore going to a fuck-fest. Instead, she was wearing a loose, cotton sundress, and had an iPhone in one hand with earbugs snaking up to the sides of her face, as well as a large towel drapped over her other arm with a bottle of suntan lotion in that hand. She was headed out to the back yard to do some tanning! 

 "Ooh!" Her high-pitched voice revealed her discomforted surprise; but she also had an accent, as I found out that she was actually Australian, living in our fine country for only the few years. The sexy Asian-Aussie teenager stopped in her tracks, shocked to see two adult men she didn't recognize sitting there with her step-father. 

 Thom didn't get up from his chair, casually telling the 18 year old that we were a "couple of buddies" who had dropped by for a little bit, and she "shouldn't mind us at all." 

 Seeing Lucy dressed to tan and not to fuck, I wasn't happy either. But not only was she not trying to seduce us, she didn't even fucking know we'd be coming over! Turns out, fucking Thom hadn't even bothered to tell her that two men were coming over who wanted to spread her naked thighs apart. I was pissed at him, frankly, it felt like I was lied to -- you know, there wasn't even a guarantee she'd want to fuck. 

 But all would turn out well in the end, and actually, it would be kind of fun. 

 Lucy had a knowing smile on her face, as if she could tell she was being set up or something, because Thom hadn't mentioned he had guests coming over. Thom cajoled her a little, encouraging her to go about her business, pretending we weren't even there. "Backyard's all yours," he told her, waiving her towards the door to the backyard patio. 

 As the teenager slipped out of the room and into the hot sun, I heard her step- father mutter to the two of us: "You'll like this part, guys." 

 Oddly, I wasn't breathing, a little anxious as I sat still, staring out the windows of the sunroom at the petite brunette strolling into the middle of the lawn. Kicking off her flip-flops, she bent over to spread the towel on the grass, and her hot ass made a sexy shape in her sundress as she leaned forward. Then, standing upright, she grabbed her sundress and pulled it over her head. 

 Fuck, Thom was right -- I liked that part! 

 The teenager was in a light yellow, string bikini and thong. With her back to the house, Danny and I found ourselves staring at her essentially nude body. Her long, black hair covered two separate strands of string, one around her neck and the other across the middle of her back. Below her slender back, her gorgeous, petite ass looked almost naked -- creamy, soft, smooth, tight. Her string thong formed a yellow "T" shape that framed her two buttocks, with one string across her hips and the other down the middle of her cheeks, digging into her asscrack and out of sight. Her legs were slim and athletic, very tasty. 

 Danny whistled in front of the hottie's step-father, his eyes bugging out as he stared at her in the string thong. "Damn, she's got one hot piece of ass." 

 If we were going to be open about our thoughts, I didn't hold back either. "She's really fuckable," I agreed. 

 The three of us, her step-father included, watched Lucy lay herself down on her towel on the lawn, on her stomach, that hot butt facing up to the bright, cloudless sky. She snapped her iPhone on, then reached to grab her suntan lotion. 

 "Quick," Thom said, "one of you two, go ahead, go out there and offer to put the lotion on." 

 Danny was already thinking of that. "Yup!" he cheerfully announced, already standing up, bolting towards the back door. 

 Beaten to the punch, I just sat back in the chair, an erection in my shorts, watching what was about to unfold, as Danny introduced himself to the sexy, almost-naked female. 

 The tall prick had a way about himself, and air of confidence as he strolled out to the yard. He called out to her, and she rolled her head in his direction. He stood over her, talking to her, and I could see her looking up at him. She smiled nicely and shrugged, and he kept talking. He was trying to talk her into something, using his hands emotively for emphasis. She shrugged again, smiled, and relented. Danny walked around her and kneeled at her side -- making sure he was on her side opposite the house, so the two of us in the sunroom could see her body still. The pervert reached over her to grab the suntan lotion, and he liberally poured a palm-ful of the white liquid onto his hand. Then, he turned his hand over and began smearing the lotion on Lucy's petite, slender shoulders and narrow back. 

 It was like watching a porn movie, seeing Danny's hand caressing Lucy's soft, divine skin, moving lower down her spine. Soon he was rubbing the small of her back, his hand closing in on her nude asscheeks. I kept waiting for him to grab her ass, but he didn't -- not then, at least. He said something to her and sat back, and poured more lotion on his hand again. This time he reached to her dainty, little feet, rubbing lotion on her soles and ankles, then his hand moved upward, caressing her taut calves and backs of her knees, then rubbing her thighs, rolling his slimy palm over her smooth skin. I couldn't see Lucy's eyes under her sunglasses, but she was grinning, maybe a bit nervously. 

 Eventually, Danny's hand reached her butt again, the only part of her body that didn't have lotion on it. She'd only met him, what, less than five minutes earlier? And yet, she didn't have any problem about him fondling her ass. 

 Danny slid his hand with his wedding ring over the girl's buttocks, his hand bigger than either of her buttocks. He reached down and smeared the lotion on her cheeks, his palm and fingers sliding around, smothering it on her skin, from hip to hip, and up and down her asscrack. He didn't stop, really, even when her ass was well-covered; she let him continue fondling her gorgeous, teenage tush, even if it was only for his amusement. But the two of them were talking nicely, although I had no idea what the conversation was. 

 Next to me, Thom kept staring at the male groping his step-daughter's ass; he was as turned on as I was, perhaps more, by what we were seeing. 

 The married stud's hand eventually came off the girl's butt, and he just sat on his back under the sun a few minutes, talking to her, laughing with her. It seemed like an inane conversation not really keeping her attention, and she began paying attention to the music coming through her earbuds. So Danny stood up, rubbing his hand clean of lotion against his hairy legs, while looking towards the sunroom. He bid adieu to the girl, and came back to join Thom and me in the comfortable room. 

 "She's pretty awesome," he told Thom as he settled into his chair, "and yeah, her ass is fucking, like, amazing." He winked at me, as if I should be jealous that he groped it and I hadn't. I didn't let myself get upset about it, I figured, the afternoon was young. 

 The three of us horny adult men began talking about Lucy and young women, while we just stared at her tanning out in her backyard. Her butt looked marvelous, glistening under the hot sunlight, and her back became sweaty and sexy. Thom was telling us, she'd met a couple of his buddies earlier that summer, and already fucked three of them. Thom had even watched her fuck his buddy the first time, although that was out in the backyard -- where she was at that very moment -- while Thom was hiding upstairs behind a window. As I sat there, I had the image of Danny and me out back, screwing the bitch too, but I would be wrong about that. Good thing, too, because it was so hot outside. 

 After listening to probably five songs or something, maybe twenty minutes or so, Lucy pushed herself up from her towel. I got to see the frontside of her yellow string bikini, and the view there was just as sexy as from the backside. The top barely covered her A-cup boobies, she had perfectly-proportionate, round orbs on her skinny chest. The bikini thong dove low on her abdomen, barely just covering her cuntlips, so most of her skin was uncovered. She was gorgeous, my dick was fully engorged in my shorts with the thought that I could be fucking her sexy body sometime that afternoon. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Married Stud Helps &quot;DP&quot; a Hot Teen ****** byNonStopFunGuy© She didn't stand up for nothing. Lucy slipped on her flip-flops and glided slowly accross the lawn then patio, coming into the house wearing only the string bikini. Standing in front of the three of us, not trying to hide her amazing body from the two strangers her step-daddy had invited over, she told Thom in her sexy Aussie accent that she was "super hot" and needed a bottle of water. I thought to myself, drinking a bottle of water wouldn't change the fact that she was, absolutely, "super-hot." Then she looked at Danny and me, sweetly asking if we wanted any water, too. This time, he and I both said yes to her. 

 Danny's head whipped around, as Lucy passed him to walk into the kitchen. He snickered to Thom, "How can you stand it, having that hot piece of ass in your house and not trying to bang it yourself?" Thom played it cool, shrugging of the suggestion that he had any prurient interest in his wife's daughter. 

 "Your wife," I suggested, "must be pretty hot herself?" I had the image of a petite Asian woman in her 40's. Thom nodded quickly, saying his wife was indeed "extremely attractive." Fortunately for our purposes that afternoon, his wife was out with her sister and young nieces at some event downtown, so we wouldn't be seeing her until late afternoon, if we were to bother to stay that long. He quickly explained Lucy's accent, too; her mom has been in our country for a few years, and when Thom and the mom got married a couple years ago, Lucy moved to America to live with her mom and finish high school (although she had to be set back a year, so she was 18 but still had her senior year to go). 

 I noticed the sweet aroma of Lucy's hot, almost-naked body, as she came back into the sunroom porting three cold bottles of spring water. I detected a perfume she was wearing, mixed with the natural, feminine aroma of her sweaty skin and nearly-exposed genitals. She smelled hot, she turned me on just being near me. In fact, she stopped to stand directly in front of me, the side of her body facing me, as she opened her bottle to take a drink. Arching her back, I saw the shape of her A-cup boobies and her skinny tummy, plus her thin, curved buttocks virtually uncovered. My dick leaked precum, with my brain filling with images of her naked, riding me. 

 Thom was having Danny briefly introduce himself to her, again, even though he'd already played with her ass a little out in the backyard. She stood there, showing off that virtually nude body to him and me. She was teasing us that way, intentionally or not it didn't matter. She giggled lightly at every stupid thing Danny said about himself, the guy was hamming it up being a little too self-depricating. 

 Her step-father said, you should sit down, baby. But there were only three chairs in the room, and all were occupied by us adult men. So Thom said, "Just sit on Erick's lap, he won't care." 

 The Asian hottie turned to look at me next to her, blushing a little, with a white, toothy smile on her face. "Yeah, you sure, Mister?" Damn, I loved that down-under accent she had; I wish I could reproduce it when typing this. 

 I patted my lap as I leaned back on the wicker chair. "Sure, have a seat, sweetie." 

 And the sexy bitch in the string bikini sat right on my lap! 

 I felt her sweaty skin of her exposed ass and thighs, as she squatted sideways on my lap, her knees together, her hands in her own lap. She was light, she couldn't have been over a hundred pounds for sure. The feminine aroma of her body seduced me more strongly than a few moments earlier. I tried not to stare, but having an almost-naked 18 year old beauty sitting on your lap is hard to ignore. Her eyes flirted at my gaze a few times, catching me staring at her smallish titties from the side in her skin-tight bikini top, and her nude hip with only the string of her thong arching above it. She was luscious, and my erection almost hurt as it strained against my shorts. But she wasn't up against my crotch, she wasn't in contact with my tool. 

 Danny was telling her how he used to run this center for under-privileged women and children, and had met his second wife through it -- as well as other women. He was politely trying to say, he had banged some poor and immigrant women time to time, including girls 18 and 19, like Lucy. Sort of proof that he liked girls her age. Lucy smiled sweetly, saying he sound so nice for helping women out like that; hard to tell if she was buying his bullshit. 

 Then, it was my turn. Thom told me, tell her about myself. With her smiling at me while sitting gently on my lap, I leaned back on the chair, relaxed and casual, explaining how I ran one of the swim clubs in the area, I had top-notch swimmers from high schools and TSU training with me. "I get to meet quite a few sexy gals, your age, a bit older too," I winked at her, "you'd fit right in - - if you like to swim." She laughed and begged off, explaining she wasn't a swimmer. I whispered under my breath to her, "Well, at least, you look great in a swimsuit." That made her blush, but she grinned proudly. 

 Her step-father wanted more details from me. "Didn't you tell me," he said, almost unapologetic, "that you're dating one of your swimmers now?" 

 Lucy looked at me with an inquisitive, raised eyebrow, so I didn't disappoint. Even though she knew I was married, and could see my wedding ring, I just said without bravado, "Yeah, Gina, I've known her a while, but when she turned 18 earlier this summer, I took her out, one thing led to another, and now she's kind of my secret girlfriend -- well, one of them." I winked at the gorgeous Asian slut, a very macho sneer on my face. "What can I say, I like being around sexy, younger women, as long as my wife doesn't know about it." 

 "Oh, yeah!" The young Aussie adult didn't seem bashful about it whatsoever, returning my comment with a knowing grin. "Mmm, as long as no one finds out, who's to complain, am I right?" 

 That's when her step-father wanted her to provide more details, too. He told Lucy to tell us about her summer so far. She blushed, and stared back at him with a nervous grin like he couldn't be serious. He didn't sound pervy about it, he just said, "Tell them what you've been up to." She made it sound innocent, saying she liked to go to pool parties with friends from high school, and was "making new friends, meeting new people." As Lucy said that she blushed, and looked at Thom; he lifted a hand, encouraging her to say a bit more. "Well, I kinda started dating one of Daddy's friends, Alex," she admitted while staring at me, squirming her petite, sexy body on my lap, "he's married too, so, I know what you mean, about your wife not finding out and all that." Then she let out a nervous giggle before continuing. "And, well, um, I have been on dates with Brad and Charlie, too, other friends of my Daddy." I thought it was cute how she called Thom her "Daddy," when of course he was only her step-father, and she'd only known him a couple of years. Sort of made sense why he wasn't trying to poke his own boner into her; they apparently had something of a normal father/daughter relationship. 

 But I wasn't her father, so my interests in her were exclusively sexual. I was really liking this horny chick very much; she definitely was my kind of 18 year old. Gorgeous and slutty! 

 By this point in the conversation, I had one hand stretched out to touch the naked, soft skin of her lower back. She didn't mind, so I lightly caressed her sexy, slick skin with my fingertips. My hand slipped down bit by bit, and soon, my fingers were tracing her skin along the edge of her bikini thong's string. My hand slipped lower that the line it drew across her pelvis, and soon, my fingers were caressing gentle circles on the very soft, smooth skin of one of her buttcheeks. It was more friendly than sexy, and I wasn't openly groping her ass. But my fingers were definitely touching it, stroking her skin, she unquestionably felt this stranger's hand against her nude buttock, to the extent it was exposed as she sat sideways on my lap. 

 Danny started talking about a 19 year old he had been "hang out with" recently, a coed at Tech State whom he'd met at his stepson's apartment near campus. He said his "current" wife (that's how he described her) had met this girl, even "liked her for herself," and the three of them had taken an overnight trip to the beach, a few hours' drive away from our town. "Makes it a lot easier when you don't need to keep your wife from finding out," he laughed haughtily. 

 The implication made Lucy laugh, her eyes opening wide at the thought of a man and his wife sharing a 19 year old girl. But she didn't seem surprised at hearing that sort of thing happened; more just surprised that he said it out loud to us. I didn't believe the story, myself, but who knows. If he had a wife who liked to swing both ways, Danny was a lucky man indeed. 

 So we all knew we all liked to fuck other people besides our spouses; and Danny and I banged young chicks regularly, and the young chick in the room like banging married men. I know my erection was pretty fucking stiff in my shorts by that point, having the basically naked girl sitting on my lap, and I would assume Danny was hard, too. 

 The girl's pervy step-father clearly was enjoying the sexual innuendo; although none of us were being explicit, he could see that the two men he brought home for Lucy were appropriately appreciative of her looks and youth. I could almost see his mind working away, listening to us three talk, thinking of how to spur us forward. 

 "So Lucy," Thom finally said, interrupting our banter, "could you be a doll, down in my basement office, I left my cellphone down there, could you bring it up to me?" Then, he looked at the two of us guys seated on his sides. "If either of you wants to use the bathroom downstairs, Lucy can show it to you." 

 I didn't really have to go, but when Danny said he was good, I took the chance to accompany the sexy Aussie brunette downstairs. "I'll go," I said, standing up after the 18 year old climbed off my lap. My eyes were glued to her tight, nude buttocks, as she led me through the kitchen into the large house, then to the stairway to the basement. My skin kind of tingled on the back of my neck, being alone with her in her home's finished lower level, and my dick made an obvious large bulge. 

 First, we passed her step-father's messy basement office, with a computer, large desk, papers all over it, that sort of thing. She stepped around the desk and unsnapped his phone from the white power wire, giving me another full look at her naked back and butt, other than for the strings of her bikini. As she came back to me, I saw the nipples on her A-cup breasts were rock-hard, making obvious bumps on her yellow bikini top. The air in the basement was particularly cool, which probably accounted for her nips being so hard. That, or she was hot for adult cock. 

 "Here's the bathroom, love," she pointed out with a playful grin, opening the door to it. 

 I stood there, staring at her tits in her bikini top, and the tight crotch of her thong over her teen cunt. I licked my lips, and let her see me admiring her body. When I glanced to her slanted eyes, the Asian hottie was peering down at my crotch too, where my fat dick was making an obvious tent in my shorts. I couldn't repress my thoughts. "You're so fuckin' hot," I moaned to her, "your married boyfriend is real lucky -- but you aren't dating him exclusively, are you, I mean, you go out with other guys, don't you?" 

 She blushed as she looked up at me, she was quite a bit shorter than I. In her thick accent, she muttered to me, "Oh, no, we're not, you know, dating like that -- I mean, he IS married -- we're, just, you know -- havin' fun." The look she gave me at that moment, it was hungry and sexual. She bit her lower lip, too. 

 Sensing she was not merely flirting but giving me an opportunity, I whipped out my cellphone from my shorts' back pocket. "Here," I told her, flipping through it, "let me show you the girl I'm dating now, you'll see I'm not making it up - - I'm pretty good with girls your age." I pulled up a photo of the pretty brunette Gina, in a swimsuit sitting in my car, showing her sexy, tanned legs. "That's Gina," I said, holding the phone so Lucy could see it. Then I flipped to another picture. "And here's her, too." In this second picture, Gina was totally naked on a hotel bed, laying back, showing her bald pussy with my sperm dripping over it. "That, kinda, like how your dates with the married guys go?" 

 "Ohh, yeah," whispered the horny slut, staring at the photo of the naked, fucked girl on my cellphone. I let her take it from me, she flipped through a couple more pictures, admiring what she saw. She held it back up to me for one picture, asking, "Is that you?" In the photo, I'd taken a picture of my fat penis inside Gina's mouth, stretching her cheek, as she kneeled in front of me. 

 With an air of macho, I confirmed that indeed was me, but as I explained, "Not much of me you can see there -- here, here's a better picture." I grabbed the phone back and scrolled through the gallery to an earlier photo from that spring, during an overnight swim meet. I found exactly what I wanted, a picture of me sitting naked in a motel bed, with my fat erection jutting out of my belly halfway up my chest; next to me on the bed was a naked 19 year old swimmer, Laney, a hot redhead with perky boobs, shaved vagina, and a very athletic, almost muscular upper body. "Better pic of me, with one of my other girlfriends." I saw Lucy's eyes get large as she spied the photo of my extra- large erection, and I smirked proudly. Another picture of Laney caught Lucy's attention, too. "Here's Laney with the girl who took that other photo." This other picture was in the same motel room, with Laney making out with my 25- year-old assistant swim team instruction, Nina, a sexy blonde with big tits. The two girls had their fingers in each other's cunts, mutually finger-fucking one another while they were sliding tongues into each other's mouths too. "Laney is really fuckin' friendly, as you can see." 

 "Mmm, I can see," purred the hot teen slut, handing me my phone back. Her eyes went to the bulge in my shorts, having seen the photos that confirmed what a man I was. "You look pretty friendly, too!" 

 My back was against the wall, in the dim hallway of the basement. Other than the light hum of the air conditioning unit, the place was utterly quiet; Thom and Danny upstairs seemed a million miles away. With the 18 year old staring at my cock-filled crotch, horny for the pictures of me fucking other girls, I made a move that I was sure would be accepted. "If you liked that picture," I sneered in a friendly way, "I bet you'd like to see this?" 

 I slipped my thumbs inside the elastic waistband of my shorts, pushing them and my underwear forward -- not down, really, but away from my body, giving my erection room to breath, and more importantly, giving the teenager an opportunity to lean forward and look inside my shorts, and see my tool with her own eyes. 

 She did exactly that, leaning forward, gazing at my seven and a half inch penis. "Ooh, WOW!" I heard her swear under her breath, too, her eyes locked on the sight of my throbbing erection inside my shorts. 

 With her approving what she saw, I pushed my shorts down, past my shaved, fat balls, and my pulsating cock flopped into position, pointing straight at her. "As you can see," I giggled, "my big dick is awfully glad to meet you, and wants to be your friend -- why don't you give it a little kiss, if maybe you wanna make a new friend?" 

 The slut from down under leaned forward, bending way over, putting her arms against the wall to steady herself. She puckered her thin, red lips, looking up at me with those gorgeous, brown slanted eyes, and she indeed touched her lips to the wettened, fat head of my penis. "Mmm, I would love to be its friend," the horny bitch snickered, grinning. She kissed down the shaft a bit, dropping to her knees now, looking up at me with my redhot, married erection in front of her face. Her mouth opened, and she began sucking my dick a little -- just the fat helmet, and a bit of my shaft, too. 

 "Oh, yeah," I complemented of her hot lips on my cock, "you're very friendly, aren't you." 

 I leaned against the wall, undulating my hips softly to gently fuck her mouth, but a few moments later we heard her father's voice from the top of the stairs. "Lucy, you still down there -- can't you find my phone?" 

 She looked up at me, still on her knees, rubbing her cheek against my boner as she called up to her father. "Yes, Daddy, I got it." She pouted, knowing we would be interrupted. The bitch absolutely wanted to keep sucking my dick, as her smile to my face proved. 

 We heard her father start coming down the stairs -- slowly, fortunately -- so she stood up, and I quickly pulled my shorts up. He found us standing near each other, grinning, but otherwise not in any compromising position; not that he would have cared, of course, and perhaps might have preferred it anyway. He retrieved his phone from Lucy, and immediately checked his messages. 

 "You know," Thom said to Lucy as I stood there, wishing he was gone so she could have kept sucking my dick, "I was telling Danny how we remodeled your room this summer -- thought maybe, you know, you might want to take Danny and Erick up, and let them see it? I know how proud of it you are." 

 Go up and see her bedroom? So now my faith in the guy was being restored. He was working to set us up with her for an afternoon sex romp. 

 Lucy giggled, sensing the same thing. "Oh, really, Daddy?" she said to her step-father. "You think I should?" Her voice sounded surprised but a little excited. 

 He was still looking through his cellphone, as if only half paying attention to her. "Yeah, of course, we spent a lot of money on it, to make it look good - - you might as well show it off!" 

 "Umm -- alright, if you want," she giggled again in her Aussie accent, taking my hand in her petite, soft hand. "C'mon up, then." 

 Once more I found myself staring at Lucy's naked butt, as she led me up the stairs. We found Danny loitering around the hallway, looking at family photos on the wall. "Daddy wants me to show you how we fixed my bedroom," she told him, almost blushing with embarrassment as she said it. I got the feeling, she would have rather said, her Daddy told her to go upstairs and get fucked, instead of using a stupid cover story like remodeling her bedroom. 

 Danny didn't argue. "Lead on," he said, winking at me as he pointed at her fine ass when she walked past him. 

 The petite 18 year old led us to depraved, married fuckers up the stairs to the home's second floor, and straight back from the steps and railing to her closed bedroom door. She opened it, letting us walk past. 

 Actually, I had to admit, her room looked pretty fine. The walls were in a two- tone, part lavendar and part dark purple; her large bed had tall posts on it, with an opulent, white-wood frame. The carpet was thick and shagged, and she had a 42-inch TV hung on the wall across from the foot of the large bed. The bed, itself, was raised on a carpeted platform a foot high, diving her entire room between the lower and the higher part. Adorned lamps were in each corner. Really, it was like a grown-up girl's room; not teenage, instead, more mature, but definitely feminine. 

 The slut in the string bikini stopped in the middle of the room, turning to smile at us, blushing. "So, here it is," she laughed, waiving her arms around, indicating that, indeed, this was her bedroom. But her eyes fell to my crotch again, as well as Danny's, and she licked her lips a little. 

 Behind me, I heard her door shut firmly, closed with a thud by Danny. He played with the doorknob, but it didn't have a lock, so he gave up on it. As he stepped forward towards her, I did the same, and a couple moments later, us two tall, middle-aged guys were sandwiching the petite teenager, staring down at her pretty face and hot body. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Married Stud Helps &quot;DP&quot; a Hot Teen ****** byNonStopFunGuy© We didn't even say a fucking thing, really, as we began the sex. I reached forward, one hand on her tit through her bikini top, while my other hand dropped to fondle her naked buttock. Danny grabbed her other breast and slid a hand to her crotch, while he bent down to kiss her. He wasn't asking for permission; she didn't resist, however. I watched the 55 year old, dark-haired, mustached pervert begin french kissing the Asian teenager right in front of me, while my hands were fondling her smallish tit and soft, firm buttcheeks. Her body was alive, vibrant, wiggling in our adult paws as we manhandled her. Her bikini top loosened, with Danny untying it; I pulled it away from her, exposing her awesome, perky A-cup breasts. Lucy's nipples were dark brown and short, but extremely hard, and she had small areolae around them. My hand kneeded her one breast, pinching and stretching her nipple, making her moan more into her hot, wet kiss with Danny. I wasn't jealous; she'd been sucking my cock a few moments earlier. 

 While the other guy made out with her, I bent down a little, peeling her string thong down, digging the string out of her asscrack so that I could slide it down her thighs. She stepped out of it, and Lucy was completely naked now, her shaved, bald cunt exposed to Danny and me. He already had a hand on it, fingers rubbing her teenage clitoris, while he was shoving his tongue in her mouth. I stood up and kept groping her naked asscheek, it was so fleshy and smooth, so dreamy; I pushed my pelvis forward, too, so she could feel my aching erection in my shorts against the side of her hip and chest. 

 It just happened naturally, she felt my cock, her hand went to it -- and her hand grasped Danny's penis through his shorts, as well. He and I simultaneously yanked our shorts down, and also removed our own shirts, so we were as naked as Lucy. The hot bitch fell to her knees between us, and a moment later, she had her petite hands on our fat shafts, looking up at us, with two hot, hard married cocks pointing at her face. I don't think she'd been with two men at once, she was nervous, for sure -- but really fucking horny. Eyeing up our pricks, she smiled at our faces, sneering, sensing how much fun she was about to have. 

 Danny loved that look in the young Australian bitch's eyes. "You like our pricks, don't you, you're a little cocksucking bitch, aren't you?" She didn't seem put off by his assessment; she just snickered, gazing at the two naked cocks in front of her Asian face. 

 My cock's was longer than Danny's, by a little bit; I know my erection stretched 7.5 inches, so his was around 7, if I had to guess. Both of us were cut, and I had a bigger, mushroom-like cockhead, while his helmet was more pointy. The shaft of his dick was straight, sort of universally thick, while mine was noticeably thicker at the base, sort of tapering towards the tip where it sprouted my huge cockhead. Both of us were rockhard, with purple veins bulging on our shafts, and our dicks twitched as they stuck out of our flat abdomens, pointing at the slut's face. 

 Lucy wrapped her petite fingers around the base of each of our cocks, holding them, pointing them at her face, looking up at us. Then, she started to go to work. She opened her mouth and put it around my dick again, stroking Danny's penis while she began mouthing mine. I looked at him, and he winked at me, as both of us prepared to jointly fuck the slut's mouth. Lucy salivated all over my cockhead, getting it very wet, before backing off. She slid her fist up to where her tongue and mouth had been, getting her palms and fingers wet, lubricated, so she could start fist-fucking my penis using her spit as juice. While she stroked my boner, she began sucking Danny's married cock, and the stud pushed his erection into her teenage mouth. I had seen girls sucking off other men in front of me before, and it kind of turned me on, it's sexy to see a female enjoying a big, hard boner. 

 "Fuck yeah, you hot slut," grunted Danny with approval, "suck our dicks, show us how you like cock so much, baby." Then he looked at me and sneered. "We got ourselves one hot, horny whore here, don't we, buddy?" 

 The Asian slut on her knees went back and forth, sucking Danny's and my dick alternatingly, staring up at us with lusty eyes. Our four hands stroked the long, black hair on her petite head, encouraging her to keep sucking us, even pushing her head down to shove a bit more meat into her mouth and even a bit into her throat, causing her to make light gagging noises. 

 Knock, knock, knock, came the sounds on her closed but not locked bedroom door, followed by the booming voice of her stepfather. "Lucy -- you all in there, you guys doing alright?" 

 She had to pull my penis out of her mouth to answer him. Coughing a bit, clearing her mouth of saliva and precum, she moaned to her perverted stepfather with her accented voice, "Yes, we're fine, Daddy." 

 I swear I heard him laugh, before he asked through the closed door, "Shall I come in -- or would that be a bad idea?" 

 There wasn't anything secret about this, obviously; but for whatever reason, he was not addressing it directly. Lucy was almost laughing, holding our adult dicks in her teen hands, her mouth and face dripping with liquids. "No, Daddy - - umm, kinda bad idea?" 

 I couldn't wait to hear his response. It took a couple seconds. All the guy said was, "Okay." And, I guess, he left the area. 

 The three of us smiled at each other, waiting to see what would happen, but not hearing anything after a few moments, Lucy put her mouth around Danny's cock and kept stroking my meat. I was fucking hard for her, I could have spewed cum if I tried. But instead, I spread my legs to keep myself upright, and I pushed my pelvis forward to rub my erection on the side of Lucy's face. She moaned, feeling my hot boner throbbing heat against her cheek and temple, while her mouth was busy sucking Danny's penis. When she pulled her mouth off of his to suck mine again, he took his turn rubbing her erection against her face. Soon, her slutty, gorgeous Asian face was dripping with her own saliva and our precum, glistening in the afternoon sunlight spilling through her bedroom windows. She let us facefuck her as well as fuck her mouth and throat, taking turns in her hole, or sometimes jointly rubbing our dicks against her face at the same time, kind of sandwiching her face between male erections. 

 The cocksucking was making me grunt, I just stared at her making my satisfied, instinctive noises as she sucked or stroked my erection. Danny was a bit more vocal, complementing her on how hot and sexy she was, how pretty she looked with our dicks in her hands and mouth, and what a "nasty cockwhore" and "dirty bitch" she was. The colorful phrases only seemed to make Lucy more horny. 

 A couple minutes later, Thom's irritating voice called out again -- but this time from farther away, he was still on the first floor, or somewhere on the stairway in front of her bedroom. He called her name a few times, then he asked her to come out. "Just for a second," he said, "I need to ask you something, that's all." 

 She looked at us, frowning, knowing she had to stop. We stepped back from her as the naked girl rose to her feet. Looking around her room for something to put on, she grabbed a nightshirt and pulled it over her petite frame. The shirt fell just below her asscheeks, barely covering that rump, showing off her sexy, thin legs. 

 I stepped back, out of sight, as she opened her door and went out into the hallway. I could tell she stood over the railing of the second floor, looking down the stairway towards the first floor. Her father was somewhere down there, calling up to her. "I actually forgot," he told her, "I need to run a couple errands for your mom, or she'll kill me -- do you mind, terribly, if I left you alone with Erick and Danny a while?" His voice actually sounded innocent, as if he was pretending he had no idea what she was doing in the bedroom with us. "I mean, I know it's not fair of me, you only just met them -- but if you can entertain them a while, I'll be back later, not too long, I promise." 

 Hearing that, Danny looked at me, smirking. Although I was hiding in part of the room where her father couldn't see, Danny wasn't so shy. He walked out of the room, completely naked -- his big, fat cock sticking straight out of his groin. I couldn't believe it, but then again, it hardly would have been a surprise to the step-father. I, however, was more bashful, remaining in the room. 

 Instead, I peeked through the crack of the doorframe, able to see clearly. Lucy stood over the railing, her backside covered just barely by her nightie. Naked, tall Danny stepped directly behind her, and I mean, his chest must have been touching her shoulders -- and his cock would have been against her lower back. He put a hand on her petite shoulder, massaging it, holding her in place as he ground his fat cock against the backside of her body, while her father was down the steps. He had to be aware, in some way, of how the adult was violating his 18 year old daughter (if that word fits -- she certainly welcomed it, although by the way she was squirming, she might have been embarrassed it was happening in front of her step-father). 

 Thom kept droning on, talking to her about what he had to do for her mom, then how maybe he'd take her out to dinner later, if she was free, if she didn't have "another date." The way Danny remained silent, holding the guy's step- daughter in front of himself, poking her with his penis, he had to be so turned on. I even saw Danny's free hand grab the bottom hem of Lucy's nightshirt over her hip, lifting it to expose her ass. Danny bent his legs, dropping his cock, able now to rub his boner against her ass directly -- or even push it between her thighs, poking it through her frontside. Surely, her father had to see that! 

 But Thom didn't let on, just talking to Lucy, before finally saying he was going to get moving. "Have fun," I heard him call up to Lucy. That was the last I heard of him, other than the thud of the front door and click of a lock a minute later, and the rumble of his car in the driveway after that. 

 As soon as I heard him signing off, I just jumped towards Lucy's bed, crawling into it totally naked. I sat with my back against the side wall, my legs stretching across the huge bed. Spreading my legs, I leaned back, my erection like a missile aimed at the ceiling. A moment later, naked Danny was leading Lucy back into her bedroom, kicking the door shut again with his foot. The young bitch had a nervous grin on her face, she knew what was coming, but wasn't sure exactly how she'd react to it. 

 The tall, thin guy 55-year-old pervert led the 18-year-old hottie over to her bed, pausing to reach down and grab her nightie by her hips. She lifted her arms as he yanked off the unnecessary clothing, exposing her sexy, nude body again and sending her long, black hair flying around for a moment. Her brown eyes were smiling towards my face, but fell to gaze at my throbbing, adult erection. I spread more for her, offering it again to her mouth. She crawled on her bed and, for a third time that afternoon, began giving me a blowjob. Bending her petite body forward, resting on her elbows, she opened her jaw and stuck out her tongue, and started licking around my bulbous cockhead, making it all wet with saliva, before closing her lips around it to start sucking the head and shaft into her warm, wet mouth. 

 Meanwhile, Danny was kneeling behind her, starting to lick her pussy from the rear. "Mmm," the pervert grunted, "your cunt tastes awesome, you hot little slut!" Lucy began to grunt and moan too, feeling that tongue against her clitty and twat. Her butt jerked, too, as he moved his mouth upward, licking her tight butthole a few moments, before licking back down to her vagina. Her mouth started sucking my erection more ferociously, making grunting noises and closing her lips more tightly on it, while Danny was thrusting his tongue into her pussy with more fervor too. 

 He and I were going to start seriously fucking his horny wench, and none of us knew it yet, but it was going to take a few hours before we were done using all three holes of her hot, young body. 

 Danny got to fuck her first. After licking her to an orgasm or two, he rose up behind her, holding her ass and thrusting his long, fat penis into her teen cunt from the rear, doggy-style. She was still sucking my dick, but feeling that fat prick thrusting into her tight hole, she couldn't concentrate on sucking me off. I moved aside, content ot watch Danny glaring down at her nude body as she bent over, and seeing Lucy's eyes rolling and her jaw trembling as she got fucked by the horny married stud. He was really sneering at her, almost salivating, watching her ass wiggling madly in front of him. He smacked her ass a couple times, hard, drawing yelps from her, while screaming at her nasty names. "Fuck me, bitch!" he roared, drawing yelps of pleasure and grunts of lust from the slut. "You're a fucking whore, fuck my big dick, you fucking slutty bitch!" 

 She didn't seem to mind the name-calling. "Yeah, baby!" she screamed back at him, looking over her shoulder at him. "Fuck me!" 

 I just sat back, lightly teasing my cock while it throbbed at attention, waiting its turn, as I watched the in-person porn theatre. 

 The older stud flipped Lucy on her back, lying over her to thrust more of his boner into her cunt. I watched her pink, shaved lips stretching open, taking the size of his monster, and even saw a lump in her lower belly where his cockhead was going -- deep inside her, as it thrusted back and forth. Her little tits and firm nipples jiggled on her chest as she laid back, and she arched her spine to show off her boobies to the hot prick fucking her. Danny leaned down, not asking, thrusting his tongue into her mouth again, and Lucy opened her jaw to french kiss the man having sex with her. He pushed her legs wide open, and she wrapped her skinny, slender thighs around his body to keep his penis inside her wet twat constantly. 

 Finally he was nearing an orgasm. He leaned up, pushing her knees flat against her bedsheets, staring at her petite, teen body violently gyrating underneath him. She was screaming with orgasms, too, and shrieked in delight when he began cumming. He pulled out, possibly after letting a couple jets of jism flood her vagina, but most of his cum splattered on her soft, flat tummy, dripping down her pussy, oozing over her pelvis. Danny grabbed his wet, red-hot dick, jerking it, making sure he milked his Johnson to draw out every drop of jism he could, squirting it onto the bitch. 

 Sweaty, sucking in air, Danny fell away from the girl, as she caught her breath too, but remained spread-open on her bedsheets. 

 My turn! 

 I took Danny's place on top of Lucy, quickly inserting my married penis into wet, squishy vagina. She smiled up at me warmly, wrapping her petite hands around my thick neck, welcoming me inside her body. The girl hardly knew me, but the way she looked up at me, she wanted me to fuck her so badly. What a slut she was! Danny had loosened her cunt amazingly, so with just a couple of powerful thrusts, I was able to work almost all of my meat inside her twat. She screamed loud, arching her back, feeling the size of my cock. As I pushed more into her, the extra thickness of the base of my shaft stretched her pussylips even further, making her suck in air, her jaw trembling, her eyes bulging out not believing, I think, how big my dick felt inside her pussy. I love that look in a girl's eyes, when she realized how my big tool feels in her cunt. That's when I know she loves my sex. 

 "Like that, huh?" I snickered at her, enjoying the sight of her intensified arousal caused by my fat erection. "You're so sexy, baby, you make me so fucking hard!" 

 Her hands around my neck pulled my face down. She moaned with her accent, "Fuuuck meee!" before putting her mouth on mine, letting me start french- kissing her too while we fucked. I felt her legs wrap around me, just as she had done with Danny. Her mouth tasted musky, I could sense Danny's breath and the flavor of our two cocks; it didn't matter to me. I thrust my married tongue into her 18 year old mouth, while my ass started clenching tightly, jamming as much of my penis as I could fit into that tight teen cunny. 

 I wanted it all inside her. I was grunting hard, really hammering my pelvis at her body, ramming more of my dick into the young slut until I felt like just about my entire length was inside her. Her pussy was so tight, and the pressure against the head of my cock, so deep inside her body, was almost painful. I felt my shaved balls slapping against her asscheeks, it was the hottest sex I could give her. She loved it, she was squirming under me, sucking my tongue, and she began moaning and wailing from an orgasm. I felt her body stiffen, and she spasmed around my cock, her cunt muscles squeezing it tightly as she came for me. I kept fucking her without pausing, driving her over her bed. 

 Eventually, as we rolled around with Danny watching us, I ended up underneath her, as she leaned over me. Her petite body looked awesome perched above me; her sexy, A-cup boobies, hard brown nipples, and long black hair around her pretty face. Her little waist and narrow hips were circling madly, whipping her cunt side to side, as she pumped herself up and down on my fat married shaft. We were staring into each other's eyes, gasping for breaths, making each other so turned on by the hot sex. I slammed myself upwards, drilling my cock as deep as I could plunge it inside her wet hole. She simultaneously slammed her petite body down on my frame, feeling me stuck so deep up her cunt. She had more orgasms that way, riding me. 

 Danny was hard again, watching me fuck the bitch for a while. He wasn't rushing me, but he was getting ready to jump on her as soon as I was done. This slut was going to take our boners nonstop, it seemed. While watching, he was muttering to her incessantly, calling her all sorts of names. "Look at that, you hot bitch -- fuck that big dick, baby -- you're such a fucking slut, you stupid fucking cunt -- be his little whore, princess, fuck him good, let him use you like a fucking hooker today -- stupider than a hooker, aren't you, you aren't even having us pay to fuck your tight little cunt!" 

 Hardly upset by the humiliating jargon spewing from the other male, Lucy was sweaty and looking very used already. Her hair was stringing out, getting oily and dirty, a process started from tanning under the hot sun; her smooth, yellowish skin was sweaty and liquidy; her pussylips were getting red already, taking our meaty dicks. She was breathing hard, heaving deep breaths as I fucked her. And she was moaning as I moved her limbs around, her muscles sore from the fucking. 

 None of that, of course, slowed me down. I wanted to cum so fucking badly, but I was showing off, too -- to her, and to Danny. Between fucking her on top, and then having her ride me, I was in her pussy over 15 minutes, maybe closer to 20. I was going to cum so fucking hard, but was going to make it last as long as I could. 

 But I couldn't hold back forever. Keeping my dick plowed into the depths of her tight, wet pussy until the last possible second, I threw her off of me and onto her back on the bed. She yelped, not expecting it. But before she could hardly move, I was straddling her, throwing my sweaty thighs around her chest, aiming my dick at her face. I love cum on a girl's face, and Lucy was going to get it from me. Jerking my cock, lubricated amply by her pussyjuice, I stroked my boner and then growled when a huge wave exploded in my balls. My cockhead felt like it was bursting open, as a torrent of jism started to flood out. My balls pumped it hard, I could sense it flying up through my tube, erupting out with loud jets to splatter on the bitch's pretty face and forehead. She let me, keeping her eyes closed, feeling me cumming all over her face, dribbling sperm onto her neck and chin, too. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Married Stud Helps &quot;DP&quot; a Hot Teen ****** byNonStopFunGuy© "Fuck, shit -- yes!" Having pumped my full load on Lucy's face, I climbed off her petite body to admire the work I'd done. Her face was caked in my semen, the white streams drooling down her cheeks, eyelids and forehead. She had to wipe her eyes to open them, laughing, then she sucked my sperm off of her petite fingers. 

 Like I said, Danny was ready to go again. With her cunt available to him, he climbed on top of her without giving her any rest. Grunting painfully, Lucy opened her thighs, her hands reaching to his butt to pull him inside of her. They both moaned when his very adult penis sank into her very teenage pussy again, and the stud began screwing the bitch for the second time. 

 Now, when I'm really turned on and horny, I don't need much time to recharge my dick after my first cum. Danny had been fucking the slut for only about five or ten minutes, when I was ready to fuck her again, too. As I sat back watching, he put her on top of him like I had her, so her little body was bent over, her ass undulating in wild circles, his fat dick thrusting into her pussyhole below it. The two lovers were making out again noisily, even with my sperm continuing to drip down her messy face. My eyes fixated on that hot teen butt -- creamy and smooth, now dripping with sweat and pussy juices. I saw her brown, clean little butthole, that tight puckered orifice in the middle of her small buttcrack. And I got a fabulous idea. 

 I climbed behind her, with Danny giving me a thumbs-up. Her ass looked so good, so petite and tight, wiggling up and down above Danny's married hard-on. He slowed down the motions of her fucking, allowing me to lower my penis to her butthole, where I rubbed my bulbous, mushroom cockhead against that tight hole. 

 Lucy suddenly broke her kiss with him, looking back at me over her little shoulder, a look of fright in her eyes. She didn't say anything, but she could feel my penis back there, she knew what was about to happen. 

 Oh, yes, the Asian slut was going to take TWO big, white adult cocks in her tight holes at the SAME time! 

 Her little butthole was tighter than her pussy, but I was able to ram the head of my fat dick into her poophole. The bitch screamed, feeling both of her holes getting stretched open at once. Danny kept her body still for a moment, as I thrust my ass forward a few times, pounding more of my dick into that tight ass. Her small asscheeks looked so smooth frail, compared to my redhot, engorged cock. Then Danny started thrusting into her pussy with the same rhythm I was fucking her ass, and the two of us started to jam our dicks into her body deeply. I could feel his cock against mine, separated by thin fleshy walls inside her body; it's not a homosexual thing, it's more of a buddy/buddy thing, both of us fucking the hot bitch, our fat married cocks inside her young adult body. 

 "That's it you fucking slut!" roared Danny from underneath the girl, "what a fucking whore you are -- taking both our dicks at once! You know what a fucking stupid fucktoy you are now?" 

 For her part, the slut was just grunting and moaning, trying to put up with the insanely sexy feeling of these two dicks in her holes. Her eyes were half- closed, her face turned up, I heard her sucking in air as her smallish hands grabbed Danny's shoulders to hold herself in place. We were slamming our bodies against her ass and thighs pretty hard, rocking her forward each time, making those titties dangling under her chest bounce around. Lucy was letting out a long wail, a low rumbling noise puncutated as we thrust hard into her -- "Uhhh, YEAH, uhhhh, oooh, uhhh, UHHH, uhhhh, OWWWW, uhhh...." 

 Her thin hips began gyrating wildly, with her sweaty, petite body sandwiched between our hulky, naked frames. Her screams grew louder, she neared an orgasm. I could barely feel by boner, it was like all the nerves were compressed too hard to be useful; so tight inside her ass, so little room with Danny's cock inside her too. When she screamed to a cum, her pussy clenching Danny's penis, Danny actually smacked her face across the cheeks -- playfully, but hard -- and called her a "fucking whore." Then he grabbed her hair, yanking her head down, forcing his mouth into hers. I heard her kissing him as they made out, while I continued to gaze at her sexy ass and fuck her butthole, feeling Danny screwing her twat. 

 Danny passed me her face, making Lucy turn to look up at me past her shoulder. I leaned forward, giving her a nasty, sexy kiss too, shoving tongue deep in her mouth. We made out, both grunting, while Danny and I kept fucking her twin holes with our oversides shafts. 

 While passing her mouth back and forth to take turns french-kissing her, I heard her bedroom door click; and then it opened. I was kissing her at the time, so instinctively I stopped, and looked over. Thom was standing there with this stupid look on his face, like he was trying not to grin; he had three bottles of water in his arms. "Thought you all might want these," he said, walking uninvited into the bedroom. 

 Lucy's perverted step-father saw his sexy Asian step-daughter being mercilessly fucked in her cunt and ass by who horny married guys. Her body was so small and delicate, and so smooth, compared to our middle-aged, hairy, muscular frames. Her face dripped with saliva and sperm, her body glistened with sweat and juices, and the room stank of ungodly fucking. None of it surprised Thom, who kept a relaxed look while putting the bottles of water on the edge of her desk, right next to her mattress, within arm's reach of Danny or Lucy from where we were fucking each other. 

 While the step-father's eyes were on the 18 year old being fucked, she was ignoring him. I heard her snicker, briefly, but she turned her face down to Danny and the two began licking each other's tongues. My eyes caught Thom's for only a fleet moment, and I saw him staring at Lucy's divine teen ass, with my big married penis inside it, sliding in and out a little. Thom fixated on Lucy's lower body, knowing she had to adult boners inside of her holes. He just stared at the sight, standing there stupidly, watching her being double-fucked. 

 Even with him there still, Lucy broke her kiss with Danny and turned her head back to me, over her feminine shoulder; I leaned way forward to deeply kiss her with my tongue, right in front of Thom. 

 Thom just stood there like a statue, watching Lucy making out with me and then kissing Danny again, while Danny and I kept simultaneously thrusting our erections into Lucy's pussy and butt, making her grown and grunt from the satisfying fucking. 

 Then, after a couple of minutes of watching, at most, Thom just shrugged, turned, and left the bedroom, closing the door again. 

 I couldn't resist laughing, although I was breathing hard, wincing from her tight ass squeezing my dick so much. "That," I suggested, "was really weird!" 

 Danny blamed it on the slut. "Look how fuckin' hot you are," he chided her, "makin' your own daddy wanna see you get fucked!" 

 While we kept screwing her butt and cunt at the same time, Danny grabbed one of the bottles of cold water Thom had brought into the room. He asked Lucy if she wanted any, but didn't wait for a reply. Instead, he pulled off the bottle cap, lifted the clear plastic bottle up in the air, and turned it down -- dumping a stream of cold water on Lucy's tangled hair and messy face. The teenager screamed and laughed, feeling herself being doused with the cold water. It splattered down her chin and onto Danny's own face and chest, then ultimately soaked into the bedsheets around his shoulders. Lucy lifted an arm to ward off the water, but he avoided her hand, managing to spill about a third of the bottle on the naked girl. She kept laughing, her eyes closed, feeling her face and head drenched in it. It was stupid, but funny. 

 After those interruptions, he and I got back to the business of fucking the bitch. We just continued to double-fuck her a seriously long time, had to be over 15 minutes at least. My cock ached so bad, I wanted to cum so hard, but her ass clenched my pole tight, helping me resist my orgasm. Danny wasn't talking much now, just grunting and sneering, eyeing her smallish titties while thrusting his penis over and over into her pussy. Lucy kept screaming from her own orgasms, and she had to be sore as fuck now, but she didn't make us stop. 

 Danny had his orgasm first, squirting his second cum of the afternoon, this one into Lucy's vagina. Seriously, I could feel his boner cumming, as it pressed against mine inside her body; the throbbing of his shaft, pouring out the wads of semen, created motions that rippled against my dick barely separated from his. Feeling him cum, literally, triggered my orgasm too, and while he was still unloading he spermies into Lucy's twat, I began flooding her asshole with mine. Both of us men were roaring in delight, creaming the twin holes of the teen bitch. I think Lucy had a simultaneous cum also, knowing that she had two hot married men squirting their jism into hot body. 

 After the messy, nasty double-fucking, Danny and I sort of fell around Lucy on her bed, taking turns kissing her still, our big manly hands groping her ass and titties, fondling her sexy, soft body. We found ourselves both sitting with our backs against the wall, Lucy between us. My erection was semi-hard, pointing at the ceiling, dripping with cum and other juices from her tight ass. When Lucy came to kiss me again, I shook my head, and with a grin pushed her face down my body. She got the message, wrapping her lips around my pole. 

 "Yeah!" laughed Danny. "Suck his dick, taste your ass on it! Man, what a fuckin' HO' you are!" 

 I just grinned at her sexy, slanted eyes, watching her pretty face as it bobbed around my shiny, aching erection. Her tongue shot out, licking up the flavors from my dick and balls, cleaning off the sex from me. Her hand was reaching out, stroking Danny's cock gently. After she finished licking clean my dick, she shifted to lie on her stomach in front of Danny, proceeding to suck and lick his penis also, tasting her pussy on it as well as his semen. "Mmm, there you go, whore," he snickered at her, "clean me up, you dirty bitch, show me you like tasting how I fucked you good." 

 The 18 year old's high-pitched, accented voice squealed in response. "Ooh, yeah!" That particular thougth she liked. "Mmm, I love it!" To prove it, she wrapped her thin lips around his dick, and sucked the top few inches into her mouth, cleaning it off better than just licking it like she had been doing. 

 We'd been fucking her pretty non-stop for close to an hour, or maybe even longer. Those two and a half remaining bottles of water looked pretty good, so I took one for myself and almost sucked it down in one gulp. Danny took the other full bottle, then teased Lucy by pouring the remaining, partly-used bottle into Lucy's mouth -- intentionally missing, of course, so most of it rained down her face and boobs. The teen cackled with some dismay, until she wrestled the bottle from Danny, took a sip of it, and poured the rest on Danny's head. Lucy's own bed was getting saturated in water, in addition to all the sweat we were leaving on it. 

 "You're such a hot slut," admired Danny, leaning back to relax a bit, his eyes gazing over her petite, nude figure. Such slim torso and proportionately petite boobies; her creamy, wet, bald cunt; shapely, skinny legs. "You prolly got lots of guys who fuck you, don't ya?" 

 "Mmm, naw," she shrugged, thinking about it. "Got tired of guys at school, and this summer, met a few adult guys, guys my stepdad knows, that's it." She thought further, adding, "Oh, and guys I met online, but most of them live too far away to, you know, meet." Danny liked what he heard, confirming that both of the men she'd already fucked that summer -- Alex, Brad and Charlie -- were very adult, and that both Alex and Brad was married. Charlie was the best fuck, apparently, but Lucy liked that married men were fucking her. 

 "We're both married, too," I pointed out, hoping she realized that. 

 Lucy did, giving me a big smile in response. "Mmm, yeah, I know, I love that!" 

 "Good!" said Danny, slapping her nearby naked knee. "So, you'll go on a date with me sometime, right -- and another date with Evan here." 

 "Erick," I corrected him, although I didn't care. 

 He didn't care about my name either. "Yeah, Evander over there, you can go on a date with him some night, and another night with me, and keep that hot cunt of yours filled with married dicks!" Then, Danny snickered at a thought he had. "And, uh, why don't you fuck your step-father -- he looks like a pretty well- built guy, he probably jerks off all the time fantasizing about you, setting you up to fuck other guys -- you should, you know, give him his fantasy, let him fuck you, it's probably what he really wants to do." 

 The idea clearly wasn't a new one to the long-haired, brunette teenager; she giggled at the suggestion, but already knew her reaction. "Yeah, well, I think he wants to keep it that way, you know, being my stepdad. He's only been married to my Mum a couple years." 

 I, too, thought it sounded pretty kinky, a step-daughter having an illicit sexual affair with her mom's husband. "Well, you ever tried to put a move on him -- tease him, or something, see if he goes for ya?" 

 "Yeah!" Her eyes sparkling, the hot Asian bitch thought about something but didn't tell us details, only generalities. "Yeah, I tease him, wear hot stuff around him, he knows I do this kinda stuff --" She pointed at Danny's and my dicks, giggling. "But, it don't matter, he lets me tease him, but that's it." She sighed. "I don't think he'll ever fuck me -- but, that's okay, I got more guys now to fuck, don't I?" As she said that, she leaned back and stretched out one of her slim, sexy legs, her dainty foot touching my dick, gently massaging it. 

 I spread my thighs, leaning back more, letting her play footsie with my penis. "You really are a doll," I told her, finding her more playful, in a sexual way, than most of the up-tight swimmers I fucked. "You ever fucked two guys at once before?" She shook her head, blushing and smiling, she was clearly proud of herself for what she'd been doing with us. "Well, you're fuckin' good at it, you're a natural." 

 "You should advertise," joked Danny, "put up a fuckin' billboard, or wear a sign around your neck -- 'Good at fuckin' two big cocks at once' -- you'd probably get lots of offers." When she blushed in embarrassment, obviously feeling guilt from the pleasure of getting naked with two men at the same time, Danny pursued the thought a little more. He asked if any of her other "fuck buddies" would be impressed that she screwed two guys at once. The petite, naked Aussie shrugged as she thought about it, responding that she wasn't sure any of them would. "Maybe Peter," she answered in her heavy accent, "he's a married guy I met online last week." She said Peter got off hearing about her sex with another married guy, Brad, so he probably would "cum twice" at the news she fucked two men simultaneously. 

 Apparently exhibitionism was a major turn-on for Danny. Upon hearing about Peter, he insisted that Lucy send Peter a text at that very moment, and find out if he wanted to hear about Lucy's date. The taller, older pervert had to encourage Lucy a couple times, but eventually she brought her laptop onto the bed with us from her desk. She sat on her ankles across from us, blushing still, as she logged into her messenger and sent a text to Peter's cellphone - - something like, "Are you free right now, wanna hear what I'm going?" Only a few seconds later, the married guy somewhere else in the country replied that he wasn't free, but he did want to hear what she was doing. 

 "Don't type back yet," said Danny, getting an idea. He rose to his knees, and had Lucy move forward on the bed a little. As she sat on her nude butt, naked Danny ended up kneeling behind her, with his semi-hard penis hanging next to her face, the two of them facing her laptop. Danny had me climb around Lucy too, kneeling next to Danny, so our two married cocks surrounded her triangular teenage face. Lucy was laughing, blushing a shade of crimson red, but she did as Danny wanted, using her laptop to take a photograph of her sitting nude in front of a couple of hung married guys. "Take another one," barked Danny, turning her face to make her suck his hardening cock, while her hand reached up to stroke my now-trobbing penis. She laughed, unable to reach her keyboard now, so she had to stop what she was doing, set a timer, and have the computer take a picture automatically. Fifteen second later, it snapped a photo -- of Lucy leaning her head all the way back, so Danny and I could jointly slip our fat cockheads into her mouth at the same time, double-fucking her teen lips and tongue. 

 Embarrassed still but very horny and proud of herself, Lucy released our cocks and leaned forward to type an email to her friend Peter. She attached the picture of her sucking our dicks, and she explained to her online fuck buddy: "Today I'm being fucked by TWO married men at ONCE!" 

 The guy's message came back seconds later. "You are SO hot Lucy!!! You gotta tell me all the details later, take more pictures and videos!" 

 "That's a fucking great idea," Danny sneered, grabbing Lucy's laptop from her. Pointing at my hardened erection, Danny snorted, "Start fucking her again, buddy," while he began pulling up a videotaping program. 

 I normally take pictures of the girls I fuck, so I didn't mind being filmed in a porn movie with the hot Asian bitch. "Mmm, yeah," Lucy purred, staring at my married prick as I began to move over her. She rolled onto her back and pulled her thin legs open again, offering her vagina to my penis. As I crawled over her, pushing my suddenly very-aching cock against that wet, tight hole, Danny turned the laptop around to face her and me, now recording the sex. "Here's a big married cock she's gonna fuck like a slutting WHORE," called out the pervert as sort of an off-screen announcement on the video. 

 Not performing for any video but just fucking for the fun of it, Lucy and I began to hump on the bed energetically. She was still sore but she was fucking drenched again, wanting more of our middle-aged adult cocks in that young adult twat. She was still fucking tight, making he moan as I shoved my hardon into the bitch, using my ass and leg musles to force more and more of my large shaft into her small hole. Lucy began screaming as I fucked her, wrapping her hands around my neck and legs around my body again as she liked doing, and we even began kissing as we fucked. Danny stayed nearby, up on his knees, stroking his penis as he watched Lucy and me having sex again. 

 Danny was so hard, I noticed, that it wasn't fair to make him just watch. I rolled the whore onto her knees, and started banging her doggy-style. Her soft, creamy ass so was small and sexy, so petite compared to my adult body, as she squirmed her hips in circles with my concrete shaft thrusting in and out of her slot from behind. While I fucked the long-haired brunette from the rear, Danny dropped to his ass in front of her, spreading her meaty legs, so she could lean her beautiful Asian face down to suck his cock. All of it was recorded by the laptop -- Lucy on her fours, her titties dangling under her thin chest, while I was plunging my penis into her cunt from the rear, and Danny was thrusting his hard dick into her mouth. She was being used by the two of us, her holes stuffed with married cocks to treat her like our sextoy. 

 "Yeah, you fuckin' cunt!" roared Danny, watching her face around his erection, and her ass wiggling against me. "Fuck that big cock, you nasty, stanky bitch - - and suck my cock more you fuckin' cunt, you know you love it, you're such a fuckin' sexy little tramp -- you know you're just a stupid cock-fucker, don't you, you just love fucking dick and that's pretty much all you care about, isn't it?" Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Married Stud Helps &quot;DP&quot; a Hot Teen ****** byNonStopFunGuy© Looking up at the pervert's face while his dick was stretching her jaw and cheek, the teenager could only mutter and nod her head. 

 After sharing her a little while that we, we turned her around -- so that Danny could fuck her doggy-style, while Lucy bent over and licked her cuntjuices off of my penis. I laid back, my cock throbbing so hard, wanting her tight cunt again. But I didn't mind it, feeling her soft, velvety tongue sliding up and down my shaft and around my aching balls, and also her lips surrounding my cockhead to suckle it intensely. The girl was tasting her juices on my slimy, coated cock, and soon she was replacing her juices with her saliva. Even using just her mouth, she was fucking good; my cock felt pleasured and increasingly satisfied, with an orgasm nearing bit by bit. 

 The other stud, too, must have been feeling like he was going to cum, but he wanted to do something else on video before he did. "We should DP her again," he told me, grunting as he screwed the teenager's tight hole. "You wanna do her cunny this time, I'll stuff her hot little ass, let's record her being a total fuckin' whore for us." 

 I wasn't arguing with the plan. "Yeah," I hissed, "let's stretch her open that way again!" 

 Lying flat on my back, sideways to the laptop, Danny had the nude Asian slut crawl over me, straddling me. I gazed at her perky, small boobies on her chest, reaching up to grope and fondle them, while she sat her ass downwards. I felt her vagina catch my cockhead, and with a thrust upwards of my hips against her body pushing back, I was fucking Lucy again. Her eyes closed, her jaw dropped, she was so sore, but she let me fuck her hard. Literally just seconds later, we paused, so Danny could kneel behind her and push his erection to her tight asshole. He spat down to further lubricate it, but he popped it inside. Her face contorted in pain, she opened her jaw and screamed a brutal yelp - - "UHHHHH!" -- as she felt both of our married dicks fucking her twin holes at the same time again. 

 Rolling my head to the side, I glanced at the laptop's monitor, depicting the image of what it was recording. Lucy's nude body filled the screen, bent over, her ass being hammered by Danny's thick, redhot pole, and her body trying to wiggle around on top of mine. She was turning her head backwards to make out with Danny, while my hands were grasping her small boobies, squeezing those sexy little orbs in my palms and fingers. It was like a hot porn movie, but even hotter because that was my dick in the slut's cunt! 

 We double-fucked her on the video a good, long time, maybe fifteen minutes or more. The girl's bedroom just fucking STANK; three nude bodies, sweating, plus all that pussy juice and two hard cocks, as well as the sweet stench of her ass getting plugged, so Danny's cock smelled like her butthole now too. Her bedsheets were drenched from the water spilled earlier, in addition to the sweat of our bodies. With the hot afternoon sunlight spilling through her windows, the room was a bit of a sauna as well; shutting her bedroom door shut off the air flow, so the temperature of the room had secretly risen. It was just animal, nasty fucking -- overheated, sexual, unbelievably fun. 

 Danny eventually had to cum, and he pulled out of her butthole while I was still fucking her. He crawled around the bed, kneeling above my head, pointing his fat, smelly penis in her face. Lucy looked up at him, grunting, while he jerked off, and he began spewing his semen onto her cheeks and forehead. It being his third cum of the day, he didn't have a lot of jism, but a few strands streaked across her face. Seeing and smelling him ejuculating on her face, I felt my orgasm rising too. So as soon as Danny was finished unloading sperm onto Lucy's face, I pushed her off of my cock and had her lie on her back. I jumped over her face, grabbing my aching dick, aiming it at her face too. Soon my own jism was squirting out, mixing with Danny's to coat some of her forehead, eyelid and cheek with our dribbles of white-hot baby-making sauce. 

 "Oh, fuck!" I growled, my dick literally hurting after the fucking, rolling off of her to nurse my sore member. Danny, giggling playfully, was at the laptop to turn off the video recording. Lucy remained on her back, gasping for air, licking the flavors of sex from her lips and running her slim fingers through the cum on her face. 

 She must have agreed with my sentiments "Yeah -- ohhh fuuuck!" she exhaled, breathless. 

 It was now nearing 3 pm, we'd been fucking her quite a while. Danny said he had to be getting home to his "wifey" sometime soon, and wanted to take a shower to "clean off the stank." While almost too sore to walk, Lucy agreed to show him to the bathroom. She grabbed a thin, pink robe from her closet, wrapping it around her own nasty, sweaty body, glistening in liquids from her face to her ppssy and thighs, and she went to open her bedroom door. Danny remained naked, merely bending over to pick up his clothing. With the teenager leading him, the two left her bedroom for a while. 

 I was left naked on her bed, regaining my breathing. She was still logged into her messenger, so I forwarded to my account the two pictures from earlier. The video that Danny recorded was fucking massive -- over 300 megabytes -- so I'd have to get it by thumb drive later, or some kind of file share. Then I relaxed, leaning my body against the wall again with her pillow under my back, my dick semi-hard and loosly throbbing against my thigh. Her bedroom door was wide open, and with her perverted step-father somewhere in the house, I instinctively thought to cover up myself. I yanked her pillow out from behind my back and put it between my spread-open thighs, hiding my penis in case her father wandered upstairs. 

 My skills of clairvoyancy were impressive; indeed, when I could hear the water running through pipes with Danny (presumably joined by Lucy) taking a shower, Thom came upstairs to see what he might find. He was still fully dressed; I had no idea what he'd been doing since he had seen Danny and me double-fucking Lucy, I assumed he'd been downstairs jerking off. The weirdo poked his head in Lucy's bedroom first, finding just me in it, sitting naked with her pillow over my loins. I laughed, pointing down the hall and explaining, "The other guy has to get home to his wife, so he's taking a shower -- I think they're in your bathroom." 

 The step-father duly noted the information, nodding his head. He wasn't looking at my body, but was looking around the bedroom, perhaps detecting the scents of the sex in it. His face didn't really change, however. A few moments later, he casually strolled down the hallway into his bedroom, which I took to mean he was going to see if he could watch Lucy in the shower with the other guy. 

 Left alone for a decent amount of time, and worn down from the hot fucking, I must have dozed off. I awoke in a dizzy haze, hearing voices in the hallway; Lucy was in her pink robe again, walking with fully-dressed Danny towards the stairs. Lucy's dumb step-father trailed the two. They went down to the first floor, and I could hear talking near the front door. The door opened and shut with a thud, as Danny had left. 

 Moments later I was fully awake, sitting upright with the pillow still over my cock, as Lucy came back into her bedroom, still trailed by her stepfather. I motioned for her to come join me on the bed. She giggled, looking at her stepdaddy -- in fact, staring at his eyes, as she opened her robe and let it fall to her feet. Completely nude in front of him, the skinny, sexy bitch crawled back on her bed and towards me, settling on her side next to me. I put a big arm around her small shoulders, smelling her clean, wet hair, which she'd brushed out. Her hair had been washed in shampoo, she smelled feminine and sexy. Kissing her forehead, I glanced to her step-father, who remained standing there, staring at the naked teen girl in my arms. 

 I wasn't used to having an audience, but I'd put it to good use, at least. Motioning towards my clothing on Lucy's floor, I told Thom to get my cellphone out of my shorts. "Take a couple pictures here," I said to him, "I like having photos of my girlfriends." Turning to Lucy, I had her pretty face smiling up at me as I leaned forward. We began kissing lightly, gently, sensuous, just our lips at first, later joined by our tongues. Our giggles turned to moans, and we began making out forcefully, really shoving tongues into each other's throats. Her body was so young and petite, yet she was so slutty, kissing me and sucking my tongue like an experienced hooker. But this bitch gave out sex for free. 

 Lucy's hand slipped underneath her pillow in my lap, grabbing my boner, stroking it in her small fist. Meanwhile, her pervy step-father stood next to the bed, holding up my cellphone to take pictures of her and me kissing. My hand slid up her chest, groping her boobs again, and he got photos of that while we made out. She pulled the pillow off of my lap, revealing to the other adult male and my cellphone the sight of her small fist around my fat, engorged boner. I heard my cellphone clicking to take pictures of her hand-job she was giving me. 

 The prospect of fucking Lucy again, but this time without Danny present, was getting my sore dick to stiffen to its full size. I wondered to myself if her step-father was going to strip and join us -- and I wouldn't have stopped him. But, true to his nature, he just stood there frozen, taking pictures, as I pushed Lucy onto her back to mount her one last time that day. He aimed the cellphone at the spot where my penis was about to enter Lucy's vagina, then he got more pictures of my married cock fucking the teenager's cunthole. She screamed and spread her legs wide-opened, flattened against the wet bedsheets, so the camera could take photographs of me fucking her. 

 I didn't mind him watching a few seconds of the sex, but I just wanted alone- time with his horny step-daughter. So I announced that he'd taken enough pictures for the day, and in a commanding voice, I sneered at the pervert to leave us alone. "I'm just gonna fuck her good now, in private," I laughed, "just like you want me to!" 

 Lucy didn't stop him from leaving, she just stared up at my face or down at the sight of my fit body thumping her hard, driving dick in her cunt another time. Thom slipped out of the bedroom, shutting the door, allowing me to fuck the wench. We were really tired and worn out, but still very horny; her cunt was sloppy wet, my cock sensitive but fully rigid. I pounded myself against her small body, driving my shaft deeper into her tight hole, until I could feel that delicious pressure against my cockhead way inside her teenage body. She was squirming and gasping, having an orgasm then another while we fucked. We began making out, sucking tongues, as my cock continued to rampage deep inside her twat. 

 We rolled around the bed a bit, too, with her on top of me, then for a while with us on our sides having sex. I found her near the edge of the bed, and I had her lie on her back with her ass right at the edge of the mattress, her legs dangling off of it. Standing on the platform's edge around her bed, I leaned my body forward and slid my cock into her cunt that seemed to hover in mid-air. Lucy shrieked in dismay, feeling how extremely deep I could penetrate her now, deeper than at any point that afternoon. I howled, too, the tight, wet glove squeezing my penis each time I rammed it deep inside her. We humped and screwed loudly, continuing to scream between gasps of air in the overheated room, sweating hard, her just-showered body turning stanky once more. 

 "You're so hot," I panted at her, staring down at her gorgeous, Asian face and perky, smallish teen boobies, "only 18, and such a hot fucking slut! You're pretty much the best girl I've ever fucked!" I sort of meant it; now, she'd have to agree to eat other teen pussies in front of me, and suck my cum out of another girl's cunt, before I'd annoint her the best fuck ever. Whether she had interest in other females would be a subject I'd have to pursue another time. 

 My fourth orgasm of the afternoon squirted whatever seed I had left inside her pussy. My cock turned painfully sore as the jism shot out of my shaft, but I continued thrusting into her because she was nearing another climax. I kept my dick inside her body until Lucy exploded with her cum, clutching my arms as her small figure exploded in energy as she lay back on her bed, her twat milking my hard married shaft. 

 Lucy gave me a shower afterwards, pleasantly washing my balls and cock off with a heavy lather of soap, and also her small hands washed my body and legs clean too. We made out in her step-father's shower and bathroom, she was such a delight to kiss. Finally she helped me get dressed, while she slipped into a haltertop and pair of tight, white booty shorts. 

 I didn't see her step-father any more that day, even as Lucy took me downstairs and let me have a small snack of fruit and water, before heading out for the day. Before I left, I had her promise me that she'd let me fuck her sometime that summer -- maybe even come to a party we have at our pool club, where I hoped I might introduce her to other sluts I fucked regularly. 

 Cumming four times from the sweaty, afternoon sex with Lucy satisfied my incurable sexual desires for only a little while. Later that night, I was back online at home. While my wife was watching TV, I was on my computer, in a chatroom, asking if any hot girls or horny men wanted to see pictures taken that afternoon of me fucking a really hot, Asian slut who was only 18 years young. Report_Story 