#1 

 

 ****** Mary's Business Trip ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© My wife Mary was always complaining that she didn't get out of the house enough so when I offered to take her with me on my business trips she jumped at the chance. She would take her bathing suit and lay around the hotel pool or go shopping while I was taking care of business and in the evening we would go out to dinner and look for a dance spot. On some nights there were cocktail parties to attend and since these parties always had business overtones we almost always went to them. Mary has one major flaw - she has a very low tolerance for alcohol, three drinks can have her semi-comatose, and so I have to keep a very close eye on her at parties. 

 My last trip included one of these parties and as usual Mary had too much to drink, but she is fun when she is 'giddy' so I switched her to ginger ale and kept an eye on her. At the end of the party we returned to our hotel and Mary talked me into stopping at the hotel bar. We took a table near the back and placed our order. We were on our second drink when I was paged for a phone call. I got up and went to the wall phone to take the call and fortunately from where the phone was I could see our table. The call was from one of my most important customers and getting him to sign an agreement was the sole purpose for this trip so there was no way I could just tell him I would call him later. From the phone I watched a guy approach our table and talk to Mary. She got up and moved to the dance floor with him and following the dance he escorted her back to the table and sat down with her. He ordered more drinks and they danced some more while my phone call drug on and on. I saw the man's hands disappear under the table and Mary give a start, and then she laughed at him. His hands stayed under the table and I saw him move a closer to her. They sat that way for several minutes and then Mary got up and headed for the ladies room. The man went to the bar and got another drink and I lost sight of him. 

 My phone call ended and I went back to the table and ordered another drink. I kept looking around for Mary and after ten minutes I got up to go and look for her. At the ladies room I asked a women coming out if anyone else was still in there and she told me there wasn't. I turned to head back to the bar when the door to a storeroom next to the restrooms opened and the man I'd seen talking to Mary came out pulling up his zipper. I heard a giggle and looked into the room in time to see a man drop to his knees between a woman's legs; her legs came up to lock behind the mans legs and her arms came up and wrapped around his neck and I heard another giggle before Mary's voice cut through the air clear as a bell. 

 "You feel good. That's it. Right there - oooh yes." 

 I stepped into the room and saw Mary laying on a stack of flour sacks, her dress up to her waist and her panties hanging from her left ankle, as the man between her legs started to fuck her. I stepped forward but some one grabbed my arm and a rough voice said: 

 "Wait your turn, Mac, we were here first" and it was then I noticed that there were at least five other men in the room. 

 I don't consider myself a coward, but there was no way that I could take on everybody in the room to get my wife out of there. My other option was to go and get cops to help me, but that would have meant bad publicity for Mary and her church going family would never have understood. The ironic part was that the publicity would help me with my client - I knew he wanted to fuck Mary - because when he heard about it he would think his chances would be better. No, the real reason I wasn't going to do anything was because I was turned on watching a perfect stranger fuck my wife. 

 I watched for the next few hours as she was fucked by the rest of the men in the room and by a few more that had come in after me. When the last one had left I pulled down her dress, stuffed her panties in my pocket and picked her up and carried her to our room. I undressed her and then I took my turn at her cum filled cunt. I fucked her for what seemed to be an hour; I could not cum and my cock stayed hard as a rock. Finally, and almost painfully, I was able to shoot into her. I lay down beside her and fell fast asleep. When I awoke the next morning Mary was sitting on the bed beside me reading. When she saw I was awake she asked me what I'd done to her last night. 

 "You don't know what you did?" I asked incredulously. 

 She said she did not remember anything after sitting down the table with me last night. She had a vague remembrance of my getting up to take a phone call and that was it. I told her what had happened and she looked at me stunned. 

 "How many?" 

 "Nine that I know of. Several of them twice. There might have been one or two before I found you." 

 She got a small smile on her face. "Did I enjoy it?" 

 "Baby, you were begging for it. When the last guy finished you were crying 'next', please don't stop now. Who's next?" 

 She took a long look at me. "You said you liked watching. Can we do it again? With me sober?" 

 I nodded my head yes. 

 "One more thing. You say your client wants to fuck me. Do you want me to fuck him?" 

 I thought about that one for a minute. "Before last night I would have said no. Now I would probably like it, but not until I have his signed contract in my pocket. I do not want him thinking that he bought you by signing with me." 

 My client, Phil, signed with me at lunch that afternoon and less than an hour into the cocktail party at his house that night both he and Mary disappeared. I don't get to watch this time, but I am sure that I'm going to have a lot more opportunities to see my Mary at work. Report_Story 