#1 

 

 ****** Meeting Master ****** byBoratus© Kathy was understandably nervous. This was the first time she would see Him in person. Her request for a Master had been answered by so many. So many pretenders. So many wannabes. So many self-absorbed egomaniacal Doms. And then there was Him. He had caught her attention differently, not with a description of Himself or the offer what He'd do to her. He sent her a story, an erotic subtle D/s story that left her drenched. After reading it she contacted Him. They talked and He continued to send more stories, all by His own hand. Some based on truth, some based on the fantasies of His previous subs, a few His own. They chatted on-line and once, when He told her what He would do when they met, she soaked the chair she was on. He told her to get on her knees, lick it up and thank Him as she did it. She submitted to Him on-line. She knew she was His. She wanted Him like no other. Needed Him. 

 Now she walked down the road in a short skirt and no panties, a sexy blouse and push-up bra, (not that her tits really needed it) and high heels, looking every bit a slut as he had ordered. Every now and then a car passed and her heart raced thinking that it was Him. Finally, one slowed and the window went down. She stopped and looked in. She reminded herself to breathe. "Get in, pet." He said and she quickly did as she was told. When she was in she looked at Him. Just like His picture, slim and muscular and dark. His head was freshly shaved, His smile a wicked grin, and His eyes, penetrating but mischievous. He could see her state and was loving it. 

 "So?" He grinned. 

 "Yes, Master?" she said, her voice quivering. 

 "Do I get a kiss?" Kathy had asked Him if it was ok beforehand. He had given His approval. He had even asked what kind? A simple kiss? Something more passionate and loving? Or hot, erotic and probing? She wanted the second. She leaned into Him and He gave her a quick kiss on lips then sat back. She sat back too, not knowing what to think. Did He not like the way she looked? Was He playing? 

 "Let's go." He said as He pulled out onto the road. They drove to a more secluded spot but one where traffic still passed by occasionally. He stopped the car and told her to get out. He got out too and came around to meet her. 

 "Master?" she started but He hushed her. He looked up and down her body. He had her turn around. His hands began to explore her, starting with her face. His fingers traced her contours, moving down slowly to her neck. It almost felt like a massage. Downward He moved over her, to her sides and tummy, her hips and finally her ass. Her attention had been so focused on His hands she almost didn't realize how close He now was in order to hold her ass. His smile made her shiver. And then He was kissing her. It was the passionate kiss she wanted. He held her close and her arms came up around Him. It was tender and loving and she lost herself in it. She resisted when he finally pulled away. 

 He took a step back and assessed her again. She didn't know what to do and so just stood. 

 "Strip." He said finally. 

 "Master?" her heart was racing and her mind wasn't keeping up. 

 "Strip!" He ordered. They were at the side of the road. Anyone passing by would see her. Still she couldn't get out of her clothes fast enough. Soon she was standing naked before Him. The cold night air made her, already hard, nipples perk up even more. 

 "On your knees." He said and she dropped in front of me. 

 "Your oath." 

 He had given her the oath to memorize for now. Though she was already His, He wanted the formal submission when they met. 

 She spoke, her words clearly meaning them so much in her heart. "Oh Master, I am Your slut from this day forward. My body is Yours. Punish me when I am bad. Use me for Your pleasure. I will be with none but whom You order. I will receive pleasure only in Your presence. I am Your toy, Your property for as long as You will have me." 

 She had faced the ground during the oath as ordered. When she lifted her head His cock was before her. She felt her wetness leaking down her thighs. 

 "I accept you, my slut. Now lick me till I'm hard." 

 He was already halfway there. Her submission was obviously affecting Him. Her tongue moved skillfully over Him. Her hands took Him up. She had waited so long to touch Him. She savoured each moment. Soon she had Him fully erect. 

 "Stand." She did. He walked up to her and took her arm. Without warning He spun her around and pushed her down over the hood of His car. His cock was at her pussy and He rammed it in with a solid thrust. She was so wet He slid in with almost no pain. She gasped as He invaded her. He held her from behind. His hands moved along her back and He slowly slid out. Again, He thrusted forward hard. This time his hands came around to her breasts and squeezed them tightly. He rocked their bodies together slowly as though they were dancing. He whispered in her ear, "Ask for it." 

 "Fuck me, Master." She said quietly. 

 "Beg for it." 

 "Please, Master, fuck this little slut. I want you so badly." 

 He began to pump, picking up speed quickly. 

 She pushed herself back into Him moaning, "Oh god yes! Fuck me! Fuck your slut!" 

 He obliged her. The sound of her ass slapping into Him could be heard through her cries. Her orgasm built quickly and her scream at her release must have carried for miles. 

 Master pulled out. She lay over the hood panting. 

 "Get dressed." He ordered. 

 "But, Master, you haven't come!" she said. 

 He was behind her in a flash, pushing her down hard on the hood. She squealed as his hand spanked her bare ass. 

 "Count." He said. 

 "One." She counted and continued to 20. 

 "Will I have to repeat another order tonight?" 

 Her ass was red and sore, her face was red too. "No, Sir." Her pussy was soaked and ready to cum again. 

 "Good. Get dressed. Get in the car." 

 They went to a nearby bar. The sat and had a few drinks. They made some idle chat but that was not why they were there. Dressed like she was, Kathy attracted the attention of a lot of men in the bar. Master sat close to her at the bar. His hand was on her thigh and disappeared under her skirt often. His fingers teased her clit as they talked and she had no idea what the conversation was about. Her hands touched Him. She loved to touch Him. She wanted to kiss Him again but He wouldn't let her. At some point He undid a button on her blouse. Men were, more frequently, coming to get drinks right next to them when most of the bar space was free. Another button came undone. The top of her bra was clearly visible. His fingers worked magic on her clit. Every now and then He would lick them or make her suck them. Another button came open. Her heart raced. Three more and her blouse would be open. She knew she would do nothing to stop Him. It was getting late and the bartender called last call. Another button opened when he did and several men got their orders. They were being very bold now with the drink in them, no longer taking short glances but simply staring. A few even made conversation. Master was polite but let none of them talk for very long. Hands brushed up against her ass every now and then. One man pretended to stumble and caught himself by grabbing her breast. 

 Finally the bar closed. Kathy didn't want to get up with her blouse open so much. Master got up behind her and hugged her, then led her out holding her from behind, holding her blouse closed. As they went out the door he pulled away, having opened the last two buttons. Her face went bright red. He walked calmly to the car. She picked up her paced and he admonished her. "What's your rush?" 

 She slowed and walked to the car. She knew better than to close her blouse herself. All of the guys who had remained at the bar were waiting to see this. She was the center of attention. When she got to the door it was locked. She stood shivering her nipples showing clearly through her bra. When a few guys became bold and advanced, Master unlocked the door and she dove in. 

 "Strip and on your knees." He said as they walked into the hotel room. She did so immediately. He took a collar and leash from a bag He brought and put it around her neck. "You get to keep the collar." He smiled and led her to the bed. She hopped on. 

 

 "Lie on your back." He ordered. He brought out some cord and tied her spread eagle and blindfolded her. Then He just stood above her and stared at her body as she wondered what came next. He touched her face and then walked to the foot of the bed running His fingers along her body. At the foot he climbed slowly onto the bed and began licking her thighs. His tongue moved up them and circled her clit and pussy. His hands moved along her sending shivers. His tongue lightly ran up her clit and then was gone. Then it circled her pussy and was gone again. Fingers slipped inside her and she heard Him suck on them. 

 "Soaking." He said. 

 And then His tongue was on her, licking and probing. His fingers spread her pussy lips and His tongue moved along over her mound into her pussy and out again. He was magnificent. She felt herself getting so close so fast. Her body began to shake and she knew release was not far. And He was gone. 

 "No!" she thought but wouldn't yell it. She squirmed, bucking her hips up to find His tongue but only tightened her bindings. Before long it passed, she managed to get her breathing under control again. That's when He was there again. Just as before. His tongue everywhere she wanted. His fingers fucked her too. Her orgasm approached again with greater speed and more power. And He was gone again. 

 "No!" This time she cried out. 

 "Shhh, pet." He said. 

 He did it twice more before she couldn't take it anymore. "Please, Master! Let me cum! "I need it so bad." 

 "Just a horny slut, aren't you?" 

 "Yes, Master, I am. I dirty little slut who needs to cum! Please let me cum, Master!" 

 "I'm not sure if I want you to." 

 "But Mas-" His tongue ran in a long line from the base of her pussy to the top of her clit. She went crazy. "God, no! Please, don't stop! I'll do anything!" 

 She tried to make herself cum but he had managed to keep it just out of reach. She couldn't touch it, couldn't will it. 

 "You'll sleep on the floor?" 

 "Yes!" 

 "Take my cock up your ass?" 

 "Yes!" 

 "Take 100 strokes with the paddle?" 

 "Anything!" 

 His tongue was on her again. This time he didn't stop. Her orgasm didn't seem to stop when it hit. She squirmed and thrashed and He kept licking. Electric pulses seemed to shoot through her in waves. She screamed with pleasure until, finally, it seemed to settle. 

 Master was untying her. Her blindfold came off. Master lay on the bed next to her. 

 "What is your wish, Master?" she asked, prepared to do anything. 

 "Get on and ride me till I cum." He said. She had not expected that. She had expected punishment. She mounted Him and began to move her hips. And then she realized her punishment. She was still very sensitive. She started slowly hoping her pussy would calm down but it didn't. Master, put His hands on her breasts and squeezed them. He twisted her nipples in his fingers hard enough to make her gasp. She rode Him faster. It was like the orgasm was continuing. Everything was ultra-sensitive. Faster they went and she bounced up and down on Him. She felt little orgasms erupting. When she looked at Him, He was smiling, losing Himself in it. She worked harder. She rode Him for all she was worth. She could tell he was enjoying Himself but she wanted Him to cum now! On and on they went. Sweat dripped down her body. She was near her limit. First no orgasms, and now too many. She knew she couldn't continue and slowed to a stopped. 

 "Master, I can't any more." 

 He grabbed her hips and his knees came up pushing her forward a bit. His hips started to pump and His hands held her in place. 

 "Oh god!" she gasped. 

 Master pumped away setting a rhythm and letting Himself go. He was using her strictly for His pleasure now. She came again. He pumped away and she was well past her limit. 

 "Master, I can't." she pleaded but He was gone. He pumped her fiercely his breathing was ragged. Somehow she came again. Master started to buck. This was it. He slammed into her even harder. His hands forced her hips down onto His cock. And then He came. She felt Him erupt inside her and she came again. She was completely drained. His hips pushed into her again and again as more cum shot from His cock. Finally, Master's hands came away and Kathy collapsed on top of Him. She couldn't seem to catch her breath. His arms enfolded her and rolled her to His side. They slipped under the covers. Master's arms held her as she started to drift off. 

 "Good night, pet." He whispered. 

 "Good night, Master." She replied. 

 Kathy fell asleep feeling happy and safe. Report_Story 