#1 

 

 ****** Our First Swing:... ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© Our First Swing: Games & Discoveries 

 ** Chapter 1 - A Weekend In the Country ** 

 "Now try to be nice to Lisa tonight," Sheri admonished me, "why do you two have to argue so much?" 

 "She's always so contradictory. She will argue the sun revolves around the earth if you take the other side. And she uses no logic. And she's a tease. She just rubs me the wrong way." 

 "I bet I know how you'd like her to rub you..." Sheri teased. 

 Sheri and Lisa worked together and were good friends, all the more amazing since they had so little in common. Sheri was a computer programmer, Lisa was in recruiting. Sheri was tall and lean, Lisa was short and voluptuous. Sheri, dark and tanned, had long brunette hair. Lisa was very fair and had shoulder length platinum blond hair with a wild purple streak in the front. Sheri was from a western cattle ranch, Lisa, was a mid-west city girl. Sheri was elegant, Lisa was arrogant. Yet somehow they were best of friends. 

 They did share a common trait, they were both drop-dead gorgeous, and sexy as hell. I still found it amazing that Sheri was with me. 

 She was two years older than me, and was the hottest thing I had every dated. For the first five months of our relationship I had a perpetual hard-on, and the sex was incredible. She was adventurous, liked doing it in public, gave incredible head, and was even up for the occasional anal experience. I was in heaven. She was 5'8", had a great body, incredible ass, and nice 34C tits. She dressed to accentuate her best features and was very photogenic. We already had held two photo sessions where she would dress up and I would shoot roll after roll of pictures. These had ended in great sex, and I had the pictures to prove it. 

 Lisa looked wild. She was pretty short, about 5'1", and had short, platinum hair, with a defiant purple swath in front. She had full tits, wide hips, and a tiny waist, and gave off an aura of sexiness. Her greatest feature had to be her face, which was achingly pretty. She was almost angelic looking, with perfect features, a generous smile, slightly turned up nose, and huge green eyes. I could easily envision filling that mouth to shut her up sometimes. 

 As we were growing closer as friends over the last few months, Sheri would tell me stories of Lisa and Bill. Lisa apparently loved oral, but would not give up her sweet ass to Bill. They played some of the same play-acting fantasy games we did. Sheri took great pride in telling a story of them arguing, that ended with Lisa telling Bill to try to fuck Sheri's ass if he wanted it that bad - clearly Sheri was telling Lisa about our love life, and Lisa was sharing it with Bill. She had also told me a story of Bill tying up Lisa, and using a bag full of toys on her, making her come till she blacked out - le petit mort. Apparently it scared the crap out of him. These stories were always told in bed, during or after our lovemaking, and Sheri could of course tell just how these affected me. 

 Lisa was not nearly as confident as Sheri was. Sheri had always been the prettiest - cheerleader, homecoming queen, beauty contestant, even local modeling. She handled the attention she received well. On top of it all she was really sharp - literary, and analytical. I'm sure it was one of the reasons I was with her; I was an ex-jock, still in pretty good shape, and at least as smart as her - which I guess was rare. We had such fun together, and could talk and talk. 

 Lisa on the other hand, it turns out, had been chubby in school. She always heard the comment about what a pretty face she had, if only she lost some weight. She graduated from an all-girl college, with very little real experience at sex. 

 Moving to the D.C. area for a change of pace, she had joined a gym, joined weight watchers, and lost 50 lbs. She met Bill 30 lbs into her transformation. He wined her and dined her, and married her 4 months later. He was only her second lover. And her first extended relationship. 

 Lisa and Bill lived about 20 minutes from us, in the Virginia countryside, old money community of Middleburg. The first time we went over to their house, we had a great dinner, lots to drink, and ended up crashing in their guest room, rather than driving all that distance drunk. After Sheri and I retired to the guest room, we made love for over an hour, excited by the aspect of another couple being so near. I woke to a blow-job and, trying to keep her quiet, fucked her again, while we could hear Lisa and Bill moving around on the other side of the door. The weekend was a lot of fun, and we promised to do it again the next weekend. 

 Sheri and Lisa talked about it of course. Sheri loved the adventurous part of sex, and detailed how we did it, and what we could hear from them. Lisa was very private when it came to doing it; they had waited 'til we left to have their romp. 

 Now it was three weekends later, and we were headed back to their place. Bill's family had money, with a capital M, and he and Lisa lived on the family property in the guesthouse. It was a lot better place than our tiny one bedroom apartment so we let them host - but insisted on bringing the dinner. The plan was for a quiet evening of talk, and maybe some board games, and then tomorrow we were headed to the skyline drive for the fall view and a visit to Luray caverns, where neither of the girls had ever been. 

 We brought the fixings, and Sheri cooked a pasta feast, while I broke out the margarita mix and some Cuervo Anejo. Two hours and two pitchers of drinks later, we were talking about the high school days and games we'd played - when Lisa confessed she'd never played any of them. 

 Well we'd have to rectify that! Of course the initial stages of inebriation contributed to the unanimous decision. 

 We started out with truth-or-dare, and we got pretty personal - pretty fast. We discussed first times, favorite places, wildest moments, and more. Lisa couldn't contribute much, but I know Sheri's stories were working on Bill. About 15 minutes into the game Sheri dared Lisa to play spin the bottle. Thus ended the first game, and the second one started. 

 In about 10 minutes, the boys had kissed the girls, the girls had kissed the boys and each other, and my pants were starting to tent. I was entertaining little fantasies of where this might head, with very little hope of it actually coming to pass - but wistfully wishing, never the less. 

 The kissing had turned slow, and sensuous, but involved very little contact other than lips. Really nice, but certainly none of the immediate total wantonness I read about others experiencing so frequently. 

 It was at this point that Sheri admitted to wanting to play strip-poker, but never having the chance - having walked out of a high-school party where others were starting up a game, and being curious every since. She asked Lisa if she'd ever played it, which earned her an outright laugh. 

 Bill was clearly as eager and interested as me; he was off like a shot, returning in moments with a deck of cards. We didn't know enough of the game to make up any rules for what happened when we were out of cards, and played it very simply. The winner could make one person take off one item. We played five-card draw, nothing wild, to keep the game simple. We still had to go over the rules of poker three times for the girls, and eventually make a cheat-sheet of what hands beat what others. 

 I went to make a third pitcher of margaritas, a little stronger this time, while Bill made the cheat sheets, and the girls cleared an area around the coffee table. The table was glass and chrome, mostly glass, and we sat around it on the floor, knowing that it would do very little to hide any views. 

 ** Chapter 2 - The Card Game Begins ** 

 We were all dressed pretty much the same - shirt, pants, shoes, socks, underwear. The girls had the added benefit of bras, which was offset by their lack of experience at the game. 

 Sheri was seated to my left, Lisa across from me, and Bill on my right. I refilled the glasses, put the pitcher to the side and grabbed the cards, which were sitting in the middle of the table, but no one appeared to be willing to start the action. I was afraid a little hesitancy was creeping in and decided to break the ice with a little humor. 

 "Man, for once I wish I wasn't so lucky in love, I'm bound to be unlucky in cards and running around naked in minutes." 

 They generously giggled at my lame attempt at humor, but the conversation started up again. Amazingly, we had been together almost three hours, and Lisa and I were yet to argue. 

 I dealt the hand, and Bill won with 3 nines. 

 "Sheri, those shoes have got to go." 

 "Oh no, you don't, you won a single item, you get one shoe," Sheri replied. 

 Lisa jumped in on her side. We agreed that shoes could be removed one at a time, but socks were removed as a pair, since someone could be wearing pantyhose - all very hypothetical. 

 Sheri dealt, and I received four cards to a straight flush. 

 No poker face here - "You guys are doomed, I've got this one won off the deal. You better go for the big hand!" 

 "Can I fold?" Lisa asked. 

 "Sure, just take off something", I replied. Bill chuckled evilly. 

 So - no folding. I drew the high card for the straight, and won the hand easily. Lisa was reaching down for her sneaker when I told Sheri to remove her other one. 

 I had decided to mix it up a bit, and not go into a pairing off mode where I disrobe Lisa, Bill disrobes Sheri, and the girls try to disrobe us. 

 Sheri looked stunned. "Is that fair?" 

 "Of course it is. I just can't wait to get some of those clothes off of you - you know how I love the way you look." 

 Sheri giggle nervously, and passed me her remaining shoe. 

 Lisa dealt, while Sheri took a big hit off her drink. In the ensuing play, Lisa drew three cards, and pulled a full-boat. 

 "Now the socks, Sheri." Everyone started laughing except Sheri. 

 "Now come on, that's not fair! You have to pick one of the guys." 

 "That's not the rule. The winner chooses who removes an item. Gimme your socks." Lisa said, holding out her hand. 

 "Steve..." 

 "Rules are rules, baby. But don't worry, what goes around comes around," I replied. 

 "Damn, damn, damn...." she muttered, but passed over the socks. 

 On Bill's deal, I pulled three of a kind again, but when Sheri claimed a win with 2 pair, and the others threw in their cards, I decided to quietly throw in mine, to let her have a win. 

 "Ok, Lisa, I'll take one of your shoes," Sheri said. "Payback's a bitch." 

 "If you don't get something from the guys we're going to lose this," Lisa answered, removing a shoe, while Bill commented something about 'the shoe being on the other foot'. 

 Bill won on my deal, and had Lisa remove her other shoe. I took off Lisa's socks on Sheri's deal, with a lowly pair of Kings. 

 I think the girls realized what was happening, they had lost 3 items each, and we had lost nothing. 

 On Lisa's deal Sheri won. "Bill, I'll take a shoe." 

 "You're wish is my command." Bill was always the quietest of us, but seemed to be getting into the mood of the moment. 

 I won on Bill's deal, and a few comments about luck were dropped. Of course, I was not the one trying to fill inside straights, and going for flushes with 3 hearts. 

 "Ok, Bill, the other shoe." The girls burst out laughing, and the table was set. Everyone was fair game. 

 The next two hands went to the girls, and we got back to form, Lisa had me remove a shoe, Sheri had Bill remove his socks. Now it was getting interesting, the big clothing was coming next, for everyone but me. 

 Lisa dealt me two pair, which held up against one pair, and two nothing, queen high hands. 

 "Lisa, since you were kind enough to let me win, I'll let you choose what to take off." 

 She thought about it a moment, then stood up and removed her jeans. Her sweatshirt was huge on her tiny frame and hung halfway down her thighs, and all I got was a glimpse of yellow. 

 Bill dealt and Sheri won, by finally drawing the flush that she seemed to attempt every hand. 

 "Ok, Steve, the socks, so you won't feel all alone, fully dressed." 

 Actually, I still had a shoe on, but not wanting to get too far behind, I surreptitiously kicked it off, and took off my socks. While I removed them, Lisa got up and put on some music; the radio station had moved on to some show with too much talking. She was wobbling more than a little. She bent way over from the waist to pick-out CD's giving a nice view of her tight panties and her voluptuous ass. I'm sure it wasn't accidental. I could definitely see why Bill would want to get some of that ass - I was tempted to get up and chew on it right then and there! 

 Sheri asked for a potty break. Bill refilled the glasses, and I went to make another batch, a little lighter on booze this time, didn't want anyone passing out. Lisa did the girl thing, and joined Sheri in the bathroom, where there was way too much laughing going on. 

 "Damn Bill, Lisa has a sweet ass." 

 "Heh - I bet you get to see more of it pretty soon. I hope you don't mind, but I'm dying to see those tits of Sheri's." 

 "Oh, they are perfect - you won't be disappointed. I've played several games of strip poker before, but they've always seemed to crap out at the underwear level. Maybe with just the four of us we'll actually get down to skin. I think Sheri will go for it, she's not too shy about her body. I know I'll go as far as they will." 

 "Well, Lisa is pretty uptight. You'd be surprised from the way she looks and talks, but she is really insecure about her looks. She seems to be really comfortable with Sheri though, since her family is so far away and she really hasn't developed any real friendships around here, Sheri is the only one she really talks to. It's nice to have some friends like you and Sheri that we have something in common with. 

 "Plus I thing she's always had a thing for big guys like you. The football type. And she's a little drunk. I think she'll chicken out when it comes to removing her panties - but you should get a chance to see her tits." 

 Whereas Sheri and I had only been together for a few months, Bill had been married for over 2 years. He would know about her taste. I wouldn't mind seeing her tits, but I was still silently praying that the aged tequila would allow me a view as to her real hair color. 

 The girls reappeared, and no one could remember whose deal it was. I dealt, and Bill won. 

 "Sheri, may I have your shirt?" 

 Sheri stood up and unbuttoned it slowly, making a bit of a strip tease out of it. Lisa complained about the never emptying margarita, but continued to drink. Sheri was wearing her black bra, which looked a size too small and she was filling it nicely. She still had her pants and underwear on. Lisa had on her sweatshirt, bra, and panties. Bill and I both had shirt, pants and underwear. 

 Lisa won on Sheri's deal, and asked for my pants. I stood up and removed my Dockers. My dick was pointing almost straight out, with an obvious wet spot pointing at Lisa. 

 "Well, I see someone likes this game", Lisa said with an embarrassed laugh. 

 "Hell, I'd be a fool not too - with a chance to see two of the most beautiful women I know in all their glory!" Ok, so maybe I was pouring it on, but hey, it was for a good cause! 

 Lisa blushed strongly, but smiled. Sheri had a bit of a sleepy look, and I was hoping the alcohol hadn't gotten to her. 

 I won on Lisa's deal beating her three fours with my three jacks. She was furious, she was sure she had the hand won. 

 "Let's see what's under that sweatshirt, Lisa." 

 She stood up, came over and knelt next to me. 

 "I'll give you a big kiss, if you'll let me remove my bra first" she whispered into my ear. Her whisper was half-nibble. I don't think she was coming on - just trying to keep the game going before she chickened out. That and the effect of about 5 margaritas on a hundred pound girl. 

 I turned and looked at her - our eyes about 3 inches apart, "Ok". 

 She did that contortionist thing, reaching up her sleeves, and under the shirt, and pulled the bra out the far sleeve. She dropped it in my lap, then clung to me, and gave me a great big wet kiss. I was holding on to her butt, half to keep her from falling, half for the fun of it. She was crushing her tits against me; it felt great. 

 Sheri won the next, and soon Bill was shirtless. The girls were making cat- calls, and Bill looked a little shy. He was pretty skinny, that rock-and-roll body type - we were effectively opposites - my 6'1", 220, against his 5'7", 135. He looked big next to Lisa, and I looked big next to Sheri, but he and Sheri were about the same size, and of course I dwarfed Lisa. 

 Bill won next, and Sheri stood up and started removing her jeans without being asked. They were tight, and took a bit of working, but they were soon on Bills side of the table. She looked great in just her bra and panties. Bill was obviously mesmerized. 

 I was wondering if this would last much longer. All of us were down to 2 items. I didn't think Sheri would chicken out, and I knew I wouldn't, but I wasn't sure about either of the other two. 

 Sheri dealt the next hand; Lisa had two pair. I had a better two pair, but again let her claim the win. I figured if I won, I'd have to have her remove the sweatshirt. And if she were the first to go that far, she would chicken out. But maybe if Sheri went first, peer pressure would keep her in the game. 

 She asked for my underwear. 

 Bill was laughing, and Sheri was shouting, "Whip that thing out!" 

 I'm not a shy guy. Nor am I enormous. I have about 6 1/2" but I was so turned on by events I was standing a good 7+ and hard enough to drive nails. 

 I took off my underwear, and showed myself to the world. Up and to the right. Lisa just looked at me as I sat back down, and Sheri reached over and gave me a squeeze. 

 "This guys gonna be seeing some action tonight. Can't let him go to waste!" she said. I was a little surprised, Sheri had never done anything like that in front of anyone before. 

 Sheri won on Lisa's deal, getting a straight on the first deal. "Bill, you are way over dressed, I need your pants." He stood to take them off; strangely, he still wasn't sporting an erection. I was nervous he would be the one to end things. But play continued. An air of expectation, and a little uneasiness could be felt. The chit-chat had dwindled away to almost nothing. 

 Bill dealt, and he won. He cheated. I saw him switching cards, but I wasn't going to make a fuss. 

 "Ummm, the bra, I think", he said to Sheri. 

 She stood up and walked over to him. "You'll have to help me, I'm too drunk." 

 She stood facing him, inches from him. He had to reach around behind her. She leaned up against him, nuzzling his shoulder, as he unsnapped the double clasps. Isn't it obvious why I was crazy about her? She was clearly playing these guys as well. I could tell now that she wanted to see how far this game would go. 

 "Thanks" she said, and kissed him on the cheek. She backed up, and he pulled the bra off her arms, brushing his hands against the sides of her breasts. They were fabulous, and her large hard nipples were sticking straight out. Bill was openly staring. 

 "God, your breasts are gorgeous - I just can't get over it," I told her. She smiled and made a small curtsy, naked except for a pair of low-slung white bikini underwear, with a few wisps peaking out the sides. 

 I dealt myself three aces, and a lot less obtrusively than Bill had cheated. 

 "Lisa..." 

 "Shhh, Shhh, wait" she said, and came around the table. It was back to the whispering/nuzzling. "Let me take off my underwear, and I'll give you another kiss," she wheedled. 

 I whispered back, "Ok, but in the other room, just you and me, and a looooong kiss." 

 "Ok" she didn't hesitate a moment. I was amazed she hadn't dropped out. I figured my odds had gone from 1 in 10 to about 50-50. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Our First Swing:... ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© "Ok everyone, I'm going to give Steve a big kiss in the next room, I don't want any funny business while I'm gone." Sheri giggled as we walked next door. 

 There was no door, just the dining area, and a wall we stood behind. She leaned against the antique dinner table that could seat 10 and filled the room completely. 

 "You can take 'em off me," she was trying to talk sexy, but it was coming out a bit slurred. "Then you have the kiss." 

 She lifted her sweatshirt up to just under her breasts, exposing her tight stomach and panties. 

 She was stunning. The swell of her delicious hips, from her narrow, well defined waist, contrasted beautifully. I could barely breath as I knelt before her, and slowly pulled the bright yellow panties down from the sides. When I got them down to below her knees, I leaned forward and gently kissed the light brown curly hair in front of me. I could see her knees shaking. I lowered them to the floor. I stood up and said, "Can I see your breasts - I've been thinking about them for the entire evening." 

 "They're not as nice as Sheri's," she said softly, almost inaudibly, but lifted her sweatshirt up for my viewing. 

 They were the perfect match for her oh-so-feminine figure. They were full, bravely jutting out, capped with two light pink aureoloes whose nipples were close to half an inch long. The sweatshirt had been hiding the majesty of her excited tits. "They are fantastic, perfect on you," I said, as I reached forward, fondling her full breasts while claiming my kiss. 

 My cock was pressed against her belly, and I could feel where it was leaving a wet spot. My thumbs rubbed her hard nipples, rolling them, as I stuck my tongue deep into her mouth. We kissed for a long while, then I took my hand off her left breast, and put my finger in her mouth, as I pulled my mouth off hers. She sucked my finger hard. Her eyes were closed and she was moaning lightly. Her hands were still grasping the edge of her sweatshirt, and holding it high. 

 I had to taste those breasts and feel the full length of those nipples in my mouth. I turned my body sideways and lowered my head, and then proceeded to suck the nipple of the breast my left hand was holding. It was deliciously hard in my mouth, and I tongued it, encircling the tip, then nibbled gently. I then stood back up, pulled my finger out of her mouth, and kissed her lightly. 

 "Time to go back," I said. She was just standing there. I bent down, picked up her underwear, and again, lightly kissed her bush. I stood, gave her another light kiss, and was surprised to find her hand clutching my hard cock. She squeezed it, then let go. 

 "Ok," she sighed, and lead the way back. 

 Sheri was sitting next to Bill on the floor, side by side. Her legs were facing away from the table, and she was turned, kissing him. She was kissing him aggressively, biting at his lip, and her arm was between his legs. Her forearm was pressed against his lump in his underwear, and I could tell he'd finally overcome his anxiety, and had a solid 6 inches the tip of which was peeking out the top of his underwear. 

 "So there you are", Sheri spoke up. Bill pulled back a bit, almost as if startled. 

 "I think it's time to call it a night," Sheri declared. She stood up and reached for my cock. She grabbed it a bit possessively, and said, "You've got some work to do, big boy." 

 I was a bit startled to see the game end so abruptly. The others looked a bit baffled as well. 

 "I'd rather play until at least one of us loses it all," I blurted. 

 "Yeah," Bill chimed in, "one more hand it all it will take. Sort of a reverse lotto." He smiled on his last comment. 

 "What do you think?" Sheri asked, turning to Lisa. 

 "Why not, I'm game if y'all are." She settled back into her place at the table, her pussy clearly visible beneath the edge of her sweatshirt which had bunched up on the seat behind her as she sat. 

 "Good," Sheri added, taking up the cards, as we all took our places around the table. For all practical purposes I had already lost; I was the only one whose privates were fully exposed; my shirt hid little. Sheri's panties were her only remaining item, and the crotch was obviously soaked through. Bill still had his briefs on, but the head of his cock was peaking out the top, and he was doing little to change that. Lisa's sweatshirt was showing very little, now that she had adjusted her seating, and pulled the sweatshirt down. 

 Sheri dealt the cards, and I could see her throw away a pair. She was going to let someone else win. Being the gentleman I was, I felt it appropriate we allow our hosts to retain some of their dignity, and made sure I was not in contention either. 

 Bill pulled two pair, queens over fours, which beat Lisa's two pair. 

 He looked to Sheri. He looked to Lisa. He looked back to Sheri, and asked for her panties. 

 Sheri lifted her butt off the floor, and sat on the edge of the loveseat behind her. She slowly rolled the panties down her legs, and pulled one leg out. She then reached her leg across the table, her panties hanging from her ankle, for Bill to remove. 

 Bill stared into her crotch as he removed the proferred panties. He took her foot in his hand and kissed her arch, still looking up into her exposed pussy. The hair glistened with moisture. 

 Sheri lowered her leg, and demurely pressed her knees together as she knelt down. "Damn," she exclaimed, "can we play another hand? I don't want to be the only one fully exposed." 

 "What if you lose?" Lisa asked, the question at the top of everyone's mind. 

 "If I don't win, I'll spend the entire next hand fondling the winner. I guarantee they'll like it." She smiled mischievously. 

 "Sounds good to me." I said. 

 "Amen," Bill replied. 

 "I'm dealing," Lisa announced making it unanimous. 

 Unbelievably, Sheri did win, with three of a kind. She looked to Bill and said, "Your turn." 

 Bill stood up and pulled off his briefs. 

 Bills erection had finally taken hold, and his purple headed tool looked to be at least as long as mine, maybe longer, but much thinner. When I got really excited, as I had been for the better part of an hour now, mine would swell to a thickness that would stretch Sheri's lips deliciously. 

 "Same rules for me as for Sheri?" Bill asked. "One more hand to see who the grand champion will be?" He sat back down, his hands in his lap, hiding most of his erection. 

 Lisa looked across to me and surprised me. "Sure, let's do it." 

 "Absolutely, for the Middleburg Strip Poker Grand Champion title." I said, eagerly gathering the cards in and passing them to Bill. 

 The cards were dealt. I was dealt two kings, and couldn't improve them on the draw. I won. I was suspicious that the others there were all playing with the same intention, everyone naked, lots of physical interaction, and a desire to see where it might take us. 

 I stood up and crossed to where Lisa was. I helped her to her feet, and reached down to grab the bottom of her sweatshirt. "May I?" 

 "You won." She answered breathlessly. 

 I lifted the swaetshirt slowly off her. She raised her hands high, causing her breasts to really stand out. I stepped back and looked her over appraisingly, slowly looking up and down her body, and finally releasing an admiring whistle. She blushed strongly. 

 "So, Steve. What do you think of Lisa's body," Sheri asked me in front of everyone. 

 "My God, what do you think?" I answered, "She's friggin' gorgeous. What a great figure, and an incredible ass!" 

 If possible Lisa blushed an even deeper red. 

 "I believe two of us owe you some serious fondling," Sheri added. 

 It was Bills turn to blush. 

 "How long? It was supposed to be for the duration of a hand. But the games over." Lisa stated. 

 "I'll settle for three minutes." 

 Bill had worked his way to Lisa's side and was whispering to her agitatedly. She kept shaking her head. Finally she said to him, "Fine, but you have to leave the room, and it's for two weeks." 

 "Deal!" he answered without hesitation, heading for the kitchen. 

 I looked at her questioningly. 

 "I'm gonna pay his debt, and he will be paying me back later," she explained enigmatically. 

 "Take off that silly shirt, and let us pay you off." Sheri accentuated her demand with a sharp tug that popped two buttons off my shirt. Lisa was so tickled by this she grabbed the shirt tail opposite Sheri, and between the two of them they tore the shirt open, pulling it off my arms. 

 Resigned to my fate, I held my arms away from my body and back, letting them strip me of my last remaining article of clothing. 

 I was in heaven. These two nude visions of loveliness kissed, fondled, and caressed me all over for what seemed an eternity. Only my rock hard erection was denied this pleasure. Even my rear-end was bathed in kisses, touched, rubbed and probed. With growing excitement, I watched Sheri draw Lisa's hand to my shaft, and together they gently stroked and fondled my straining member. Lisa, in an extravagantly bold move, dropped to her knees, and started kissing all around my pelvic area, tongue darting out, tasting me. She was resting her cheek against my hard-on, kissing my thighs, beside my balls, then with a small motion, kissing my sack and taking a ball into her mouth. Only for a moment, then she dropped it, and returned her attention to the surrounding area. Her hand never left my shaft, holding it firmly, not stroking it, but rotating her hand around the shaft, and occasionally squeezing it lightly. 

 Sheri was now behind me, rubbing me sensuously, and watching Lisa's every move. When Lisa turned to face my cock head-on, Sheri whispered a 'Yes' in anticipation. 

 Lisa looked up to me. Her eyes never left mine as she ran her tongue from my balls to the head of my cock. When she accepted my cock into her warm, questing mouth, she closed her eyes for only a few moments, then reopened them and watched me as she took my cock into her mouth as far as possible. Agonizingly slowly, she withdrew her head, placing one last kiss on the swollen purple mushroom that was the head. She stood before me, pulled her head down to mine. 

 "Sweet dreams," she whispered, before locking lips with me one last time, then backing away. 

 "I believed you got your three minutes worth, Steve. Any complaints?" Sheri giggled. 

 "None you won't be able to remedy shortly," I answered, as Lisa called Bill back into the room. 

 As Bill entered the room, Sheri made her announcement. "I think it's time that Steve and I retired, before he blows a blood vessel." Both girls laughed at this statement. I was torn between trying to get further with Lisa, and the idea of quick getting into the guest room, and fucking Sheri's brains out. 

 "It is pretty late, and we do need to get up early if we're going to do Skyline Drive and the Caverns tomorrow." Bill obligingly agreed, still unable to tear his eyes off of Sheri. 

 "Well, good night all." She walked over to Bill, reached behind him to grab a butt cheek, and pulled his head to hers for a goodnight kiss. 

 I, not to be outdone, walked over to Lisa, and grabbed her ass in both hands and pressed her crotch against mine. I kissed her lips tenderly, and whispered, "Don't be surprised if you hear me crying out your name later..." 

 She grabbed me around the waist and hugged me tight. 

 Sheri grabbed my arm and pulled me towards the guest room, "Enough of that lover, or you'll shoot before I get what's coming to me." She had never spoken this openly, I wondered if it was for the benefit of them. 

 ** Chapter 3 - We Retire to our Bedroom ** 

 Lisa and Bill were picking up the living room. We got to the bedroom and Sheri said softly, "Leave the door open." She then sat me down on the edge of the bed, right in front of the door, in full view of both of them. She bent over from the waist, and sucked half my hard-on into her mouth. 

 "Mmmmmm", she moaned, bobbing her head up and down. I could see Bill staring at the back of her head, and at her ass, which was pointed straight at him. I watched him watch us for a moment, then saw Lisa catch the action. I placed my arms behind me, leaned back and closed my eyes as Sheri gobbled me down, like a starving kitten. 

 When I opened my eyes, Lisa was leading Bill by the hand to our room. I smiled invitingly, watching the lovely, naked Lisa enter the room where I was receiving a bona-fide, 5-star, blowjob. 

 Bill stopped behind Sheri, who had to know what was happening, but appeared oblivious to it all. Lisa kept walking around the bed, their hands staying together and arms outstretched, until they finally had to relinquish hold. 

 Bill bent over and kissed the small of Sheri's back, as his hands and arms wrapped around her waist and hips. Soon he had dropped to his knees and started worshipping Sheri's incredible ass. Kissing, and licking, fondling and holding, he was gentle but insistent. Sheri kept up the oral, using one hand to brace herself, and one to stroke me while she worked on the angry purple head of my cock. 

 Lisa crawled up on the bed and as I turned my torso towards her, she fed me her breast. I gobbled it up, using my arm to pull her close, alternating from one breast to the other. Sheri let out a long moan, and Lisa and I looked over to find Bill standing, pressed up against her, obviously stuffing her wet pussy with his cock. She had both hands grabbing the foot of the bed, and her head was leaning back, eyes closed. 

 "Oooh - Oooh - Oooh..." she moaned as he started slamming his cock into her. I extricated myself from her grasp, and climbed up the bed pulling Lisa with me. 

 "God." She said to me, "She is sooo hot, he won't last a minute." 

 "There's always seconds," I answered, "and believe me, there are TWO incredibly hot women in here." I lay back and pulled her towards straddling me. 

 "I want you to come in my mouth, and I want him to see it." She pulled away and positioned herself alongside me. From the tales Sheri told, I knew this was a fantasy they played out. I tried to get her to straddle my head, my last attempt to be a gentleman, but she just rearranged herself next to me. Then she was going down on me, the second great blowjob I was on the receiving end of within a matter of a few minutes. 

 I was rubbing her ass, tickling her anus with my thumb, while diddling her with two fingers. She was soaking wet; I pulled out my fingers for a sec, sticking my thumb in to get it wet, then returned my fingers to her pussy, and sank my thumb up to the first knuckle in her tight ass. She pushed back against me. She was sucking me to the root, deep-throating me, nose against my pube hairs. It was an incredible first for me, how she could swallow my cock in its fully swollen state was a mystery to me. And she kept looking up at him, while giving me this incredible working over. With one hand she was cupping my balls, and occasionally fingering my asshole. 

 Bill had slowed down and was watching the action. Sheri pulled forward, leaving only her ass hanging off the edge of the bed, and was soon licking my thighs, and then my balls, while Lisa went down on me like a jack-hammer. I could now see that Bill was at half-mast, having quietly dumped his first load in Sheri's cunt. Before long however, he returned to his position of mouth firmly attached to Sheri's nether regions. 

 The sensation was finally too much. With my cock buried to the hilt in Lisa's face, and her wiggling her face side to side and humming, with Sheri alternately licking, and sucking my balls, and with someone's finger buried deep up my ass. I let 'em know it was time. 

 "Oh, God, I'm gonna come so hard!" Lisa pulled her head back so only her mouth was engulfing my cockhead, and started jerking me off hard into her mouth. Bill looked up from sticking his tongue up Sheri's ass to watch his wife take my load. Sheri was clinging to my leg, licking at the base of my cock. As my toes curled, I could feel her pussy hair tickling the top of my foot - she was pressing her clit against it. My toes rubbed against her ass, and brushed against Bills throat. 

 "Unnnnhhh", I pushed up off the bed, deep into Lisa's eager mouth. I came, once, twice, three times, again, yet again... just as it was finishing, she pulled one more shot out of my cock, and let it dribble down her chin. Sheri leaned up and cleaned Lisa's chin and mouth with her tongue. 

 "That...was...incredible." I had my thumb up her ass. I don't know how I'd managed to keep it there during that mind numbing orgasm. Lisa was wiggling her ass and pushing against my hand hard. Bill looked comical, nose in Sheri's crack, tongue working away, but eyes rolled up, watching the action down around my cock. 

 I pulled out of Lisa's ass and reached down to pull her up to me. She came willingly. I pulled her face towards mine and kissed her gently on the lips, finding the slightest salty tang. 

 "That was possibly the best blow-job of my life," I told her, "Thank you." 

 "I'm not done with you yet," she countered, licking my mouth. 

 "What do you say we watch your husband fuck my woman's ass, after which I'll fuck you crazy?" 

 "Oh god, he'd love that - do you think she'll let him?" 

 "I'm sure of it." 

 I sat up and pulled Sheri into the middle of the bed. "Are you ready?" 

 "Up the ass?" she answered me. She knew it was a dream of his, and was only too eager to demonstrate her willingness, and to subtly claim him for her own in some way. 

 Bill was just staring at us. I nodded. 

 "Oh, yeah. I'm ready." She rolled over onto her back, and pulled her knees up to her chest. I grabbed her feet, and tilted her back, so her puckered brown hole was pointing straight at the ceiling. 

 "Bill, this is your lucky day. You're going to fuck one of the hottest, tightest asses on the east coast." Sheri giggled; Lisa was gently rubbing Sheri's nearest breast, enthralled by the action. I don't even think she knew what she was doing, but she was intent on seeing this happen as well. 

 "Lisa, do you have some Vaseline? She probably doesn't need it, but better safe than sorry." 

 "I'll get it," she bounced off the bed, returning in moments with an industrial size jar. 

 Bill hadn't been wasting time. Once I had Sheri cracked in half like a shotgun, he was lapping at her pussy and ass again. I had never seen a guy with such an oral fixation. Truth be known, I'd never seen a guy with a girl before in person. He pulled back as I asked Lisa to do the honors. She looked up at me, hesitant, then grabbed a gob and started rubbing it on Bills cock. 

 "In her ass," I said. Lisa looked to me again, I could almost see the gears moving in her head. Then she took a blob of the jelly placed it on Sheri's rosebud, and rubbed it. 

 "IN her ass, Lisa." Lisa, without looking up, slipped her index finger slowly up Sheri's tight hole, and then started to slowly work it in and out. 

 "Ohhhhhhhhhh" Sheri moaned. To quiet her I fed her my semi-hard dick, while I straddled her face and held her legs. "Mmmmmm." 

 "You're going to have to give her two or three fingers, or it could be painful." I told Lisa. On the next outstroke she added a second finger, and after a few more strokes, when she was all the way in to her knuckles, she added a third. 

 "MMMMMMMmmmmmmm" Sheri moaned around my hardening dick. It was so exciting watching this angelic Lisa, pumping her fingers out of my woman's ass, watching Bill slowly stroke himself in preparation, while Sheri fingered her own clit. 

 Sheri pulled her head off my cock, "NOW, NOW, fuck me NOW, someone fuck me, Bill fuck me, fuck me, fuck my Ass, FUCK MEEEEE." Lisa pulled her fingers out of Sheri's ass, and it slowly started to dilate. 

 "Ok Bill, you heard the woman", I told him, as I once again filled her mouth with my cock. He edged up to her, and stuck the head of his resurgent cock into her, gently, stopping when the glans popped past her tight opening. Her hand was stroking the back of Lisa's head, which was licking her breast while watching the penetration. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Our First Swing:... ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© "Don't feed her, FUCK HER." 

 With that he slowly pushed into her ass about two-thirds of the way. He pulled out and slammed his entire weight down upon her upturned ass, burying his entire cock in her back entrance. 

 "UUUUnnnnhhhhh," she moaned, as she took his weight, then went back to sucking my cock. 

 He pumped her nice and steady for a couple of minutes. I would occasionally pull my dick out of her mouth, and rub it on her face, telling her how hot she looked, and how amazing she was. Lisa was furthering her girl-girl education, by kissing Sheri's tits. A couple of times, she scooted up and shared my hard cock with Sheri, licking it and Sheri's mouth, as I fucked Sheri's face. 

 Bill was now pumping into her like a madman. She was moaning, half out-of-it, and I was shoving my cock down her throat, fucking her face. Lisa had her thumb rubbing Sheri's clit, while her fingers were spread around Sheri's ass, feeling Bills cock rub against them with each stroke. She was talking to him. 

 "You like that ass, don't you. Dirty little ass. Fuck it. Fuck her ass. Fuck her baby, make her sore, fuck her hard. Yeah, that's it, fuck." 

 I pulled my cock from Sheri's mouth. I had to slow down or I'd come, and the next time I came, I was determined it would be in Lisa. 

 "Oh, Oh, Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck" each stroke of Bills was now answered by Sheri. "Fuck, fuck, fuck me, don't, stop, fuck, fuck." She was breathing hard now, gasping, "I'm gonna cum, I'm there baby, fuck me, I'm gonna cum..... Oh, Oh, ooooooooohhh, GAWD, COME, COME, COME, Aaaaaahhhhhhhhh". 

 That was enough for Bill. He drove his cock into her, left it buried there, and shook, as he loosed his load up her ass. He was eerily silent, eyes closed, lips held tightly shut, as he made small thrusting moves with his hip, never pulling out of her ass. 

 I released Sheri's legs, Lisa pulled out of the way, and she slowly straightened them out, stretching them, obviously uncomfortable from being bent over for several minutes. Once she straightened her legs, Bills dick popped out of her asshole, he stepped back, with a stupid grin on his face, and lay down next to Sheri. His face was inches from my dick, but I don't think he ever noticed. 

 "Man," that's all he could get out. "Man" 

 Lisa lay with her head on Sheri's belly, softly rubbing Sheri's pussy, and tentatively touching the edges of her ass, which had been so thoroughly fucked. 

 

 "She came so hard," she said almost to herself. Lisa was not a complex thing, and again, I could almost hear the gears working. The night was young. 

 As Sheri slowly recovered, and her breathing returned to normal, I went to the bathroom and returned with some towels, two of them moistened. I tossed one to Bill, right in his crotch. 

 "Welcome to the ass-man's club, Bill. Remember, when it comes to rear-entry, cleanliness is next to godliness. Clean up, there's more work to be done here." As I shared my wisdom with him, with the other towel, I wiped down Sheri's ass and cunt. She clutched the cool towel hard to her and closed her legs around it. 

 Lisa returned to the bedroom, with a pitcher of ice water and some glasses. I took the offered drink and drank most of one glass. Looking over to Sheri, she had rolled over on her side and her head was resting on Bills chest. They both looked out of it. He wasn't asleep, his hand was stroking her back, but his eyes were closed. Too much excitement, too much alcohol, I decided to give them a rest. 

 ** Chapter 4 - Another Bedroom Christened ** 

 I stood, and taking Lisa's hand, pulled her up from the bed and out to the living room. I turned and pulled her into my arms, kissing her gently. She responded eagerly. 

 "I think they're done for a bit, what do you say we retire to the other room and get to know each other better," I said to her, between kisses to her ear and neck. "You know, I kind of like you when we're not arguing." That got me a playful punch. 

 "Don't you think we should stay with them?" 

 "The bed was looking crowed. Let's not bother them, when they get the energy, they know where to find us." 

 She turned and led me to her room. I had never been in her bedroom. It was filled with an eclectic mixture of lacquer furniture, antiques, an exercise bike, and dozens of odds-and-ends. They had a huge King Size bed, a four-poster with canopy. It looked old; I was guessing a family antique. 

 Lisa pulled back the down comforter and the 600 thread count sheets, and climbed in, with me close behind. She looked so fair against the dark blue sheets, my cock was already beginning to respond again. 

 Lying on my side next to her, she was laying back, eyes closed, with a hint of a smile teasing her lips. I reached out to the soft curve of her belly, running my hand all over her body - from neck to the top of her thighs - barely touching her. I let my hand go up to her face, and gently caressed her face, hairline, ears and throat. As I brushed her lips she opened her mouth and her tongue darted out and dueled with my finger. I eased my finger in her mouth, and she sucked it in, opening her eyes and staring into mine as her tongue played with my finger. I finally pulled my finger away, replacing it with my tongue. We kissed for a long while exploring each other's mouths, and kissing each other's faces. My hand was toying with her breast. 

 I sat up, crawled between her legs, and spread her legs wide. I used both hands to part the lips of her soaked pussy, and while she held her knees back and to the side, I placed my now hard cock inside her. I lowered myself on to her, her legs wrapping around me and pulling me in. I rested my weight on my elbows, face above hers, and gazed into her unbelievably beautiful face, as I very slowly and deliberately long stroked her. 

 She giggled a little self-consciously. "And what are you looking at?" 

 "I have fantasized about this for so long, and now that it's happening, I want to memorize everything about this moment. I will burn this into my brain so that when I'm 80, I'll still get hard recalling tonight." I lowered my face to hers and started kissing her hungrily, fucking her a little faster and harder. 

 "Slow down cowboy, let's enjoy this." She warned me. 

 "Don't sweat, we've got a long night ahead of us, and I'm sure my little helper down there won't let us down." 

 "So Sheri's told me. Did you two really fuck almost non-stop for an entire camping weekend?" 

 "I don't know about non-stop, but I would say more than half our waking hours those two days were spent in some kind of sex." 

 "And you just stay hard?" 

 "God no, she's so damn hot she kept getting me hard, and you can guess that after coming like six or seven times, it takes longer and longer." 

 I was casually fucking her now, enjoying the sensation, as we conversed. 

 "That was a wild time, we played a game, I could do pretty much whatever I wanted, but I had to come in each of her openings in order - mouth, pussy, ass, mouth, pussy, ass. That weekend was only the second time we had done anal, but it was also the 3rd, and 4th." 

 "And she really likes it?" 

 "Yes, on occasion - we really don't do it very often, and she usually is the one to initiate it when we do. She joking calls it Global Warming, since she's going around-the world." 

 "Do you play a lot of games like that?" she asked. 

 "I wouldn't say a lot, but we are adventurous, and try to have a lot of fun with our lovemaking. And we have some fantasy scenarios we like to explore now and then. You've appeared in quite a few of mine; but Sheri's imitation of you pales beside the real thing." 

 She was quiet, and I was speeding up again. She was biting her bottom lip, clearly enjoying the feeling. She had one hand pressing against my chest, and she thrust up against me on each down stroke. 

 I kneeled, still inside her, holding her legs wide and apart. I pulled out so just the head was inside her, waited a moment, and then slowly pushed it back in. I stopped before my thighs touched hers, so the only thing touching was our genitals. 

 "Hold your legs back." I told her and she obliged. For several minutes I slowly fucked her this way - just cock and cunt. It was all about sensation, no talking, and no intimacy, just penetration. Now she was openly moaning, licking her lips, and hugging her knees to her chest. I was playing my fingers around her pussy lips, slipped my middle finger into her pussy with my dick. 

 "Jesus! What are you doing? Ooooh", she moaned. 

 "Like it?" I was now reaching up and massaging the inside of her pussy, looking for the G-spot somewhere behind her clit. 

 "You are filling me so tight." 

 Suddenly she stiffened, and I knew I had found my target. I rubbed up against the spot that had her quivering and moaning now, while giving her long strokes with my cock. 

 "Jesus! Ohhhhh, oh, oh! God, don't stop, oooooh", she was coming hard, in bursts about 8 to 10 seconds apart. After the 5th or 6th she screamed out, arched her back hard for a solid 10 seconds, and then dropped to the bed, chest heaving, wild-eyed. 

 I removed my finger and continued to fuck her gently for a while longer. Then pulled out. She almost cried. 

 "I've got to have you from behind, I have to hold your sweet, sweet ass while fucking you." 

 "In the ass?" she asked hesitantly, as she rolled over, her ass sticking up. 

 "No, if you don't like that, I wouldn't do that to you, not unless you wanted me to." I pushed her head to the bed, so her pussy was very accessible, and slipped back inside her. I grabbed a cheek in each hand, a little roughly, and started really pumping her hard. 

 "Play with your clit, I want you to come, so I can." Her hands reached up and one was touching me where I entered her, with the other she was rubbing herself. 

 I put my thumb in my mouth and got it really wet, then pushed it slowly in her ass, while I continued to pound inside her. "This feels so great, I'm gonna come in you in a moment." I was now really pumping her ass with my thumb as I slammed into her cunt. Each stroke was shaking the bed as I drove her head into the mattress. She was frigging herself frantically. 

 "Steve, that's it, yeah, there, oooooh" she was coming, I could feel her shaking, but I didn't slow down, and soon she was coming again, "Yes, yes, yes...ooooooh, uuuuunnhhh, GAWD, UNNNH", she came hard, and I was coming with her. 

 "Fuck - you have a hot pussy, fuck, here I come, oooohh" I filled her with about 4 or 5 streams of come, then I slowed down, keeping inside her, knowing I would probably stay semi-hard, and if I kept fucking her and playing with her ass, I could get pretty hard again. 

 I stroked little strokes, and rubbed her ass, then started matching my short strokes with my thumb in her ass. Watching my thumb plow her butt-hole, I started imagining my cock stretching her wide, and could feel the results in my slowly hardening cock. 

 "Didn't you come?" she asked, with a strange sound to her voice. 

 "Of course. You are so sweet to fuck - this may be the best first fuck I've ever had with a woman." 

 "Then how come you're still hard?" 

 "It's you, I'm telling you, you are an incredible fuck. We've got a long night ahead of us, and hopefully a long day tomorrow." 

 "You're serious?" 

 "Of course." I was started to get seriously hard again, and stroking her a little firmer. 

 ** Chapter 5 - Virgin No More ** 

 "Well, that was mouth, and pussy. You're not going to try to fuck my ass, are you?" again she spoke hesitantly. I was pretty sure I knew what she wanted. But she wanted me to take control. I was gonna do anything I could to fuck that sweet virgin ass. I thought back to some discussions Sheri and I had, and remembered the time that Lisa was tied down and fucked with a wide variety of toys. If I could get her tied down, I KNEW I would be fucking her ass soon. 

 "You know, those posts look great for tying someone down. Does Bill ever tie you down?" 

 She hesitated a moment, "Sometimes, we play a little fantasy." 

 "Like?" I encouraged her, continuing to smoothly drill her swollen pussy. 

 "You know, kidnappings, pirates, frat-house toy..." 

 "What do you use?" 

 "Bathrobe belts, and ties." 

 "Ok, stay there, and don't move." I commanded her. 

 I got off the bed, and looked back at her, ass up in the air, face turned towards me, watching me expectantly. I stepped in the closet, and grabbed the robe belts and a bunch of ties. Turning back to the bed, she had pulled her knees together and lowered her ass so it was resting on her heels. 

 I slapped her ass hard, and it made a loud crack. She cried out. 

 "I told you not to move." I advised her. She was quiet, trembling a little, ass back in the air. 

 I sat next to her, stroked her back, and fastened a tie to her wrist. She watched each action intently, but never made a sound. 

 I tied that wrist to a wooden rod in the headboard, near the center, and walked around to the other side. 

 "What are you going to do?" she asked, with a quiver in her voice. 

 Smack! I cracked her butt cheek again. "Quiet!" She obeyed. 

 As I tied her other hand to the headboard I told her. "Pretty much whatever I want. I won't hurt you. You trust me don't you? You can answer." 

 "Yes" she said softly. 

 I placed two pillows beneath her waist before I tied her legs out to the corner posts. She was such a tiny thing, the robe belt barely reached. Then I was done and stepped back to inspect my handiwork. 

 "You look irresistible, it's going to be hard to control myself." She had enough slack to move quite a bit, but she wasn't going anywhere. I took two of the ties and started wrapping her eyes. 

 "Steve..." 

 I grabbed a handful of her hair, and twisted her head to look up at me. "How do you think you should address me?" 

 "Master?" she asked hesitantly, noticeably tensing. 

 "Yes, my helpless slave?" 

 "There is a sleep mask in the top drawer." 

 "Well done." I answered, and she relaxed a bit. I opened the drawer and pulled out the mask, tightening the strap, I slipped it over her eyes. 

 "You earned a small reward for the bravery it took to offer up that idea." I moved down between her legs and licked her pussy, and ass for about a minute, and quickly had her writhing. 

 "I'll be back." I went to the kitchen, where I grabbed a banana, still a little green. Then stopped by the entry closet where I knew Bill kept the video camera. Bill and Sheri deserved to be a part of this as well. 

 Walking back to the room, I stepped over to her, and in about 20 seconds, had 3/4 of that banana in her cunt. "Don't crush that," I warned her. I then set up the camera. I placed it for a good shot of her head, after I had panned the entire setup. I would adjust it later for the real action. She had to be wondering what was going on, but she remained quiet and obedient. 

 Finally I was ready. I went to the bathroom, filled a Dixie cup with water, which I drank, then I brought it to her. I held it to her lips and she drank. Once it was empty, I tossed it aside, grabbed her hair, pulled her head back and to the side, and fed her my somewhat soft cock. 

 She sucked like a demon, licking, sucking, bobbing her head up and down. I was very soon hard again, hard enough for her to take down her throat. I was fucking her face now - thrusting into it, but not too hard. 

 "You are such a good little cocksucker, aren't you?" 

 "Mmm-Hmmm", she responded, nodding a little and trying to smile. 

 "I want you to think about what I'm about to do to you. In a moment you'll tell me just what you think it'll be, and you'd better be close." I reached under her, and pinched her nipple, giving it a hard little twist for emphasis. She pressed her tit into my hand. 

 I pulled my cock out, and rubbed it all over her face, before leaving it in front of her mouth for her to kiss and lick. "Go ahead," I told her. 

 "I think first you'll spank me for not guessing close enough," she started, "you might even use a brush or a shoe. Then you'll probably gag me, so my cries won't be heard- no, you'll do that first!" 

 I had climbed behind her and was straddling her ass, rubbing my hands on her shoulders and backs, around her sides down to cup her tits. I was fondling her possessively. I pinched both nipples for a second. 

 She hesitated a moment before she continued, in a disarmingly quiet voice. "Then you'll fuck me, until you are as big and hard as you can get, and then you'll finish in my poor virgin ass. I can't stop you." I was now massaging her tits, as a sort of positive reinforcement. 

 "You're right you can't stop me, and then...?" I asked. 

 "Then, you'll ungag me, untie me, and make me clean you up." 

 "Uh-Huh", I encouraged her. 

 "Then I'll have to service you mouth, pussy and ass - you'll make me do all the work. Even untied, you're so much bigger than me, so strong, what can I do?" 

 "You're such a smart and pretty little slave, I think I'll call you Lyssete," I told her, as I wrapped, the tie around behind her head and tight across her mouth, "You know, my sweet Lyssete, it's a shame to waste that talented mouth of yours, but I wouldn't want your cries to bother anyone while I fuck you silly, then give you your first good ass reaming." I got up and rearranged the camera. 

 It was the first I had confirmed her impending butt-fuck. She moaned and made noises, I can only guess what she was trying to say. I had no real plan, other than fucking her ass of course, so I followed her agenda. I spanked her butt and the tops of her thighs, first with my hand, and then with a slipper with leather soles. I gave her quite a few smacks, at least twenty or so, and I wasn't gentle. She pinked up nicely. 

 Only when I was done, did I remove the banana from her pussy. I pointed the camera back to her face. I untied her gag, she was breathing pretty heavy, and fed her the banana, eating half myself, feeding her from my mouth. 

 I went back to the other room, where Sheri and Bill were sleeping. They must have enjoyed another session, because now they were positioned head to toe. I grabbed the jar of Vaseline, and headed back to Lisa. In the living room, I spotted the half-full pitcher of melted margaritas and picked that up along the way. 

 I placed the Vaseline jar on her back, like a table, a clear hint of things to come. I then gave her a shot of margarita in a Dixie cup, took one myself, then gave her another. Once she had swallowed, I proceeded to feed her my cock, which had softened. Neither of us spoke. Once she had my cock at full mast, I gagged her again, "Good girl." 

 I moved the camera very close to the bed, focused on her ass. I knelt between her legs and pulled her ass towards me, causing her body to slide down, and her arms to become outstretched at the top of the bed. Without another word, I pushed the full length of my cock up her hot pussy, and started pumping her hard. I adjusted my position several times, more upright, more from the side, until I got just the friction I was looking for. I was starting to get REALLY hard. The thought of fucking that virgin ass was doing wonders to my dick, it must have been almost 8 inches long and so thick around I was a little worried about hurting her ass. The whole time I was talking to her, making comments about how tight she looked, how irresistible her ass was, if only everyone in the office could see her like this. I told her that Sheri and Bill had woken up and had a 69 session, but were passed out again. I hope they wake up and see this, I'd like to share you with them, I told her. She was moaning, and wiggling her tight ass at me. 

 "That's good," I told her, "Keep me happy, Lyssete, my darling pleasure slave, and you'll be happier, trust me." I accentuated my comment with a couple of good slaps to her ass. 

 I grabbed her hair and pulled her head back hard, as I fucked her harder and harder. She was trembling and moaning now. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Our First Swing:... ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© I reached for the Vaseline and dropped a scoop of it on her little brown hole. Just then I could hear and feel her cumming, and cumming hard, in anticipation. I kept a steady pace of fucking up as I loosened her ass. She was such a hot little bitch, and she came so easily. I'd never seen anything like it. 

 "You've been so good, I'm going to open you up easy. Relax and enjoy. Or don't. I don't really care. I'm fucking your ass tonight, one way or the other." As she stopped cumming, she did relax her ass a bit, and I got my thumb in her. I pushed and pulled to the sides, then dipped my middle finger in the jar, and slipped it up her rear. 

 "That's right, my finger slips in so easy, I think you're ready for two." I removed my finger. I scooped up a bit more, rubbed it around the rim, and dipped both fingers into the jar. I slipped my middle finger back in her easily. 

 "I wish you could see this view," I told her, "my cock slipping in and out, the lips of your hot little pussy clasping it and pulling out with each stroke. My finger, going in and out of that little brown hole. This is amazing." With that, I slipped my index finger in with the middle. She handled it pretty easy, with a few grunts, and after a few moments she was pushing back. 

 "Are you embarrassed that it feels so good, Lyssete? I'm telling you, a world class ass like this was meant to have stiff meat up it hard and often." Her ass was opened pretty well, if I pulled my fingers out it stayed open for a moment before slowly closing. 

 "Baby, it's time. I am soooo going to fuck your tight virgin ass." With that I pulled my cock out of her pussy, and pushed her down onto the pillows under her belly. Again, she moaned something into the tie, gibbering away, but who was listening? I grabbed the jar of Vaseline and globbed a mess on my cock, on the head and up the shaft. My other fingers stayed in her ass this whole time, limbering her. Right when I pulled out she tensed up and I could feel it; now she was relaxing a bit. 

 "Here goes...", I pulled my fingers out and placed my iron-stiff rod at her opening. She was groaning and shaking her head like she didn't want it, and she clenched her cheeks for a bit. 

 SMACK. I cracked her ass hard with my open hand, and she settled. As she relaxed her cheeks, I pushed the head into her ass. 

 It sounded like she was saying, ow, ow, ow, but the gag muffled too much. Her hands were grabbing the sheets hard. 

 "God, Lyssete, I'm in your ass and you are tight as a 14 year old." The head was well lodged in her, but the shaft behind it looked to be almost twice as thick around as the currently stretched opening. With that I worked in another inch. 

 "Oh, yeah, you're taking it, and it looks great." I started working my cock back and forth, slowly then faster, as I penetrated deeper. I stopped with about 4 inches in her to give her a moment to get used to it while I massaged her ass cheeks. She was moaning continuously. 

 I could feel her relaxing a bit growing accustomed to the huge invader, stretching her far beyond anything she had felt there before. 

 "Ok baby, you can do this, I'm giving you the rest now." I started working her ass again, with short strokes, not pulling back much at all, just insistently pushing forward. 

 "You got it, you got the whole thing. You are so awesome. You are the sweetest most delectable fuck, I may fuck you all night long. From the moment I first saw you I knew you'd make the most delicious pleasure slave. You're body is designed for love, and you respond so nicely." 

 I fucked her ass pretty smoothly, mostly half-strokes. It was another minute before I spoke again. 

 "You can't know how incredible your ass looks, with my prick in it, spreading you so wide." With that, I gave her a couple of long slow strokes, watching my swollen cock fill her. 

 She was lying down now, only the pillows under her hips raising her butt for me. I half lay on top of her, plunging down into her ass, nuzzling her neck, fondling her tits. After a few more strokes I reached up and untied one hand. She was moaning deeply now. 

 "Shhhhh, you don't want to wake anyone do you?" She shook her head no. 

 "Now, rub your clit and pussy with your free hand," I told her as I continued to drill her virgin hole. 

 I felt her insinuate her hand between herself and the pillow under her hips. She was pushing back now, and clearly getting very excited. I untied her gag. 

 "Shhhh...", I whispered, "tell me, wouldn't you love to have a cock in your pussy and ass at the same time?" 

 "Oh no, please. No. I couldn't take two. It hurt way too much just to take your huge cock back there." 

 I reached under her, and pinched her nipples, "No, please, Master." 

 "Master," she repeated. 

 "Oh, I'm sure you could." 

 She just groaned. 

 I was fucking her hard again, "Or how about one in your mouth, one in your ass, and Mistress Sheri, licking your sweet cunt?" 

 "Ooooh," was her answer. 

 I took two fingers and placed them in her mouth. She sucked on them as if her life depended on it. I was still fucking her tight butt-hole nice and steady. 

 "Yeah, I'd like to see your cuckolded husbands cock in your mouth, as he watched me fuck that ass he's wanted so bad. Mistress Sheri could lick your pussy and maybe even work you with a vibrator." 

 I pulled my hand from her mouth, grabbed her by the shoulders, and picked up the pace. The image of her being triple teamed was exciting me even more, if that was possible. 

 "Could... we?" she gasped between strokes, "would... she......Master?" 

 "Oh, yeah", I answered, exciting myself. "I think we should all take turns getting pleasured by the other three." 

 "God, yes, yes, yes" was her answer. 

 I could feel myself getting close. I sat up, pulled her ass up, spread her knees wide, and grabbed her hips in a tight grip. 

 "It's almost time," I told her, and started to fuck her ass furiously. 

 I wasn't as close as I thought, and I must have pumped for a full five minutes. We were both breathing very heavy, and the sweat was dripping off me, splashing off her ass. I slowed and took long, deliberate full strokes, all the way in and out of her ass. I was even pulling completely out. Her hole just waited for me, wide open. 

 "You can't believe this view, watching the whole length of my cock, seven full inches, disappear up that tiny hole," I was telling her. "You just stay open for me when I pull out, begging to be filled! Can you feel that?" 

 "Yes, yes" she answered, her fingers still rubbing her pussy, and occasionally tweeking her tits. I watched her pull her wet fingers from inside her pussy, and then suck them like a cock. 

 "You know, Lyssete, I'm going to have to fuck your ass again." 

 "Yes, I know." 

 "And I don't just mean again tonight and tomorrow morning", I answered, still long stroking her, just a little faster. 

 "Oooooh" 

 Then just a little later, "I'm yours. Yours whenever you want, as long as nobody knows." She whispered, "Master." 

 "I know. And when I call you by your name, Lyssete, you'll remember." 

 It was time, I could feel the load coming. "I'm there baby, I'm there, you're gonna get your first load up that incredible ass of yours" I announced. I grabbed her ass cheeks hard, and pumped several long hard strokes into her, until at last I exploded. 

 "Yesssss, yes, yes". 

 Lisa cried out, arching her back and pushing her ass hard towards me. Her whole body was shaking hard, and she was cumming as well. I kept fucking her ass not wanting to stop, until I was too soft, and I popped out. 

 She just lay there, breathing like a buffalo. I got up, turned off the camera and moved it to the side. I then lightly kissed each ass cheek, and untied her legs. I sat beside her head, and untied her hand and removed her blindfold. 

 "You pleasured me well; you make a better love slave than I might have thought. You've earned release from bondage for a while. Consider yourself free, Lisa." 

 "Thank you, Master." She wrapped her arms around my waist and pulled herself around me, holding me almost desperately. 

 I stroked her head, and her back, patting the ass I had just used so forcefully. In a couple of minutes she calmed down. 

 Finally, she spoke, "That was incredible." 

 "It was. Let's clean up, take a shower, have something cold to drink, and then back to join Sheri and Bill." 

 "You going to tell them?" She sounded nervous. 

 "No, it's our little secret. What you do as my slave Lyssete, no one has to know." 

 "Thank you." 

 "What I am going to do is screw you on the bed they're lying on, and then finish in your mouth - it is time to come in your mouth next, isn't it?" I teased. 

 "Yes." She smiled an odd little smile that made me wonder what she was thinking. 

 "Good, start the shower." While she did, I put away the camera, grabbing the video cartridge and placing it in my pants pocket in the living room. When I came back to the bedroom, she had put away the ties, belts, and other evidence. 

 Fifteen minutes later we had cleaned up pretty well, and were actually feeling a bit invigorated. We had started poker around 7:30, and it was now nearly 1: 00am. There was a little playing around in the shower but nothing serious. 

 ** Chapter 6 - Altogether Now ** 

 After we had dried off, I lifted her in my arms and carried her to the guest room. She giggled and called me her good knight on the way. 

 The queen-sized bed was pretty full. Bill was curled up to Sheri's back, and snoring softly. They were lying diagonally, and the foot of the bed was available; it was there that I put down Lisa, crosswise. 

 I lay down next to her and started kissing her face, neck and lips. 

 "Are we really going to do it again?" she whispered into my ear. 

 "You bet your sweet - and I do mean sweet - ass we are!" 

 "Shhhhh," she admonished me, then giggled. 

 "I need to worship your body for a few minutes, I hope you don't mind," I told her as I lowered my head to her breasts. For the next ten minutes I kissed and licked her from head to toe, spending a few minutes on her moistening pussy. I then rolled her over, and did the same to her back, neck, legs and finally, ass. I spread her legs apart, then her ass cheeks, and gently kissed her in her crack, bathing her ass hole with my tongue, caressing the bringer of so much pleasure. She was red there, and a little, sensitive, but I was gentle. Then I turned her back to her front. 

 I lay opposite her, head by her knees, and pulled her over on top of me. She took the hint and straddled my face. Moments later her tongue was bathing my balls, and her mouth was engulfing my cock, bringing it slowly back to life. I was licking her pussy, and sucking on her clit. I placed my thumb in her pussy, and rested my fingers across her not-so-virgin rosebud. It wasn't long before I was hard again. 

 I rolled to my side, dislodging her, rolling her on top of Bills feet. I pulled her back to the bottom of the bed, on her side still, and bent her top leg out, while straddling her bottom leg. She was facing Sheri, as I lifted her leg up high, across my body and onto my shoulder. I could feel her hand guiding me into her ready pussy, and then I was clutching her leg with both arms, and fucking her thoroughly. I could see she was chewing on her own arm, which was stretched out above her, towards Sheri and Bill, and playing with her own breasts. 

 We didn't say anything, just enjoying the sex. I would occasionally move her leg down, pushing it into the bed, penetrating her more from the rear, then later, back up, sometimes kissing and licking her ankle and foot. She made some little sounds of enjoyment, but stayed pretty quiet. 

 After a period of more aggressive pounding, I noticed Sheri's eyes were open and watching us. Lisa must have noticed, and their eyes were soon locked together. Sheri reached out and held Lisa's outstretched hand. 

 I decided on a change of position, and I moved Lisa's bottom leg, putting her into more of a fetal position, then re-entered her pussy. She and Sheri never let go, and kept looking at each other. 

 "You are so pretty," Sheri finally spoke. 

 Sheri pulled herself halfway towards us, and started kissing and sucking Lisa's fingers. 

 I rolled Lisa more onto her back, and holding her legs together, placed them over my left shoulder. I grabbed her by the thighs, and started to screw her more insistently. 

 "Are you enjoying her?" This one was clearly addressed to me. 

 "She's perfect," I answered. 

 "What about you, isn't he incredible?" she prompted Lisa. 

 "Oh, God, thank you for sharing him," she fervently replied, as I pounded away. 

 Sheri pulled herself the rest of the way down the bed, and was soon taking the best of care of Lisa's breasts. Sheri had told me she'd never done anything with another woman, but during some of our bedroom play I would introduce the idea of another woman and she would respond. Like she was now. I had slowed a bit to watch the show. I spread Lisa's legs apart, an ankle in each hand, for a better view. 

 Lisa pulled Sheri's head up to hers, and they were kissing, deeply. Bill had finally stirred, and he was back to kissing Sheri's ass and cunt. Sheri spread her legs wider to accommodate him. 

 Sheri stopped the kissing, and lay with her head on Lisa's chest, watching me fuck her best friend. "That looks so good, can I have some?" She finally asked. 

 "Of course!" I answered, "But on two conditions." 

 "Oh? And those are?" 

 I even had Bill's attention now. "First, I want to alternate fucking both of you, doggy style." 

 "And second?" 

 I paused in my fucking. "I have to finish in Lisa's mouth, it's her turn." 

 Sheri arched her eyebrows and sat up, "Oh really? Her mouth's turn?" 

 "Yep." I got back to pumping away. 

 Sheri was looking into Lisa's face; Lisa was blushing strongly. Sheri bent down and kissed her on the lips, and said "Good." 

 Sheri extricated herself from Bills oral attention, and got on her hands and knees, with her ass hanging over the edge of the bed. 

 "Mister DeMille, I'm ready for my audition," she hammed it up, and wiggled her butt enticingly. 

 I pulled out, stood up next to the bed, pulled Sheri's pussy down to the right height, and entered her. She was a little dry, in spite of Bill's help, and yelped when I pushed in deep on the first stroke. A few more strokes and things were as smooth as silk. 

 "Lisa, please, into position! This is a well oiled machine." I said. 

 She was laughing now, rolling over, and wiggling her ass backwards, putting it in position for my amorous attentions. 

 Bill was sitting up, crosslegged, watching the goings on, with a bit of a confused look. I think he was only just realizing I'd been fucking the hell out of his wife. 

 "Bill, into position!" I told him. He looked at me quizzically. "You should be in front of these ladies, and between them, so whoever is not having her twat filled by yours truly can administer attentions to your little soldier." 

 Both girls were laughing out loud, as Bill quickly crawled to the edge of the bed opposite, lay back, and held his cock up for attention. Getting into the spirit of the moment, he pronounced 'Ten-Hut!" 

 Lisa turned and took his semi-flaccid member in her mouth, and worked at reviving him. 

 With all the activity, I hadn't been concentrating at the work at hand. I grabbed Sheri's ass cheeks, spreading them apart with my thumbs, as I screwed her vigorously. I was rubbing at her butt-hole, "I may have to take my turn here soon." 

 "Oh no you don't," she laughed, "You haven't come in my mouth or pussy yet, it's certainly not your turn there yet." I laughed with her. 

 Lisa almost choked. Bill was oblivious. 

 "Switch!" I announced. I slid over, and quickly entered Lisa, immediately pumping away, hardly losing a stroke. I saw Lisa's head come up, and she moaned loudly; the back of Sheri's head disappeared from view. 

 While I was pumping away at Lisa's hot little cunt, I imagined drilling her ass, while the others weren't even aware. With my left hand I was working on Sheri's pussy, and with my right I started plugging Lisa's other opening. I gave it another minute or so, then called switch again. I was getting over excited, and new I'd be cumming soon. I now had a thumb in each ass, and in seconds I was fucking Sheri's familiar box again. I started to fuck her fast and hard, while Lisa worked on Bill. I could hear murmurs of encouragement from him, but nothing distinct. 

 "Sheri, take over for Lisa," I announced, "Lisa turn around, lie on your back, and leave your head half off the bed. I'm getting close, and I'm finishing in your mouth." 

 Lisa did as she was told, and I fucked Sheri hard for another two minutes, while Lisa watched in anticipation. I knew I was really close. 

 "Here I come," and I pulled out of Sheri's wet pussy, and slid my cock, slick with the juices of both girls, deep into Lisa's mouth. 

 I gave her a few seconds to adjust, and soon was pumping my cock down her throat, ending each stroke with my balls on her nose, my entire cock in her mouth and throat. She was certainly a talented fellatrix. I had a hand on each breast, squeezing and rubbing them while I face fucked this beauty. 

 Sheri had moved across the bed and was straddling Bill's cock. She had her back to him, and was leaning forward, playing with Lisa's pussy. Bill was holding Sheri's waist, raising her off his crotch, and fucking up into her like there was no tomorrow. 

 "I'm there," I told Lisa, and pulled out so just the head was in her mouth. She opened her mouth wide, and was licking the head. One hand still squeezing a tit, with the other I jerked off into her mouth, coming after only a few strokes. I didn't manage much volume, and she caught all but a few errant drops, which ended up on her cheek and neck. I placed my cock back in her mouth and she sucked me dry. 

 At the opposite end of the bed Sheri had gotten on her hands and knees and had her head buried in Lisa's pussy. Bill was fucking Sheri doggy style, eyes closed, and loving every moment. 

 I dropped to my knees, resting Lisa's head on my shoulder, massaging both her tits, and whispering in her ear while I kissed her face. "Don't get too tired, I've got plans for you." 

 She turned her head to look at me, deliberately licked her lips and said, "Promise?" 

 Bill was coming in Sheri. 

 "Oh yeah, guaranteed." I answered. 

 "Sheri knows, doesn't she?" 

 "Suspects, strongly suspects." 

 She closed her eyes and lay back to enjoy Sheri's ministrations. It was an incredible sight, Sheri bent over, enjoying a firm cock, while performing her first oral sex on another woman. She was clearly enjoying it, as was Lisa by every indication. 

 I placed a small gentle kiss on Lisa's lips, then stood up and carried the pitcher back to the kitchen, where I refilled it with water and a little ice. I helped myself to some OJ I found in the frig, then returned to the scene of the debauchery, with cool libations for the participants. 

 Bill was now lying beside Lisa, stroking her breasts, and watching the tongue- lashing that Sheri was applying to Lisa's well-exercised pussy. I grabbed a pillow from the head of the bed, and placed it beneath Lisa's head. 

 I think the party was reaching its physical limitations. Sheri finally sat up, clearly exhausted, her face glazed with juices from Lisa's cunt. I tossed her a towel to clean up with, and brought her a tall glass of cool water, which she downed with hardly a breath. 

 Bill was conversing softly with Lisa, who appeared half-asleep, and deeply relaxed. He was running his fingers through her hair, and caressing her face and shoulders. There was a smile plastered across her face, that I fantasized would remain long after she slowly faded from view. 

 Turning back to Sheri, I saw she also was taking in the tender view at the foot of our bed. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Our First Swing:... ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© "Well, this has been a productive night," she pronounced, "but I'm afraid I'm done for the night. Any suggestions about sleeping arrangements?" 

 When no one immediately spoke up, I filled the gap. "I, for one, have had an incredible time tonight. I'd like to avoid the morning awkwardness. Does anyone here regret what was done here tonight?" I asked. 

 Lisa was more alert now, and everyone was looking around, waiting to see if anyone would have any reservations about our evening. 

 "If not, would anyone be adverse to us retiring to our own rooms, with an understanding?" I further ventured. 

 "What understanding?" Lisa chimed in from the foot of the bed. 

 I blurted out my idea. "I'd like to invite the girls to switch rooms in the morning, after our showers, and before brunch, so we can have a short romantic interlude, followed by brunch in town and our drive up the skyline drive." 

 I was a little surprised to hear Bill chime in, "I'd suggest setting the alarms for 10:00. It's almost 3:00 and I think we could all use some resting up." 

 Sheri piped in, "I'm in, if you are Lisa. I'd like to try leisurely straight missionary sex with Bill, just for a change of pace." She was grinning as she spoke. 

 Lisa looked to me, "I'll be in here at 10:30, but I'm only yours until 11:30, then we're headed to Myrtle's 'cause I'm sure I'll be famished!" 

 On this note Bill got up and helped Lisa to her feet, and they headed off to their room. I stood to close the door, laughing at myself when I got there, wondering what good privacy would do us now. Sheri was tearing the sheets off the bed, and was looking to me for help to put on the new ones she'd retrieved from the closet. 

 10 minutes later we were in bed, having taken a quick shower, brushed our teeth, and set the alarm. 

 Sheri was the first to bring up the nights activities. "Jeez, my ass and pussy are raw. If Bill licks me again, I may scream. He's great, but I need a break. Whatever happened to good old fucking?" 

 She rolled over to her side, and looked at me. "So, am I to understand that my ass isn't the only one that's sore?" 

 "Mm-Hm," I managed, through my relaxed state. 

 "Don't you dare fall asleep! I need to know some details." She was shaking my shoulder now, and I knew that my dreams of rest were postponed for a while at least. 

 "Ok, here's the deal, if you can get me hard, and will ride me, I'll give you every little detail." 

 Which she did, and I did. 

 Our lovemaking was gentle and conversational, although I could tell she was getting worked up. 

 "So what's this slave thing?" she asked me as I was finishing the part where I deflowered Lisa's ass. 

 "I figure she wears the pants in that family and is looking for a strong man to dominate her a bit. She tells me she'll be my slave on demand." Sheri was still rocking back and forth on my semi-hard dick, and I was fondling her beautiful breasts. Lisa's were nice, but Sheri's were wonderful. 

 "Are you sure?" she pressed. 

 "No, but I intend to find out in the morning." I had given up on the fucking, nothing left it appeared, and was starting to dwindle. 

 "Good. This does have some interesting possibilities." She rolled off me. "Thanks for tonight, you really did maneuver things well from the onset. I was watching you thinking I was in the presence of manipulative greatness." I couldn't tell if she was teasing me, or not. 

 "No, thank you, for everything. You are the most incredible sexiest woman I have ever known. Tonight I was in awe. And that initial blow job was just genius." 

 "Yeah, we make a helluva team, dontcha think?" 

 "Absolutely. You know I love you." It was a statement. 

 "I know," she responded sleepily, "I love you." 

 "But of course, you'd be a fool not too." I answered with my stock response. Report_Story 