#1 

 

 ****** Pauline's Anniversary ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© Author's note. If the "N" word upsets you give this one a pass. 

 The day had been an extremely productive one for me. I landed two new clients and closed a mega-deal with another and my boss took me out to celebrate. We had a couple of drinks at the lounge across the street from our office building and then he took me to his favorite titty bar where he paid for me to have several lap dances. I was having a great time and then he tried to make it even better. He pointed to a ravishing redhead and said, "If you want her I'll pay. You can consider it as part of your bonus." 

 "You mean these girls are all hookers?" 

 "Not all of them, but I do have a special relationship with a couple of them." 

 I looked long and lustfully at the redhead and I really wanted to take David up on his offer, but I'd only been married for five years and I was still in love with and faithful to my wife. I thanked David for the offer, politely begged off and then looked at my watch and saw that it was time to go home. I took one last longing look at the redhead and headed out the door. 

 The house was dark and silent when I got home. I couldn't remember Pauline saying that she was going to be out that night. I walked into the kitchen, turned on the light and immediately knew that I was in deep, deep shit. Sitting on the kitchen table was a wine bucket with a bottle of champagne in it, a box with a bow around it and a card propped up against two glasses. It was our fifth anniversary and I had forgotten. Not totally forgotten - I did have a present and a card for Pauline under the bed, but I had totally spaced out that we were supposed to have gone out for dinner and a show that night. I had gotten so pumped up by the day I had at work that I had just forgotten. I checked out the rest of the house, but Pauline was gone. 

 Pauline can sometimes be a little strong minded and I could almost guess what had happened. She would have been checking her watch and tapping her foot as she kept waiting for me to get home. She would have called the office and not had anyone answer. More watch checking and foot tapping until finally she would have said to hell with it, grabbed her purse and gone out by herself. She probably went and had dinner and then went to see the show alone and the entire time she would have been seething with anger. I was not in for a good time when she finally got home. When she was not home by my normal bedtime I debated waiting up for her, but decided that if I wasn't waiting up I could put off what I knew was coming for just a little bit longer. 

 When I woke up in the morning Pauline was not in bed with me. I figured that she would either be on the couch or in the spare bedroom. I took my morning whiz and headed for the kitchen to put the coffee on and on the way I saw a trail of discarded clothing leading from the front door to the door of the spare room. High heels, then a dress, panties and then a bra lying next to a man's tie. I stopped cold - a man's tie? I followed the line of clothes and just outside the bedroom door was a man's shirt. I put an ear to the door and couldn't hear anything so I very quietly opened the door and peeked in. There was a man I didn't recognize snoring on the bed. He was naked and he was as black as the ace of spades. Lying next to him was a naked Pauline and she had one leg thrown over his and her hand was resting on his soft cock. I stood there in the doorway for maybe a minute and a half before closing the door softly and walking away. 

 I made some coffee and took it out onto the deck. I sat and sipped the coffee and wondered about what Pauline had just done and what she was telling me. She was most definitely making a statement of some sort. She had not only given herself to another man, but she had not gone to a hotel, motel or his place to do it - she had brought him home where she could rub my face in. She had to know that she was ending the marriage, that I wouldn't turn a blind eye to what she'd done. I tried to think of what could have caused her to do it. We had, or at least I thought we'd had a good marriage. It had rocky spots as most marriages do, but I couldn't think of anything that would have caused Pauline to put such a drastic end to it. I finished my coffee, went back to get another cup and then I headed for the shower. 

 As I passed the spare bedroom I heard noises and I put my ear to the door. A man's voice was saying "Oh yes, oh yes baby, suck that black cock. Damn, you've got the hottest mouth that I've ever been in." 

 "Well lover, I have to tell you, yours is one of the nicest cocks I've ever had in it." 

 "Stop talking you little white slut and suck my cock." 

 "Sure lover, what ever you say." 

 I don't know why, but I stood there and listened as he called Pauline his white cock sucking slut, his white married whore and a few other things while she worked on his root. Then I heard, "Get ready you cum sucking slut, here it comes. That's it, that's it you little whore, swallow it all. Don't lose a drop bitch, suck it all out of me." 

 After about a minute I heard Pauline say, "If I can get it hard again will you fuck me one more time before you have to leave?" 

 "I don't have to go anywhere you sweet little slut. I can stay here and feed you black cock all day if you want." 

 "Oh I want lover, I most definitely want that black sausage in me all day. Here, eat my pussy while I suck you hard again." 

 At that point I moved quietly away from the door and went to take my shower. 

 As I soaped myself I wondered why I had a hard cock. What sick thing was going on in my mind that listening to my wife sucking on a black man's cock would give me a hard on? It was still hard when I finished my shower so I soaped myself up good and jacked myself off. 

 Dressed and ready to leave for work I again stopped at the spare bedroom door and put my ear up to it. "Oh yes, like that, hard lover, fuck me hard. Oh God, so good, so good. I love your black cock lover, I love what you are doing to me. Fuck me baby, fuck me." 

 Damned if my cock didn't get hard again. 

 "Pound that cock into me baby, fuck me with that big, black pole. Make me glad to be your married white whore." 

 "Here it comes slut. Another load a black man's juice for your hungry cunt." 

 "Yes lover, yes. Cum in me baby, cum in me." 

 Then there were several moments of silence and then, "Get those white lips of yours around my johnson and get me hard again whore." 

 "Yes lover, whatever you want baby, just tell me and I'll do it." 

 "I want your ass next whore. I want to slide my stiff black sausage into your tight, white ass." 

 "Whatever lover, whatever you want." 

 My hard cock wilted when I heard that. Pauline would never let me have her ass. For five years it was always no whenever I asked, but she wasn't saying shit to this guy that she'd only known for a night. But then, how did I know that? She might have been fucking guys behind my back for a long time now. In the room I heard, "That's it bitch, stick that ass up in the air and let me work a thumb in there." I heard a long, low moan and I had to leave before I went into that room and killed somebody. 

 I was a mess all fucking day. Wisely, I avoided all contact with my clients - the mood I was in anything could have happened. I spent half the day getting hard ons thinking about Pauline with a black cock in her mouth or sliding into her tight, white ass, an ass that she had never let me have. The other half of the day I was in a murderous rage because of what she had done. Curiously enough I had no animosity toward the black man she was fucking. Pauline was a sexy woman and men were hitting on her all the time. I'd always thought that Pauline had shrugged them off, but now I wasn't so sure. 

 By the end of the day I was too pissed to go home and face Pauline. The mood I was in might have lent itself to violence so I grabbed my boss and we headed for the titty bar. I had a couple of beers and watched the girls do their thing. When the redhead did her set I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She was just so absolutely fantastic. Given what Pauline had done to me the previous night I was kicking myself for not taking David up on his offer. Dave noticed the way I was staring at her and he laughed, "I can see the hunger all over your face. The offer is still good." 

 "I don't know Dave. I'd love to, but right now is just not a good time." 

 Twenty minutes later Dave got up to go to the bathroom and he must have talked to the redhead while he was in the back because she came over to me and gave me a lap dance. When she was done she sat down on my hard on, squirmed on it, and said, "I'm Tiffany and I get off at two. Meet me at Denny's" and then she got up to do her next set. I had one more beer and feeling a little calmer I headed on home. 

 I opened the door to blaring rap music. I walked over to the stereo, shut it off and then I headed for the kitchen where I found Pauline and her black man sitting at the table drinking beer. I ignored them and got myself a beer from the refrigerator and as I was opening it the black guy said, "What you doing turning off my music?" 

 "I don't listen to that shit." 

 "What makes you think you have a say in what goes on around here anymore?" 

 "You saying I don't?" 

 "Well honky, I done took your bitch and made her my slut and now she is a whore for my black meat and I know how the law works in this state. She gonna get the house and you going to be out on your ass so why don't you just leave now so she can get back to sucking my big, hard black cock." 

 Pauline's face had turned white when he started talking and I didn't know whether it was because she wasn't in agreement with him or because she suspected what was going to happen next. 

 "Get your stupid nigger ass out of that chair and get out of my house before I hurt you." 

 He stood up and said, "Oh yeah?" and I hit him. All the pent up rage that I had carried around with me all day was behind the punch and it picked him up off his feet and he fell in a heap on the floor out cold. Pauline looked at me, "I didn't know he was going to say those things." 

 "Doesn't matter Pauline, I don't care. Go and gather up all his clothes." 

 "Why? What are you going to do?" 

 "I'm going to throw his black ass outside." 

 "But the neighbors - what will they think?" 

 "They will think I came home and caught you fucking him and that I threw his ass out." 

 "But if you do that how will I face them?" 

 "You weren't worried about having to face me Pauline, why are you worried about the neighbors? Go and get his clothes." 

 I drug him out of the house by his heels and laid him out in the middle of the front yard and tossed his clothes on the ground next to him. I was sitting on the front porch sipping a beer and watching the neighbor's watch when he started to move. He sat up, saw me on the porch watching him and then he pulled on his pants and his shirt and headed off down the street without looking back. A couple of the neighbors clapped and hollered Bravo as I went back into the house. 

 Pauline was sitting at the table crying when I went into the kitchen. "What the hell are you crying about?" 

 "What he told you. I am not his bitch and he didn't take me away from you. I didn't even want him here when you got home, but I couldn't make him leave." 

 "You weren't in any hurry to make him leave this morning." 

 "That was different." 

 "What was different about this morning?" 

 "Last night and this morning were revenge against you for what you did to me last night." 

 "Get serious Pauline. Fucking another man because I forgot our anniversary and came home late? I'm not buying it." 

 "It had nothing to do with you coming home late. It's about that fucking redhead." 

 "What are you talking about?" 

 "When you didn't get home I got in the car thinking that you might be working late. I got to the office in time to see you and Dave come out of the bar and I followed you to that strip joint. I couldn't bring myself to follow you in so I sat outside and waited for you to come back out. After a while when you didn't come out I went and opened the door and looked inside. I saw you and that fucking redhead. I saw her rubbing your cock while you sat there with a silly grin on your face while you stared at the slut's tits. I saw her sit on your lap and dry fuck you and I said okay, if that's how he wants to celebrate our anniversary then I'll go out and celebrate too. You hurt me you bastard and I brought Leroy home with me to hurt you just as bad." 

 "And that's why you let him fuck you in the ass? And why you told him he could stay here and fuck you all day? You brought another man into my house and let him fuck you just because I forgot to hurry home and I let Dave buy me a few drinks and a lap dance? You poor, stupid dumb bitch." 

 "What's a lap dance?" 

 "That's where the stripper comes over to your table and shakes it in your face and makes lewd gestures to earn tips. Dave paid her to do one for me." 

 "Are you telling me that you didn't have sex with her?" 

 "You can't have sex with them - it's against the law for you to touch them or for them to touch you. If they do and the cops are watching the bar would get shut down. It's all fake Pauline, maybe not what some would call good, clean fun, but it is just adult entertainment." 

 "You didn't have sex with her?" 

 "No, of course not. I'm a married man and, at least until this morning, that meant something to me." 

 "Oh God" she wailed and she got up and ran from the room. 

 Pauline was in the spare bedroom when I went up to go to bed. I lay there and thought about just how stupid Pauline had been. Why hadn't she stormed on down to where we were sitting and called Tiffany a slut or called me names or done anything other than what she did? I tossed and turned and wondered about the mess that Pauline and I were now into. I wasn't sleeping for shit and so I got up and went back downstairs and got myself another beer. I sat at the kitchen table sipping it and thought about what to do. I really didn't see any future for me and Pauline and it had nothing to do with the fact that the man Pauline had fucked was black, but how do you just shut down a relationship with someone I loved as much as I had loved Pauline? I got up to throw my empty into the trash and I noticed the clock. It was almost midnight and in that moment I knew what I was going to do, at least in the short term. 

 I showered, shaved and was leaving the bedroom when Pauline stuck her head out of the spare bedroom, "I heard the shower. Are you going out?" 

 "Yes." 

 "At this time of night?" 

 "I'm going to see if that redhead has any interest in playing. Since I got accused of it and got punished for it I going to go and see if I might get a chance to see what I missed." 

 Pauline got an anguished look on her face, "Please don't. Please honey, we can work this out, please don't do this to me." 

 "Don't do this to you? What about what you did to me? It's all right for you to go out, pick up some black guy and then fuck him all night and most of the next day, but I shouldn't do anything like that?" 

 "Please honey, I made a mistake - a very big mistake, but we can work through this, I know we can."" 

 "I don't think we can Pauline. If you had done it in a motel and then come home late we might have had a chance. He could have fucked you all night and I would never have known for sure what you did, but you brought him home and made so much noise that I had to notice. I can't forgive you for that. I can't forgive you for bringing him into my house and fucking him so I could hear it. I can't forgive you for giving him your ass after telling me for five years that I couldn't have it because it was such a disgusting, filthy think to do. But mostly I doubt that I could ever forget how much you had to hate me to do those things to me. Look on the bright side, Leroy seemed to like fucking you and you seemed to be happy enough with him buried in your ass, give him a call, maybe he'll invite you over. Now if you will excuse me I need to hurry and get to the strip joint before it closes so I can see if the redhead might be interested in playing with me." 

 I turned and walked away and as I was going down the steps Pauline was crying, "Please don't. Please don't do this to us" but I was already thinking of Tiffany's magnificent tits, ass and her gorgeous face and I wondered just how long I could afford to play with her. Report_Story 