#1 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed ****** bydawn1958© Please email me with your comments and suggestions. This is a repost of a story I wrote for a reader who sent me some fantasies. I hope this erotic tale does justice to her fantasy and that other readers enjoy the story. 

 

 

 KERRI IS BLACKMAILED 

 At 28, Kerri was satisfied with her life and she valued the fact that she was single. Her job as a professor at the college was a reward for five years of hard work and the faculty considered her a valuable team member. She was in the third year of teaching physics and fit in very nicely even though most of the others in her department were males. Physics was not the usual subject for a woman to teach, but Kerri seemed to have an aptitude for teaching the difficult subject. 

 The students, many of them male, liked Kerri as a teacher because she was a bombshell to look at. That fact always perked the interest of the majority of the boys in her classes and there wasn't one who wouldn't give anything for a night alone with her. 

 She was 5'5" with long, blonde hair and her body proportions were the envy of all the girls. Kerri dressed very conservatively and tried to hide her sexy body, as she was tired of getting so many suggestive remarks about her looks. Normally a very shy person, she did not go out that much and devoted much of her free time to the college in an effort to improve her lesson plans. 

 The suits Kerri wore to school made her look the totally professional type and whenever she wore a skirt, it was knee length so she wouldn't show much leg. Blouses were conservative and she never went without a bra to hide her big breasts. Kerri's boobs were probably her best feature. There was no sag at all and the nipples became very obvious when they got hard, which made her very attentive to the unwanted trait. Very early on Kerri realized her nipples became erect for no reason so she made sure to wear bras that would hide the pronounced buds whenever she was at work. 

 The thick framed glasses were an integral part of her attire and gave Kerri the absolute perfect facade as a teacher. The boys drooled over her looks and appearance and they never got tired of taking Kerri's classes. 

 Now in the second week of a new year, Kerri was truly content and happy with the semester. Arriving early as usual, she unlocked her room and started to prepare for the day. Kerri was a neat freak and made sure things were prepared for her classes, which made them run smoothly. That particular morning she noticed a note on her desk and wondered where it came from. 

 Picking up the piece of paper, Kerri began to read her destiny. 'You don't know who I am and you will never find out. I have some very incriminating pictures and tapes that you will not want seen by anyone, especially the faculty. Later, I will explain to you how things will work and what you will do for me. If you do as I request, no one will ever find out about the evidence. If you do not, then I will give all the pictures and tapes to the school board, your family and also put them on an adult Internet site for all to see.' 

 Kerri read and sat very still because she was so stunned. 'I am giving you a day to digest the news and to ponder what is going to happen. I will not disclose who I am. You will simply have to wonder who is blackmailing you.' 

 Her heart started beating faster and her mind raced into her past. It took mere seconds for Kerri to remember the one careless time that would certainly haunt her forever. That was during spring break four years ago when she went to Florida with a couple of her girlfriends. While there, they ran into some good- looking guys who were doing a shoot for girls gone wild, or so they said. Kerri and her two friends were convinced to let the guys take some video of them and one thing led to another until eventually everyone wound up naked. 

 It was the one time in her life that Kerri let her hair down and did some crazy things. She had to admit that it was fun and the most exciting time of her life, living on the dark side for once. Kerri shuddered when she remembered taking off her clothes and letting Dave, if that was his real name, shoot various shots of her after her girlfriends had departed. Then the vivid flashback of him fucking her on the floor filled her mind. She had lost all inhibitions that night and let a total stranger do things to her that no other man had done. 

 Kerri grimaced and reassured herself that the man had surely not setup his camera to catch those lewd scenes of her acting like a cheap slut. Then she looked back at the note to see if she could gain any more information on who had written it. The message was signed 'Sky', but that name didn't ring a bell. Looking up, she glanced over the classroom seats and imagined the students in her class. In her mind, Kerri considered every student and wondered if any of them could be guilty of playing such a prank. None of the students drew any suspicion and she couldn't think of anyone who would want to blackmail her. 

 With the identity of the person a mystery, she wondered if they actually had any incriminating evident to use against her. Kerri was fairly confident that she could overcome the threat and persuade the blackmailer that their plan wouldn't work. She reread the note again to see if she had missed anything. Once she reached the last line, her stomach churned in great anticipation of what might happen. 'I will give you the pictures tomorrow afternoon and after that you'll be mine!' 

 The statement sounded fairly convincing and Kerri reasoned the person must be pretty certain that the blackmail would work. She slipped the note into her purse and watched with interest as the students began coming into the classroom. None of them looked at her any differently than normal and she was no closer to the truth by the end of class. Every time she made eye contact with a boy, she asked herself if he was the blackmailer? 

 The suspense started getting to her and Kerri became extremely anxious, as the day progressed. When the final bell rang at the end of last class, Kerri was very relieved. She remained quite confident that she could explain any pictures or evidence that the person had and the supposed blackmail would blow over without too much trouble. 

 *** 

 Kerri tried her best to forget the dilemma bothering her. She had a relaxing evening at home and tried hard not to fret too much over her little problem. The constant reminders were a severe knot in her stomach that wouldn't go away and the consumption of a full bottle of wine to dull her memory didn't help; plus the fact she barely slept all night. Kerri actually felt somewhat optimistic when she got up in the morning and left for work, but her confidence started waning, as the day progressed and she grew more and more apprehensive. 

 Kerri recalled that the note stated she would receive pictures in the afternoon. She paid special attention to all of her students in case one of them showed a hint that they were the blackmailer. At 2 o'clock during the break after the first afternoon class, the secretary from the office came to Kerri's classroom and handed her an envelope with her name on it. Kerri quickly grabbed it from the lady and then blushed, as she wondered if her reaction was too deliberate. 

 Returning to her desk, she slowly opened the envelope. Her heart pumped a little faster when she withdrew a note and read it. 'You will find a manila envelope in the top drawer of your desk and in it you will see that I do have incriminating pictures of you. This is just a sample, as I also have a complete movie of your shameless actions in Florida,' she read and suddenly Kerri recalled the episode from the Florida Spring Break. 

 The students were still making their way back to the classroom and it gave her time to check the drawer. Sliding it open, the dreaded package was right on top. Kerri reached into the drawer and her hands literally vibrated when she grasped the envelope. The seal was easy to break and she held the top open wide enough to see the top picture. 

 Kerri knew she was in deep trouble. It was as if someone punched her in the gut when she stared into the open envelope and at a picture of herself fully nude and spread out like a common floozy. Being naked was bad, but the worst part was her clearly visible face, which appeared etched with an uncommon desire or lust. Then she took a closer look at her body. Her legs were spread apart and her fingers were positioned on either side of her exposed pussy and pulling the lips completely open for the camera. 

 There was another small note attached to the picture and she pulled it out. 'These are some of the better pictures of you in action, but by no means are they all that I have. The movie is even better and when you get home tonight, please read your email,' she read. Kerri was shaking so badly that one of the students abruptly appeared at her desk and asked if anything was wrong. 

 Kerri was positive her face turned bright red from embarrassment. She quickly reassured the student that nothing was wrong and everything was okay. Stuffing the envelope back into the drawer, Kerri struggled to get through the rest of the day without getting sick. She could hardly wait to get out of the college and scurried out to the parking lot with her belongings and the frightening envelope immediately after last class. Her anxiety increased on the drive home and her heart raced a mile a minute by the time she got into the house. 

 *** 

 Sky smiled with great satisfaction when he watched his counterpart leave the college and head for home. This was his first year, as teacher at the school, and the one woman he dreamed about for years didn't even remember him. Sky was utterly dismayed when he was introduced during his first faculty meeting and Kerri didn't recognize him. He readily agreed that he was a nerdy type in high school, but surely one of his fellow students should have remembered who he was. 

 Sky found the incident very crushing and he vowed to get even with the gorgeous young woman if it was the last thing he did. He never considered that there might be a very good reason a popular girl like Kerri would not remember him. Tim, or Sky as he was called on all Internet sites, was extremely computer savvy, but he lacked logic or common sense. He was two years younger than Kerri, which put him out of her circle of close friends in high school, and they had absolutely nothing in common at the time. 

 Tim had been on spring break in Florida the same time as Kerri. It was plain luck that he stumbled on the movie about lust-filled college girls and Tim paid dearly for the original copy after he found out who was in it. Since then he had produced many short movie clips as well as erotic pictures of the woman he obsessed over. Tim dreamed about Kerri all of the time and he imagined her being totally infatuated with him. 

 After the faculty meeting, Tim was heartbroken because the woman of his dreams didn't even remember his name. His dilemma got worse when the director scheduled him to sit in on all of Kerri's classes to gain valuable experience before actually getting a class of his own. His obsession for the woman of his dreams grew and at the same time he planned ways of humiliating Kerri and getting even. 

 Jim tried to see Kerri every chance he got. He never really considered it being perverted, but he often went to Kerri's place and secretly took pictures of her. Having to sit all day in her classes was good in one way yet he found it extremely hard not to think about her rather than the actual class subject. That normally resulted in him rushing home after classes and masturbating like a crazed man who needed sex in the worst way. To say Jim was obsessed with Kerri was most likely a gross understatement. 

 Tim, or Sky, really wasn't sure how far he was willing to pursue his revenge, but knew he wanted to make Kerri suffer to some degree. The thought of having such an adorable woman submit or succumb to his every whim was rapidly growing into a fixation. Tim schemed to make Kerri do things she would never do and to wear apparel she would never wear in public. 

 Tim felt slighted by what he considered Kerri's superior attitude. Additionally, he knew she came from a better background than himself. She was already a valued teacher at the college and he was envious of her accomplishments. After her admission that she didn't remember him, Tim was smart enough to know Kerri wasn't going to date him or even be his close friend. Rejected by an attractive, desirable woman wasn't new to him, but this time he vowed to let Kerri know he was smarter than she was. He thought a plan of using blackmail to get control over his dream woman was truly ingenious. 

 *** 

 Kerri sat down on the sofa and quickly opened the envelope to see what was actually in the pictures. Thumbing through the many pics, each image brought a sigh of despair to her fading optimism. The first few showed her alone in a different state of disrobing. Then she gasped when the next couple showed her in the arms of one of her girlfriends. "No," Kerri whispered, "nothing happened. It was just a pose for the camera." 

 She stared at one of the pictures, as it didn't look like a simple pose. Sally, the other girl in the picture, had pinched one of Kerri's extended nipples and the big smile on Kerri's face told it all. She quickly shuffled to the next pic and it was a vivid image of Sally sucking on one of Kerri's hardened nipples. What made the memory worse for her was the knowledge of being filled with desire at the time. The last thing in the world Kerri imagined would happen during the supposed playful episode actually happened. 

 Kerri closed her eyes, as her mind went back to spring break. Before the Florida vacation, she was very naïve and inexperienced when it came to sex. One of the reasons she agreed to go with her girlfriends was because they were very popular girls in college. They talked all of the time about having sexual relations with boyfriends and bragged about being such great lovers. When the guys shooting the movie encouraged Sally to do more and really get involved with her sexy girlfriend, Sally literally seduced her naïve friend. 

 Kerri started crying and she could hardly hold the pictures steady. She went from partially clothed to completely naked in a series of images. In one she was standing with her back severely arched and Sally had a swollen nipple between her teeth. Kerri vividly remembered having the strongest desire to go all the way with Sally, but somehow she survived the girl's molestation with only a few spasms and a trickle of juices running out of her belly. 

 When Kerri pulled out the next picture, her heart stopped. There she was in splendid color with Dave and she foolishly tried to recall if that was really his name. She thumbed to another picture and then started sobbing, as her eyes filled with tears. It showed a seductive woman on hands and knees with a naked man mounting her from behind. She turned to the next picture and it only got worse, as it showed Dave's big cock half buried in her slit. "No, this just can't be," Kerri whispered out loud, but the evidence was more than enough proof. "No, no, no." 

 Suddenly Kerri remembered the other note and what it said. She jumped up and rushed to her computer, as she quickly logged on. There were five new emails, but one caught her attention immediately. She read the subject in disbelief, 'A Movie4U'. Reluctantly she clicked on the mail and opened it. A brief note said that a short one-minute movie clip was attached for her viewing pleasure. It went on to say that if Kerri wanted the rest of the movie, she would have to obey all of Sky's demands to a tee. 

 With a slow and deliberate move of the mouse, Kerri clicked to open the movie. The erotic scenes filled the screen and she sat with her mouth agape, not believing what she was watching. Unable to breathe, Kerri was captivated when her naked body appeared on the screen. She was on all fours in front of a guy who was also naked as a jaybird. The worst fears of her life came true, as the movie was taken during that dreadful time during spring break when she unexpectedly did things she had never done before. 

 Kerri stared at the lewd dramatization. Her big breasts hung down below her chest and she watched the man aim his illustrious cock at her vulnerable crotch. Kerri could almost feel the meat spread her pussy lips and push into her heated volcano. Then her back arched severely and the cry of lust was unmistakable to her ears, as the sound roared out of the computer speakers. Her tits swayed seductively when the man pulled and pushed her body back and forth, as he administered a fucking of a lifetime. 

 The movie clip would leave nothing to the imagination and any viewer would certainly think she was a willing participant. Kerri shuddered when she remembered that time in her life when her body came alive. Yes, she had wanted it to happen that night, as it was the one time that she decided to take a chance. Kerri had listened to tales from other girls about their sexual adventures and she was envious because she was so inexperienced. She decided to experience sexual desire just once while she was far away from home and nobody would know. 

 The memory of that fateful night kept flashing through her mind. Kerri recalled how much she enjoyed the passionate embraces and the immoral sex. When Dave fucked her the first time, she climaxed so fast and hard that she almost fainted. Never in her life had she achieved multiple orgasms, but on that night Dave made her climax three times. The night was one to remember yet she never thought it would turn out like this. 

 The clip finally finished and she sat motionless for a few seconds trying to think of what to do next. Her eyes were filled with tears and she didn't notice the short note at the end of the horrible email. 'You will start obeying my demands tomorrow. I've adored that beautiful red blouse you wear on occasion, but not the cleavage cover or modesty panel that you always wear underneath,' she read, as she tried to keep the words in focus. 'Tomorrow you will wear the blouse, but nothing else to cover your gorgeous cleavage!' 

 She wanted to cry. How did this guy find out about her one and only reckless adventure, she wondered? OMG, she thought, what will he do next? Kerri vowed to be strong and fight the unknown blackmailer; then she questioned her reasoning. If she didn't do exactly what Sky demanded, her job and her untarnished reputation would be ruined. She shivered at the thought of obeying the email demand, as she never felt comfortable wearing revealing clothes and especially tops that exposed too much cleavage. 

 Kerri slowly eliminated every man she knew from a short list of possible blackmailers. She found it extremely frustrating because she didn't know who Sky was and it was impossible to plead her case to a mystery man. 

 *** 

 That night Kerri cried herself to sleep. She felt much better in the morning and decided to look at the bright side. Remaining positive was imperative if she was going to rectify the situation. She reasoned that a calm and direct approach would convince Sky to stop and not carry out his vile threats. When she finally got dressed, all of her confidence and optimism disappeared, as she stared at her reflection in the bathroom mirror. 

 Kerri loved wearing the designer blouse despite the garment having a plunging neckline. She had several lacy modesty panels to cover her cleavage so it never bothered her to wear such a sexy top. When Kerri noticed a big portion of her breasts showing, she tried to adjust the swooping front to cover more, but the attempt at modesty seemed futile, as nothing hid the bare skin for long. She shrugged her shoulders in defiance and vowed to not let the unpleasant demand ruin her day. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed ****** bydawn1958© The drive to work was uneventful and she arrived at the college in good spirits. She went immediately to her homeroom and found a small package lying on the floor when she opened the door. Kerri noticed her name plainly printed on the front. She slowly picked it up but was reluctant to actually open the package. Moving to her desk, she sat and gingerly unwrapped the fancy looking box. It turned out to be a small case from a noted jeweler in the city and inside were two dainty, gold rings. 

 Kerri noticed a tiny note taped to the box. 'Today is the first day of the rest of your life so don't disappoint me,' she read. 'I really don't want to show people your pictures and movies, so I hope you wore that beautiful red blouse today.' 

 She stared at the note and then her eyes lowered. When Kerri noticed the abundant cleavage, she quickly returned to the note. 'You will take these rings to Lu's Tattoo and Piercing and Lu will pierce your nipples.' Kerri was shocked beyond belief, but she kept reading. 'You have an appointment at 3:30 this afternoon so don't be late.' 

 She quickly closed the jewelry case and stuffed it in her desk drawer. Kerri vowed not to follow the awful directions and she tried to immerse herself into her daily routine. Every once in a while or during a quiet moment, she would glance at the closed desk drawer and imagine the golden rings. Near the end of the day, she actually took another look. She sat at her desk and secretly opened the case and the ominous rings were still there. 

 Then Kerri felt strange sensations flowing through her body and her nipples started tingling. She glanced down at her chest and the image of golden rings on her nipples only intensified the sensations. How would he ever know? Sky, or whatever his name was, would never know if she obeyed or not. No, she concluded, she was not going to get pierced and carry out the perverted demand. 

 Kerri fretted and worried all day. At first she noticed some of the students staring and even ogling her, but eventually got used to the uncomfortable attire and didn't let the voyeurism bother her too much. By early afternoon, the blatant ogling was the least of her troubles, as the appointment time drew near. When the last class of the day ended, Kerri decided to fight the piercing demand. She practically ran out to her car and drove faster than usual to get to the safety of home. 

 Kerri couldn't fathom any way she could do such a thing and get her nipples pierced. She reasoned that somehow she had to convince Sky to end his distressing blackmail. 

 *** 

 The next morning a note was waiting for her under the door of her homeroom. Looking around to see if anyone was watching, she bent over and picked up the small envelope. Closing the door so she could be alone, she opened the message. 'That was not a smart thing to do, as it cost me sixty bucks for the appointment you missed,' she read. 'This will be the last time you disobey me and to show you I mean business, you will be getting a call from your parents.' 

 Kerri shivered, as she read the frightening words. She stared at the note and tried to figure out what it meant, but the threat of receiving a phone call made her increasingly worried. The day seemed like the longest of her life and she kept fretting about the man's threat until she got home that night. Her fears were realized shortly after supper when her mother called. After a short recap of the past few days, her mother hit Kerri with a jolt. "Dear, we received a picture in the mailbox today," she stated. 

 The words hung in the air and Kerri had trouble breathing. "Huuummm, yes," she mumbled. 

 "We... I just didn't know what to do," her mother said and paused again. 

 "Huuummm." 

 "Dear... it was you... naked... a picture of you. You're not wearing anything... anything at all." 

 "Ooohhh, noooo." 

 "Can you tell me... why a naked picture? What is going on?" The words rang like a deathblow to Kerri. There was a pause on the other end of the line and then her mother continued. "What does this mean, Kerri?" 

 Kerri thought fast and furiously to come up with a good answer. "That was taken by my last boyfriend and he is blackmailing me because he wants us to get back together," she said. "I'm sorry that it came to this... I will do my best to get him to stop immediately." 

 Her explanation seemed to satisfy her mother, as there was a long sigh of relief in the earpiece. "I won't show the picture to your father. He would certainly blow a gasket if he saw his only daughter posing in the nude," her mother declared. "Please talk to that boyfriend and make sure he doesn't do this again." 

 The rest of her mother's call was friendly and both women tried to forget the picture. Kerri was thankful only one was sent to her parents and that the picture was only of her. She reasoned it could have been much worse and breathed a big sigh of relief. 

 The remainder of the night was restless and Kerri felt quite tired when she arrived at school the next day. As was the usual for the past few days, Kerri found a note under her classroom door. It was short and to the point. 'Lu's at 3:30 today!' 

 Kerri knew what Sky meant and the butterflies filled her stomach. All of a sudden she realized that today she would have her nipples pierced, much against her will. There was just no way out, as she didn't want her parents to receive any more pictures. Besides, Kerri reasoned, she would surely lose her job if the Dean or faculty ever saw the evidence. Try as she might, she could not figure out who was behind this evil deed. 

 Precisely at 3:30, Kerri arrived at the parlor and reluctantly entered the place. The short thin, Asian man introduced himself. "I Lu... you Kerri. Sorry you have accident yesterday. Come, we go back room. You bring rings for nipples," he asked and abruptly proceeded to the rear of the parlor before she could answer. 

 Franticly Kerri looked around for someone to help her, but there was no one. She followed Lu and found herself in a back room where the work would be performed. Kerri noticed a reclining chair and Lu motioned for her to sit. She reluctantly did as the man requested and then he adjusted the chair into a reclined position. "You have rings?" he asked again and Kerri took them out of her pocket with shaking hands. "Ah, very nice," he stated and set them on a shiny silver tray, which was attached to the arm of the chair. 

 "You take off?" he motioned to her jacket and meant for Kerri to remove the jacket and blouse. A few seconds passed before Kerri did as he requested and then she sat motionless in the chair, wearing only a fancy lace bra. When the man glared at her, Kerri read his eyes and expression, knowing what he wanted. She reached for the last bit of dignity and slowly undid the clasp, letting the lacy garment fall into her lap. 

 The cool air performed magic on her exposed nipples and her buds stood out proudly for Lu to ogle. Kerri merely hoped the hardness was from the cold air and not from some inner perverted desire. A big smile crossed his youthful looking face and he stared at her nudity. "Very nice... they perfect for rings," he said. Then he went to work at his worktable and Kerri lay back, closing her eyes in an attempt to shut out the worsening situation. She jumped and almost sat up when his cold fingers touched her tender nipple. "So sorry... cold fingers," Lu said, as he apologized and blew on his hands as if warming them up. 

 Again he went to work and this time Kerri did her best to ignore what he was doing. Being in a brightly lit tattoo parlor with her bare chest exposed to the world was the last place one would expect to find a refined woman like Kerri. Lu did his best to hide his excitement, as he worked on the gorgeous tits. They were absolutely perfect. The boobs were big and very luscious with large pronounced nipples that Lu made sure remained erect. 

 Sky told Lu that his girlfriend wanted to get her nipples pierced for a long time, but she was always too afraid. Lu assured the boyfriend that he was very experienced, as he had pierced many women over the years. Sky also mentioned that there would be future appointments because his girlfriend wanted other parts of her body pierced, which Lu was thrilled to hear. 

 Kerri's nipples burned and throbbed from what Lu was doing, as he sterilized and readied them, and she fought to remain as calm as possible. Lu started with her left bud, holding it deftly with the forefinger and thumb of his left hand. He pulled, then twisted and then caressed the nipple until it was fully extended. Kerri was embarrassed at how large and swollen her nipple grew from the man's vulgar touch, but she was mortified when familiar sensations swelled up in her guts. 

 Just as waves of pleasure caused her nipple to throb, Lu shot his needle through her precious bud. The change from extreme gratification to extreme pain was instant. She gasped, groaned, and then moaned out loud. A gold ring penetrated and enslaved her left nipple and Lu was toying with his latest accomplishment, as he twisted and pulled on the trinket to keep the nipple fully extended. 

 After some time, Kerri was able to watch Lu work and was totally amazed when he inserted the second ring into her right nipple. She glanced from one to the other and the rings did make her nips look different, but strangely very alluring. When Lu applied the antiseptic, Kerri thought her nipples would explode. She could not remember them being so hard and the throbbing was a combination of excitement and pain. 

 Lu prolonged the job as long as possible because he enjoyed every caress of the lovely buds. He felt a pang of sadness when Kerri abruptly swung her legs off the chair and sat up. Quickly she donned her bra and the rest of her clothes, as she wanted to get out of the parlor prison, as fast as she could. 

 Without sounding too naive or stupid, Kerri inquired to see what she could find out about her blackmailer from Lu. All she could ascertain was that her supposed boyfriend's name was Sky and he setup and paid for the appointment days ago. As far as she could tell, Lu had never met Sky because he had the payment delivered by courier and they only talked over the phone. Kerry was no further ahead in solving the puzzle even after quizzing the Chinese tattoo artist. 

 Once Kerri got into her car, she slumped over the steering wheel in total exhaustion. She tried to quell her throbbing nipples and it took all of her resolve to not become hysterical. Nothing so traumatic had ever happened in her sheltered life and suddenly she was at wits end trying to cope. Eventually the burning subsided slightly and she took the fastest way home. 

 *** 

 When Kerri woke in the morning, the first thing she did was reach for a tender bud. First she caressed one and then the other. They did hurt a little, but nothing that she could not tolerate. She got out of bed and went straight to the vanity mirror where the sight of her pierced nipples caused her tummy to quiver. For some strange reason, the golden rings hanging from her hard nipples looked overpowering. Her fingers caressed one abused bud and her body rocked with immediate passion. 

 Kerri quickly stopped touching her breasts and diverted her eyes, as she realized the sight would inevitably make her do something she might regret. She deliberately got ready for work and kept dreading getting to work and finding another note under her door. The entire morning was a blur until she walked up to the empty classroom. When she slowly opened the door, her heart stopped when she peeked inside at the one thing she didn't want to see. She reluctantly bent over and picked up the note knowing it was going to be another day of agony ahead. 

 Inside the small envelope was another golden ring and a short explicit demand. 'You have an appointment with Lu at 3:30 again today!' Kerri looked at the ring with a blank stare. She wondered what Sky had planned this time and it was probably a good thing she didn't know. Had she known, Kerri would surely have chickened out. 

 The day seemed to drag and it was with relief when the final bell sounded. Gathering her books and papers, Kerri left for the 3:30 appointment. Arriving at Lu's, she entered to find him sitting at the front desk with a big smile as usual. He welcomed her and like a cat rose to lock the front door and then head for the back room. Kerri followed and without being told, she sat on the edge of the chair, which was fully reclined. 

 Lu spoke to her and she just looked at him with a blank stare. "Pardon," Kerri asked, as she could not believe what she had just heard. She shook her head and tried to comprehend what the man was saying. 

 "Take off skirt... lay down," Lu repeated. "You have ring for clitoris," he asked and Kerri almost fainted. 

 She was distraught and kept thinking that she was in some kind of dreamland. This just can't be happening, Kerri reasoned. Her breathing came in short, quick gasps and she was unable to think of any way out of the tormenting situation. Lu looked at her and gave an impatient wave of his hand. Kerri's hands slowly went to her waist and began loosening her clothes. First she removed the skirt and then the sheer nylons, which left her wearing only a fancy pair of silk panties. 

 Once again Lu's little heart did a few skips when Kerri exposed herself. He wanted to rip the panties off her shapely hips, but managed to wait. The anticipation was agony, as he waited until Kerri finally reached for the elastic waistband. Lu's heart pounded and he would surely have passed out if she took any longer. With a slow reluctant push, Kerri slid her dignity off her shapely hips and down her slender legs until she stood almost naked before the strange man. 

 Kerri's face instantly turned crimson and the blush ran down her entire body. Stripping for a stranger was the most humiliating thing she had ever done. She stared at Lu and noticed the happiest grin on the man's face, as he spoke. "Now we shave," he said and indicated he wanted her to lay down on the recliner. When Lu received directions for the impending piercing, he was utterly thrilled that Sky gave him permission to do whatever he wanted to his girlfriend. 

 Kerri wasn't sure she heard him properly. "Shave? What... shave," she asked? 

 Lu merely repeated his request. "Now we shave. We shave so you no get infection," he said and waited. 

 Kerri delayed as long as possible, but then she noticed Lu getting perturbed. With a shrug of her shoulders, she got into position and her body literally vibrated when she lay on her back. She glanced down the front of her body at the look of lust on Lu's face, as he devoured her exposed flesh. Lu quickly took control. He rotated to the foot of the chair and moved between her feet, forcing her legs apart. Then he lightly slapped the insides of her thighs and ordered her to spread her legs so he could shave her pelvis. 

 A sob raked her young body, as Lu took control. She spread her legs and gave the man complete access to her womanly body. Her head was swimming in confusion and Kerri couldn't think of any way to prevent her clit being pierced by the vile Chinaman. Suddenly Lu reached for the tray that held the shaving materials and he leaned forward to begin the pleasant task. The sparse blonde hair did nothing to hide the immense beauty of Kerri's pussy and Lu could easily make out the puffy lips. 

 Kerri was fully exposed and vulnerable and she had no choice if she wanted to keep her past a secret. Her eyes opened wide when Lu squirted shaving lotion into the palm of his hand and then slowly applied the cream to her pubic region. He covered the pussy hair and ensured every inch of her pelvis was coated with cream. The grin on Lu's face broadened when he noticed her body jerk and twitch every time he swiped his fingers through the slippery lotion. 

 Lu wiped the excess off his hand and picked up the razor. When the cool metal touched her skin, Kerri flinched wildly, which resulted in a stern warning from Lu. "You no move... me cut," he said with a serious expression on his face. Then he made the first swipe across the heated flesh. A cleanly shaven strip appeared from the top of her bush to the tip of her pussy slit. Kerri stared in utter shock, as her blonde curly locks quickly disappeared, and she wondered if this part was even necessary. 

 Kerri remained perfectly still because she didn't want to disobey the man. It took a scant minute or two for her skin to turn pink from the shaver and Lu quickly had all of the lotion and hair removed from above her crotch. Kerri opened her mouth to protest, but nothing came out. She noticed the grin on Lu's face widen, as he zeroed in on the area between the slender thighs. He purposely wiped most of the cream off with his fingers and stared at the gorgeous pussy lips. Then very carefully and slowly, Lu shaved the entire crotch so he wouldn't cut the prized flesh. 

 Kerri couldn't watch and looked up at the ceiling, as Lu continued. Sobs raked her body and she lay back to let him degrade her even more. Her pussy lips quickly turned red and puffy from the irritation and Lu nonchalantly patted the tender area as if to say, 'a job well done'. Then he reached for the sterilizing cream and rubbed it over Kerri's crotch and pelvis, which was actually very soothing. 

 A wide smile crossed Lu's face, as he realized Kerri wasn't going to stop him. He brazenly swiped his fingers along the entire labia and ensured his forefinger dipped into the vast wetness. Lu purposely brushed over the wet lips and then he spied the tiny tip of Kerri's clit. He coated his fingers with more ointment and shrewdly wiped the juices through the pink slit. Her hips jerked and jumped when he touched the clitty and Lu didn't stop until he was ready. 

 Lu giggled at Kerri's reaction and vowed to take his sweet time. He wanted to cherish having control of the sexiest woman and all of a sudden he was filled with confidence. 

 Kerri couldn't believe what was happening to her. She felt a little faint and very unsure of how to prevent being controlled by the sly tattoo artist. She was normally master of her destiny, but that seemed to be changing. Again Lu's finger swiped across her sensitive pussy lips and she flinched. Kerri tilted her head up and glanced downward. She witnessed Lu spreading her essence and sobbed with the knowledge that she was not going to stop him. 

 It seemed like everything happened in slow motion. Kerri watched him spread the swollen pussy lips apart to expose the ultimate jewel. "Here, I show where ring go," Lu whispered. Abruptly he opened the hood of her vulva exposing the clitoris and the vulnerable nub stood out proudly. Lu deliberately flicked the tip and knew Kerri would not resist his brazen assault. He noticed her shut her eyes tight and heard her breathing become a little ragged, as he boldly caressed the throbbing clit without her permission. 

 As Lu predicted, Kerri sat still and allowed his fingers to inflame the most sensitive bud. Suddenly she felt that familiar stirring deep inside her loins and her mind went crazy. Kerri withdrew and prayed for strength. "No, no, no, please no." She knew the feeling and immediately her mind filled with guilt when a powerful spasm shot through her body. 'No, no, I won't,' she thought, determined not to let the orgasm lose. 

 For some unknown reason the degrading and disgusting things that Lu was doing to her were having an adverse affect. Fire swept through her inner region and the image of her newly shaved pussy fueled her lust. Kerri squeezed her eyes shut with all of her might and she waited for the intense desire to subside. The darkness felt good and she tried to quell the rising emotions. 

 Kerri knew the man was taking liberties that were not necessary yet her protest was far too feeble. "No, no, please don't," she pleaded, but remained still with her legs spread. "Please don't." She wanted to escape but was unsure of the serious ramifications if she didn't follow Sky's demand. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed ****** bydawn1958© Lu stared at the wetness. His damning fingers pulled the clit so hard that Kerri let out a big gasp of air when he pinched the bud between his fingertips. Then he twirled the clitty around and around so fast that it filled the room with a lewd swishing sound. All of the willpower in the world could not stop the volcanic eruption and the juices flowed like molten lava. Lu hadn't witnessed anything so erotic in all his years of doing tattoos and piercings as the honey soaked his fingers. 

 His heart beat fast and he had to steady himself so he could move onto the next stage. Lu sterilized the gold ring and it glistened when he held it up for Kerri to see. "This very pretty on clit," he explained and set the ring on a metal tray. 

 Kerri watched in horror when Lu put a clamp on her puffy lips and held them apart so he could do the piercing. He tried to ask where she wanted the ring, but Kerri couldn't comprehend what he meant. She merely shrugged her shoulders and Lu took her gesture as an okay to proceed. His skilled fingers held the winged clitoris out from her crotch and then he used his thumb and forefinger to position the clit at the perfect angle. 

 The actual piercing was completed in just a couple of minutes and Lu was sad when it was over. Kerri's cunt looked absolutely irresistible with the shinny ring half exposed outside of the reddened pussy lips. Lu reassured himself that Sky would be very happy with this one and the piercing was definitely worth the 100 bucks he paid. 

 Kerri breathed the biggest sigh of relief. Like she did during the earlier piercing, she tried to gain some information about Sky. The attempt was in vain because Lu just didn't know any more than he had already told her. She left the parlor a defeated woman and welcomed the comfort of being alone at last. The drive home was a complete daze, as Kerri's mind pondered the predicament she had somehow gotten herself into. She went straight to bed when she got home and didn't wake up till about 5 in the morning. 

 Thankfully it was a weekend and Kerri stayed inside to get as much relaxation as possible. Every time her mind wondered to the golden rings, she willed herself to think about something else. By Sunday evening the tenderness in her crotch had disappeared, but there remained a new sensation in her pussy whenever she walked or moved around. Kerri was a little mystified by the realization that her nipples seemed hard most of the time and she hoped the newness of her recent piercing would not have lingering effects. 

 *** 

 Sky was extremely happy with the way his blackmail scheme was going. He found it very easy to fool Kerri, as she was naïve about deception and deceit. Fully satisfied that his plan was foolproof, he schemed to take things a step further. His next demand would humiliate Kerri like no other and Sky felt a growing excitement fill his perverted mind. 

 Watching Kerri scan all of her students made Sky giggle, as she tried to imagine who was sending her the notes. She sat by herself in the lunchroom and studied everyone to see if anyone looked suspicious. Sky enjoyed teasing her about being preoccupied and he watched to see if she would give any indication of having pierced nipples. Knowing about Kerri's piercings and watching her every day in class drove him to new heights of arousal and Sky masturbated almost every night just dreaming of her sexy body. 

 Monday morning started off well and Kerri ran her classes without any hitches. She immersed herself in the classroom and the day seemed to fly by, which made her very happy. She breathed a big sigh when the bell rang to signal the end of the day and she grabbed her coat and books to leave. Kerri reached into her coat pocket and she froze when her hand felt a folded piece of paper. She slowly pulled her hand out and opened the note to find another message from her phantom blackmailer. 

 'The piercing went extremely well. Now it is time to show them off,' she read and her heart skipped a beat just thinking of the dire suggestion. 'I have chosen your new intern, Jim, as the lucky man to taste your sweet delights. Jim is innocent and very safe.' 

 Kerri sobbed in fear, as she stared at the piece of paper. 'You will take Jim to your place and seduce him,' she read, as the words blurred because of her tear-filled eyes. 'I will check with Jim afterward to make sure you have been a good girl. If you are, I won't release any further pictures.' 

 Kerri realized all hope was lost and she finished reading. 'I want this done tomorrow evening and I will leave it up to you to find a way to get Jim to your place.' Her hands trembled, as she crumpled the note and returned it to her pocket. She hurriedly left the college and drove home in a quandary, crying out loud when she rushed into the house. The door slammed behind her and she wondered why such a terrible thing was happening to her. 

 The night was the longest of her life and she found it impossible to get any sleep. Why Jim? He was probably the most reclusive guy in the school and he certainly looked like a loner. Kerri wondered if he was the blackmailer? Then she quickly dismissed the silly idea because Jim was far too passive and definitely not smart enough to blackmail anyone, especially someone as intelligent as her. 

 All the next morning in class, Kerri tried to think of a reason to ask Jim to her place after school. Seeing him sitting quietly at the back of each class gave her a constant reminder and finally she thought of a logical way. He was having some trouble making lesson plans for current flow and charged ions so she offered to give him some extra tutelage on that section. After the first afternoon class, Kerri asked Jim to come up front for a minute. "I have some free time tonight and don't mind helping you with your lesson plans... with current and ions," she offered and didn't dare look him directly in the eye. 

 Jim was silent for a few seconds but then found his voice. "Aaah, it's okay. You don't have to," he replied. 

 Kerri realized Jim was extremely shy and she would have to take charge if it was going to happen. "I really don't mind... I'm totally free tonight. It is easier to do it at my place and I insist. I'll drive you there right after school," she said and didn't wait for an answer. She closed the book she had in front of her and stood up to do some work on the chalkboard. 

 *** 

 Jim was on pins and needles until the end of the day. He waited for Kerri after class and met her at the school's backdoor. "You really don't have to do this, as I can figure it out," he stated, as Kerri headed towards the parking lot. 

 Kerri wondered if the poor guy had ever been with a girl and she was extremely embarrassed by what she was forced to do with such an innocent, naïve young man. "No, I really want to... I'm only too glad to help a fellow teacher," she said and led the way to her car. 

 Jim took the opportunity to watch her ass sway, as she walked, and felt an instant pang in his crotch just thinking of the hot, sexy teacher. He had fantasized so many nights of seeing Kerri naked and making her his very own fuck. Watching her seductive body simply fueled his boyish mind and he got hornier and hornier all the way to the car. 

 They drove to Kerri's place in silence, as neither could think of anything intelligent to say. Kerri felt her temperature rise dramatically and her breathing became much faster once they arrived. She knew there was no way Jim would ever do anything and she recalled what was written in the note. Sky demanded she had to seduce Jim and she realized that would have to happen. She thought and worried about a logical way to do it, but nothing sounded reasonable, as she wasn't comfortable acting in such a provocative manner. 

 When they settled inside at her kitchen table, the tutoring commenced right away and everything seemed to be quite normal. After about 30 minutes of teaching, Kerri felt her body getting more aroused by the minute. She wasn't sure why? For some mysterious reason the thought of Jim being the first man to see her golden rings was making her more excited than she cared to admit. Her nipples were ready to burst and she could feel the wetness creeping into her panties. 

 The thought of actually carrying out the distressing seduction was the most depraved thing she had ever done in her life, yet Kerri found it lustful instead of sinful. Without warning she stood up and excused herself by saying she was going to change into something more comfortable. She almost laughed at the line because it sounded so corny and she hurried off to her bedroom with a feeling of great uncertainty. 

 Kerri undressed, but she couldn't work up enough courage to remove her under garments. She had never initiated sex in her life so she just wasn't sure how to go about it. Taking a black silky robe from her closet, she put it on and looked at her reflection in the mirror. The robe did make her appear sexy and her blonde hair stood out prominently against the dark colored garment. Then she bent over, as if sitting at the kitchen table, and she displayed more cleavage than ever, which she assumed Jim would find very alluring. 

 She wasn't one to flash or expose herself on purpose so Kerri found the thought of a man lusting over her body to be surprisingly arousing. Her body hadn't been so turned on and alive since the Florida spring vacation and she was beginning to like the feeling. Kerri returned to the kitchen and uttered a little gasp of surprise at the stunned look on Jim's face when he stared at her new attire. When she sat down at the table across from him, she purposely bent over to reach for a book. 

 Kerri heard Jim take a big gasp, as the front of her robe drooped all the way down to the tabletop, and she held the revealing position for the longest time. She was positive he had a great view and sort of grinned when she saw him fidgeting in his chair. A feeling of hope filled her mind, as she prayed her brazen exhibition would entice Jim to take action. However, when another 10 to 15 minutes passed without him doing anything, Kerri realized that she would most certainly have to be the aggressor. 

 Kerri could tell Jim was aroused and assumed he was merely too shy and timid to do anything. She gazed straight into his eyes and tried to be as suggestive as possible when she spoke in a soft seductive voice. "Have you ever felt a woman's breasts before," she asked and almost knocked Jim off his chair. 

 The stunned look on his face was priceless and he played the role perfectly. "Naaa, no, never," he whispered, while never taking his eyes off her chest. 

 "Would you like to feel mine?" She uttered a little sob of defeat, as she submitted to the strange temptation. Then she surprised even herself by opening her robe, but even more when she undid the clasp of her bra to fully expose her two beautiful treasures. 

 When the teacher's tits popped into view, Jim was sure he was going to suffer a heart attack, as his chest pounded like mad. His breath caught in his throat and he stared at the magnificent boobs, which were highlighted by the golden rings. "My God, you're gorgeous... absolutely beautiful," he mumbled with the greatest confidence. Jim would never admit it, but pierced nipples made him hornier than anything else and he felt his penis swell at the thought of fondling Kerri's. 

 "You can feel them and kiss them if you want," Kerri said, feeling more comfortable in the new role. 

 Jim acted immediately and quickly knelt down beside Kerri's chair. His fingers appeared to vibrate when he grabbed the outstanding pierced nipples, and he pinched and rolled the erect buds around like a teenager. 

 It was Kerri's turn for a heart attack. The beating in her chest was so strong that she felt faint. A powerful wave of lust quickly rolled over her and she couldn't imagine it happening so rapidly. She arched her back and boldly offered her bare boobs to her intern teacher, as if he was her exclusive boyfriend. 

 Kerri glanced down at Jim when his burning mouth devoured a rock hard nipple and she marveled at his tongue playing with the golden ring. Then he seized the neglected nipple with his fingers and almost immediately Kerri felt her panties get soaked. She creamed like a rank beginner and was unable to control her passion, as it soared to a high peak. Kerri desperately grabbed his head and pulled it tightly into her naked chest. She moaned and screamed so loud that at first Jim wondered if Kerri was hurt. Realizing she was in the throes of a premature orgasm, he caressed her throbbing nipples and gently massaged her luscious tits. 

 The robe had opened fully and fallen off her shoulders, leaving her almost completely naked. Jim's hungry eyes roamed over the exposed flesh and he became hornier by the second. He noticed the flimsy panties and swiftly took the liberty to thrust his hand down the front of Kerri's torso and into the lacy garment. When his fingers slithered between the velvety thighs, Jim discovered the profound wetness of his dream goddess. 

 Kerri found it impossible to keep her legs together. She spread her thighs and yielded everything to her new lover. Her heart and soul were under the man's fingertips and she willingly surrendered. 

 Jim had never felt a woman's pussy before and he could not believe how erotic it felt between his fingers. He toyed with the small ring poking out from the puffy lips and smiled at the thought of his devious blackmail scheme taking control over Kerri. When he flicked the ring, Kerri's hips thrust wildly in the chair. Knowing that he was touching the most sensitive area of any woman, he kept caressing the control-button, which brought even louder moans from his adored teacher. 

 Any restraint or stamina that Kerri may have had was overcome by the desire that was consuming her body. She yearned for more, as her mind soared to new heights. "Please... oh please, kiss my cunt," she whispered. The filthy words seemed to inflame her mind even more and Kerri was unable to stop babbling. "Please, kiss my cunt. Use your tongue on my clitoris." 

 In a flash, Jim ripped the soaked panties off her shapely hips. Kerri had never had sex in a kitchen or under bright lights before. She watched the man dive between her legs and her heart literally stopped, as his mouth surrounded her leaking vulva. Then she uttered another deep moan and shoved her hips forward so that her ass barely touched the chair. Kerri put her hands on the edge of the chair seat so she wouldn't fall off and then spread her legs wide to allow Jim access to her precious womanhood. The pierced clitoris was sucked into his demanding mouth and the orgasm burst from her deepest region. 

 It was a full-blown orgasm and much more dramatic than the prior tremors that rocked her body. Kerri imagined being a mature woman in the midst of a lustful climax brought on by a young man who had no sexual experience. The violent spasms shook her slender body and Jim swallowed the succulence of a woman for the very first time. 

 As the flames died down inside her heated body, Kerri became aware of his sexual needs. Jim struggled to remove his clothes and in a short time his hard cock bounced into view. The penis bobbed up and down between the man's legs and drew her eyes like a strong magnet. Kerri felt a compelling desire to feel the length of steel for the first time in her life. She was off the chair in a split second and had her hand wrapped around the burning tool before Jim could react. The heat was intense and Kerri couldn't remember a cock being so hot. She wasn't one to eagerly such a man's cock, but suddenly she was filled with a strange yearning to feel it in her mouth. 

 Jim knew what Kerri was about to do and he felt reluctance to allow it because he wanted the session to last. He gave a feeble push to show her that he didn't want a blowjob, but Kerri's passion was far beyond his pithy resistance. Her fingers closed around the thick shaft and Jim willingly conceded to her demands. Kerri sucked the head of his raging hardon into her mouth and used her hand to pump the loose foreskin up and down the lengthy shaft. 

 The aroma seemed to dull her mind. Kerri sucked the cock and even let some go down her throat, which she had never done before. She pumped her fist up and down the throbbing shaft and used her teeth to rake the tender edge around the flared head. When she heard loud moans and groans escape the man's throat, she increased the tempo. 

 Jim felt his stamina quickly dissipate and knew he was about to fill Kerri's mouth with hot seed. He hesitated and tried to hold back, but his hips tightened and his cock throbbed crazily. Kerri's fingers squeezed and an uncommon lust took over. For some strange reason she wanted to feel Jim climax and rationalized that swallowing the cum was punishment for doing something so humiliating. 

 Kerri had no idea where it came from. A powerful desire hit and she reached for the man's balls. She cupped the nuts and rolled them around and around in the hanging bag, as if they were marbles. When she tightened her grip, Kerri felt his hips jerk wildly and she knew Jim was about to shoot his load into her waiting mouth. The scene was more mystical than ever, but sadly no one could see. Kerri squeezed the hard shaft with one hand and squeezed the balls with the other. The wildman shot the molten lava down her throat and she tried to swallow as fast as she could. 

 Being able to satisfy a man's sexual desires gave Kerri a warm feeling inside, as she milked the cock for every last ounce of cum. Jim stood with his feet spread wide apart trying to keep his balance and Kerri remained on her knees in front of the panting man. Both felt a sense of guilt and shame and they reached for their clothes in an effort to hide their nakedness. Jim got dressed and whispered that he should get going. Kerri nodded her head in agreement, as both would need some time to reflect on what had just happened and it was best if they were alone to do that. 

 Kerri decided a show of tenderness was needed. "Thank you for a wonderful evening and I don't regret one bit of what happened," she whispered and held his hand in hers when she gave him a light kiss on the cheek. Kerri reasoned it wasn't Jim's fault for the drastic sexual encounter and she wanted him to have peace of mind because she didn't blame him. She felt obliged to take full blame for her actions and didn't want him feeling any guilt. 

 *** 

 After closing the door behind Jim, Kerri slumped against the big wooden door and closed her eyes. It was true that the encounter should not have happened, but in reality she didn't feel any remorse. Her head had been filled with uncommon lust ever since the blackmail started and the piercing only seemed to fuel her passion. She had succumbed to the emotions and used the excuse of the blackmail causing her to have the affair with Jim. Her body quivered at the memory of the things Jim did to her and how she felt at the time. Even that sordid time in Florida didn't match the intensity of this affair, she concluded. 

 Her legs trembled making it hard to walk to her bedroom and she collapsed on the soft comforter. Kerri finally realized just how tired she was and instantly fell asleep. She woke at four in the morning and realized she was still in her robe. After fumbling with the covers and getting them pulled up around her neck, she fell back to sleep and finally woke when the alarm went off. 

 Her body still felt alive and mysteriously it seemed overly sensitive for some unknown reason. The shower felt more stimulating than usual and she let the hot, steamy water run over her exhausted muscles for many minutes. Eventually she felt relaxed and quickly got ready for work because the time was running short. 

 The day went well and there were no surprises in store for her until quitting time. Jim was feeling very sure of himself after his successful blackmail scheme and he met Kerri when she left work. He walked up to her as she approached her car and couldn't wipe the big grin off his face. "I was wondering if you would mind giving me some more lessons tonight," he said. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed ****** bydawn1958© Kerri's first reaction was one of rage, but she managed to only think about having an outburst. 'No, you fucking jerk. I only did that last night because someone was blackmailing me,' she thought and bit her tongue. 

 She looked him in the eye to speak and felt a quiver run through her midsection. Then for some ungodly reason, Kerri looked him up and down and felt the flames of desire run through her body. She sensed a need for more of Jim's caresses and to have him kiss her rings once again. Kerri realized that her student teacher was a sincere individual and that Jim was trying to be nice to her. "Why I would love to," she responded and motioned to her car. "Sure, why not, as I don't have anything planned. You can come with me." 

 They rode in silence and both knew why they were heading to her place. Once they got to Kerri's, Jim felt a strong urge to take charge. When the door closed, he grabbed Kerri and pulled her into his body. He kissed her hard on the lips and his tongue thrust out demanding she open her mouth. Then his mischievous hand reached inside her jacket and quickly found the bottom of her blouse that was already partially loosened. 

 In a flash his darting fingers slipped into the blouse and under the bra before closing on top of a mouth-watering boob. The crude assault should have enraged Kerri, but suddenly she was fighting to control her rising emotions. Her legs trembled and the rapid attack seemed to get her aroused rather than angered. She entwined her tongue with his and arched her back as if offering herself to the young man while they stood in the entryway of her home. 

 Kerri wasn't sure whether it was her idea or if Jim steered her into the living room. They remained locked in an intimate embrace and didn't linger more than a few seconds in the room before heading towards her bedroom. Everything happened without thinking. Kerri understood Jim's desires, as his hands brazenly fondled her all over, and she urged him down the hallway and into her bedroom. One moment they were rushing across the room and the next they were sprawled out on top of the bed. 

 Kerri wasn't sure whether he ripped off her clothes or if she assisted in the swift striptease. In mere seconds she was naked above the waist. She literally trembled when he devoured the end of her titty and she had trouble breathing, as sharp teeth surrounded her nipple. His fingers went to the other swollen bud and when Jim caressed both nipple rings, Kerri moaned so loudly that it scared him. He paused, but Kerri quickly reassured him. She cupped both of her boobs in her hands and begged for his mouth again. 

 The wetness grew between Kerri's legs and her hips jerked and quivered, as if inviting an imaginary lover to touch her pussy. Jim fondled and molested her breasts, even nibbling the nips now and then, which caused spasms to erupt from inside her belly. Like their first affair, Kerri felt an orgasm rise from her core and her womanly juices began flowing freely. She resembled a common teenager without any control and experienced an orgasm without Jim touching her cunt. Her body shook wildly, as he caressed her titties, and she creamed her panties like a wanton slut. 

 Jim felt Kerri's body thrust madly and wondered if she was in fact climaxing. The sounds coming out of her mouth were passionate and pure animalistic and seemed to grow louder with every nibble on her hardened nipples. 

 Kerri couldn't wait for Jim to strip the rest of her clothes and her trembling hands completed the task. Once naked, she began struggling with his clothes and had great difficulty, as her fingers were shaking so badly. Then Jim helped and in scant seconds he too was completely naked. They rolled around on the bed like a couple of out of control teenagers with their arms and legs entwined while locked in a heated passionate kiss. 

 Kerri was aroused and she felt no humiliation when she broke the kiss. "Suck my cunt... now," she ordered and roughly grabbed his head. She ran her fingers into his hair and guided his face into her crotch where he readily sucked the nectar from the Promised Land. When his hot mouth closed over her fiery volcano, the quake was so powerful that Kerri almost passed out. 

 Jim sucked the ring and clit into his mouth with such force that it resulted in an immediate orgasm. Experiencing another orgasm in a matter of minutes was explosive and Kerri's ass bounced on the sheets, as the madman performed amazing cunnilingus and ate her out. Jim drank the honey, as his passion climbed higher and higher to join Kerri's. 

 She was unsure if it was the clit piercing or if it was just the circumstances that added to her heightened pleasure. Suddenly it didn't matter, as Kerri lost her body to the young intern and her mind and spirit to animal lust. Later she would feel the guilt and shame, but during the ecstasy she only felt the overpowering desire. 

 The orgasm soared to a blissful peak and the flowing lava streamed down towards the hungry mouth. Jim reached up with his hands and pinched the golden rings, using his fingertips to pull the gems out from Kerri's chest. He crushed her last straw of willpower and she succumbed to the earth-shattering climax. Powerful convulsions shot through her loins and Kerri was turned into a wanton slut by a clever scheming blackmailer. 

 It was a picture of forlorn lust with Kerri's long blonde hair spread out on the bedding and her body in the throes of an intense orgasm. Jim sucked the treasured pussy for all of his worth and he hung onto the thrashing hips for dear life, as if she was a bucking bronco. Every time he flicked the ring with his tongue, Kerri's hips bucked wildly on top of the bed. He slowed his caresses, as the lust subsided, and knew it was time for his just reward. 

 Kerri sensed his dire need and she welcomed Jim's movement, as he lay on top of her sweaty body. When he slithered up and kissed her on the lips, she immediately searched for his darting tongue. The taste of her own juices sent shivers up and down her spine, but it quickly became an aphrodisiac that eroded any depraved feelings. 

 The scene was of two intimate lovers. A length of steel pressed between the velvety thighs and the legs spread to allow the man to enter. The ramrod tip pressed into the waiting crotch and instantly grazed the wet slit. Kerri's tummy shuddered with desire and her breathing became very labored, as she willingly remained motionless so the cock would find her precious opening. 

 Kerri was consumed by a reckless elation for the first time in her life. She wrapped her arms around the young man and hugged his muscular body tightly. The thought of getting pierced again hit her, but this time with a man's cock and not a needle, which seemed seductive rather than distressing. Kerri threw back her head. Her eyes opened wide and her mouth was agape, as she knew Jim was searching. "Please, please," she begged and waited. 

 Jim wanted the heat of Kerri's cunt and moved his hips into position for the kill. He pushed forward and then the head of his cock split the slippery, swollen lips, as Kerri held with anticipation. Once the flaming inferno engulfed the end of his rod, the heat was overpowering and his animal instincts took over. Jim thrust his thick meat all the way into his dream woman and an immediate fiery explosion erupted deep inside her epicenter. Spasm after spasm rocked her lithe body with such viciousness that she clung to Jim, as if he was her savior. 

 Kerri surrendered and welcomed the best climax of her life. Her cries of happiness echoed through her bedroom when the womanly juices flowed and coated Jim's cock for the first time, which robbed his remaining stamina. All the fantasies in the world couldn't prepare him for the heavenly bliss and Jim blasted smoldering lava into uncharted territory. It was a picture of two lovers thrusting madly at each other and two orgasms melting into one. 

 Loud moans and heavy breathing filled the room and Kerri was truly smitten for the very first time. The lovers desperately clung to each other; the climaxes flourished and the bodies glistened with beads of sweat. Many minutes passed while the ecstasy subsided and they remained in a tight embrace, waiting for their emotions to quiet. 

 Eventually their breathing returned to normal. Jim watched with great interest, as Kerri got off the bed and rustled around finding her discarded clothes. She stood and donned her blouse while forgetting about the unnecessary bra. He slowly reached for his clothes and didn't take his eyes off of his sexy mentor. When the shinny rings disappeared, Jim couldn't get the image of her sexy tits out of his head. He forgot about getting dressed and stared wide-eyed at Kerri's shaved pussy until she covered it with her skirt. 

 All of a sudden he needed to caress Kerri one more time. She was only a couple of feet away so he grabbed her. Jim pulled her back onto the bed and put her in an intimate embrace. Overcome by the young man's boldness, Kerri tilted her head back and allowed Jim to kiss her on the mouth. His tongue slipped between her open lips and displayed a lingering desire for more. 

 When his hand slithered down the front of her body, Kerri knew what Jim was searching for and she spread her legs. Her breathing caught, as his hand slipped into her skirt and found the vast wetness. She arched her back and bared her soul again to her young intern. The finger penetration was swift and accurate. She stretched and arched her back, as if she was trying to crawl away, but her struggle was merely for show. 

 Renewed desire surged through her stomach and then she welcomed his loving embrace, as his finger moved in and out of her heated cavity. Kerri thrust her hips in tune with his finger pumping, trying to match Jim's passion. Mysteriously Kerri felt controlled by the man's caresses and her mind was once again inflamed. 

 Jim's touch seemed too much for her to resist and it became evident that he was master of her domain. Her body vibrated and seemed ready for another orgasm, which she found bewildering because she was always reserved and hesitant to give herself to anyone. She pressed her legs together tightly in a futile attempt to stop or at least delay her rising emotions, but that merely put extreme pressure on her labia and clitty. 

 Jim put his fingertips around the throbbing clitoris and listened to the music. He rolled the clit around and around in the juices and heard the sounds of a woman going towards the crest of another joyous climax. Jim cradled her upper body with one arm and devoured a waiting nipple, as he expertly molested her clitoris. Kerri's body went into wild convulsions and waves of ecstasy washed over her entire being, as the continuous spasms prevented any hope of regaining control. 

 Kerri had heard of multiple orgasms, but she never imagined experiencing them. Her mind drifted into a never, never land and she was too confused and dazed to think straight. When the powerful orgasm slowly diminished, she was too weak to move. She watched Jim slowly roll off her torso and then retrieve his clothing. 

 Jim knew it was time to leave. He had accomplished more than he ever expected or hoped to accomplish. Kerri was too exhausted to cover herself and lay motionless on the disheveled bed, leaving her blouse rolled up around her neck and her skirt bunched around her waist. Jim got dressed and all the while stared at her alluring nakedness. A twinge of sadness went through him, as he bent over to give Kerri a goodbye kiss. 

 It wasn't until many minutes after Jim departed that Kerri's mind came back into focus. The thought of Sky, the blackmailer, and his controlling demands floated into her mind and she knew more of his vile requests would be waiting for her when she opened her classroom in the morning. Who was he? Why was Sky blackmailing her? All of a sudden nothing mattered, as she was too tired and fell asleep right where she was. 

 THE END OF CHAPTER ONE 

 I am revising my older stories and will hopefully write one new chapter when the revisions are done. Please send feedback, as I am always interested in what readers think of my stories. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© Please send your comments and suggestions, as the feedback is always appreciated. This story is revised and reposted so hopefully it gives readers a better experience. The story was written at the request of a reader and I hope I do his fantasy justice. 

 CHAPTER TWO - MISTAKEN IDENTITY 

 Kerri was 28 years of age and nothing like this had ever happened to her. She lived a sheltered life and devoted much of her time to her teaching duties at the college. The dilemma now facing Kerri started a few weeks ago when one of her students found out about the one unfortunate indiscretion in her life. He was now blackmailing her into doing things that were truly degrading for someone who held a high position of authority. 

 Sky smiled with satisfaction, as his plan to shame and humiliate Kerri was working to perfection. He made Kerri get her nipples and pussy pierced and he now planned to use this to its full advantage. He had to admit that she was a truly beautiful woman and at 5'5", blonde with stunning boobs, she attracted the eye of every guy in her classes. In fact, her sexy appearance was envied by most of the girls as well. Her conservative attire along with the dark rimmed glasses only added to the alluring facade. 

 The pictures of that dreadful affair in Florida during spring break that showed up in her parent's mailbox had given Sky the advantage he needed. After trying to explain them to her mother, Kerri was not prepared to let it happen again. It made her shudder to think that she was under the control of a mysterious blackmailer and she didn't even know who it was. Try as she might, she wasn't able to ascertain who he was and his motive was still a little unclear. 

 She got a surprise one evening when she logged onto hotmail and checked her email account. "What will you wear?" was the subject line and it sent a chill up her spine. Reluctantly, she opened the mail and slowly read what it said. 

 'Tomorrow, you will wear the blouse I have carefully selected for you and you will find it at your back door,' she read. 'Please don't disappoint me, as I would hate to give your mother the actual movie of spring break. Besides, what would the faculty think if they saw it?' The note instantly filled her with utter helplessness and she merely stared at it in disbelief. 

 Rushing to the back door, Kerri found a small package stuffed between the screen door and back door. Her hands were shaking when she ripped it open and was confronted with a very sheer, black blouse. A small note was attached and it read, 'you will wear this blouse tomorrow at school so I hope you have something that goes with it?' Her eyes filled with tears and she read the last demoralizing line, which punctuated her dilemma. 'And don't wear anything under the blouse!' 

 Holding the blouse up, she noticed how sheer it was and her tummy churned realizing it would show almost everything. No, she just couldn't expose herself in this manner and she just had to find a way out. "How," she asked herself? "But how?" 

 Kerri fretted and agonized all evening at having to wear the revealing garment. She didn't sleep all that well either and by morning she was resigned to complying with the humiliating request in the note. Donning the blouse, she looked at herself in the mirror. Her eyes opened wide at the brazen reflection and fear shot through her brain. 

 The two golden rings were very evident and glittered under the shear material. 'How can I get up in front of the class dressed in this manner,' she wondered. Time was getting late so she selected a dark suit, which matched the color of the revealing blouse and hurried off to work. 

 Her mind was in a quandary by the time she arrived at the college, as she went over and over the predicament. It really hit home when she noticed a tiny note stuck to her desk. 'By the way, make sure to remove your jacket!' She read the note again and again and then realized the severe extent of her dilemma. 

 Kerri reluctantly followed the ominous demand. She tried to hunch her shoulders to make the blouse less revealing, but her intended modesty was pointless. The class started and the hushed silence that came over the crowded classroom was deafening when she stood up to give her customary instructions. Always the ultimate professional teacher, the students were momentarily stunned by Kerri's outward display of recklessness. The rings shone like nuggets of pure gold and drew the eye of every student, male and female. 

 Jim watched the brave display by Kerri with dreamy admiration and his memory flashed back to his two encounters with her. The first was when he had sex for the first time without paying for it and the second when he took full advantage of the willing teacher. His cock throbbed, as it resembled a steel rod running down his thigh. Jim got hornier and reasoned he would need release of pent up tension after watching Kerri's big magnificent breasts during class. 

 The first few minutes felt like two hours. Kerri tried her best to conduct a worthwhile class, as she knew the gleaming metal was very obvious. She stammered and stuttered and her face turned every shade of red whenever she caught someone staring at her. There was no doubt in anyone's mind about the two enlarged nipples being pierced. The ends of her boobs pressed into the sheer material and a person would have to be blind to miss them. The golden rings dangled down and looked absolutely provocative to every male in the room. 

 Kerri fretted about her nipples being rock-hard and she didn't seem to be able to quiet the growing internal awakening in her stomach. The thought of being even the slightest bit aroused fill her with guilt and shame. It was true. She felt tiny twinges of exhilaration, which she reasoned should have been humiliation because of the students staring at her exposed treasures. Kerri was mortified by what she was forced to do, but for some strange reason the element of risk seemed to build an excitement rather than displeasure. 

 Jim sat at the back of the room and relished overhearing the zealous whispers of the nearby students. He schemed of a way to entice the attractive professor into his clutches so he could have another sexual encounter with her. Two things happened after class that embarrassed Kerri yet to her utter amazement they also inflamed her confused mind. 

 First one of her more courageous students, Ward, stopped by her desk to ask a couple of questions about the subject they had just covered. All the while he stood in front of her, his eyes never left her chest. A wide grin of devilment adorned his masculine face and she felt like slapping his face when he wouldn't look away. She somehow managed to control the impulse and found a way to answer his questions without lashing out at her student. What bothered her most was the intense quivering in her tummy that wouldn't seem to go away. 

 Kerri had never acted in such a daring manner and now she sat at her desk, facing a young student who probably thought she was a common slut. She answered his trivial questions and allowed his audacious actions to go unpunished. Ward no sooner departed when a female student approached Kerri under similar circumstances. 

 Wendy was a tomboy type who always maintained good grades and was a model student in Kerri's eyes. She approached the desk with a timid, apprehensive expression on her pretty face, but the girl quickly overcame her initial fear. "I wanted to see your absolutely gorgeous breasts up close, as they look divine with the piercings." Her voice was a mere whisper and so quiet that only Kerri could hear. "I've wanted to get mine done for a long time, but haven't worked up the courage to do it," Wendy admitted, as her expression conveyed intense longing and emotion. 

 Kerri's secure and flaccid life was about to take another radical twist. She had no inkling that Wendy was privileged to some of the incriminating evidence from Sky, but quickly found out how conniving he really was. Her blackmailer planned to use the girl to administer a humiliation above and beyond anything Kerri imagined. Wendy readily agreed to Jim's devious proposal once she found out that the one teacher she worshiped and fantasized about was the target of his clever scheme. 

 Kerry merely sat still and stared at the girl. "Sky has informed me of certain things and he wants me to see your other piercing," she whispered, making sure no one else could hear. Her voice was steady and she appeared very confident. "I know students aren't allowed in the staff washrooms, but you can take me there just this once," Wendy said to her bewildered teacher. 

 "Aaah, ah, I can't..." Kerri whispered, but was instantly cut off by the student. 

 "Well... aren't you going to show me your desirable pussy or do I inform everyone about the Florida movies," Wendy asked and then took control before Kerri could recover. She turned and walked a few steps in the direction of the door before facing Kerri again. "I won't ask again!" 

 Wendy wheeled and left the room. Suddenly Kerri felt a great sense of vulnerability and her feet started moving all by themselves. Slowly she followed the tall slim girl out of the room and noticed her standing several feet down the hallway. When she took a step towards the girl, Wendy quickly headed towards the staff washroom. Kerri followed and noticed that the girl almost looked like a boy from behind, as she was slim without a noticeable waistline and her jeans and blouse looked like any boys' outfit. 

 Wendy reached the washroom and held the door open. Kerri didn't dare look at the girl and she was struck by the feeling that she had just been conquered. With a slight wave of her hand, Wendy indicated that her slave enter the dungeon, which spurred a last minute plea. "Please, don't make me go in there," Kerri whispered and let out a whimper of desperation. "Please... please." 

 The girl's glare revealed no mercy and it was one of total dominance. Wendy held the washroom door open and waved her hand again. Kerri slowly entered and all hope seemed lost when the loud click of the door locking behind her echoed through the small room. "Please, don't make me do anything," she pleaded. 

 The domineering student stared at her and took a step in Kerri's direction. "You walked around all day purposely exposing your pierced nipples to everyone and now it's time to pay the price," the girl stated. 

 "No, don't do anything to me," Kerri repeated, as there was no forgiving on the girl's face. Wendy remained stoic, but Kerri tried one more time. "Please, don't." 

 "Do you know what I think?" 

 "No... no." 

 "If a person walks around and acts like a floozy, then I think she should be treated like one." 

 The girl stepped closer and Kerri felt the hot whiffs of her breathing wash across her flushed cheek. "Please, I... no, I didn't do it on purpose," she whispered. 

 "I have wanted to get my nipples pierced, but just haven't had the courage. Yours look very attractive and I've wanted to touch them all day," Wendy replied, completely ignoring Kerri's pleas. Then she grabbed Kerri's chin and held her face so she could stare into the teary eyes. When the fingers of her other hand sneaked to the top button of her see-through blouse, Wendy grinned and moved her fingers. 

 Kerri tried to breathe but found it almost impossible to get enough air. Her muscles seemed frozen and she couldn't stop the fingers. She allowed the younger woman to undo the buttons one at a time until the last button gave way. Her breathing quickened in anticipation, as the girl opened the blouse and the cool air washed over her bare chest. 

 The entire scene was so daring, so wrong yet Kerri was captivated by the powerful effect. She fought the urge to glance down, as the cool air hit her suddenly exposed flesh, and simply stood motionless waiting for Wendy to act. Kerri remained puzzled by the overpowering assault and she tried to calm the rapidly building emotion and doubt. 

 Wendy was filled with confidence. She held the intimidating stare and moved her fingers to the glorious nipples. Her nails lightly raked the swollen areolas and slyly evaded the already hardened buds. She drew tantalizing circles around the pierced nipples and then she flicked the golden rings in teasing fashion, which resulted in three or four desperate moans escaping Kerri's throat. The pained expression on the teacher's pretty face gave the student even more confidence, as she freely molested both tits. 

 When the question came, Kerri was stunned by the damning request. "Do you mind if I kiss them," the student asked. Without another word, Wendy dropped to the golden riches and eagerly sucked one of the rosebuds into her steamy mouth. She was a young woman with much experience and she rolled the nipple ring with her tongue. Every loving caress brought a mixture of joy and unwillingness to Kerri's mind, which quickly turned the uncertainty into lust. 

 A virgin to another woman's caresses, Kerri fought the urge to run, as the rising desire quickly eroded her innocence. "No, no, no," she mumbled over and over. Her resistance was because she was taught to resist such temptation and not because she wanted Wendy to stop. The sensations were new to her, which overwhelmed any chance she had of fighting off the overbearing student. The humiliation caused her flesh to blush with shame, as she allowed the molestation to continue in the school washroom without a meaningful struggle. 

 Wendy felt ultimate power and mastery from forcing the beautiful teacher to succumb to her wishes and demands. She was the consummate dyke, but all of her experiences had been with girls her own age. Tasting a real woman for the first time was extremely rewarding and built an inferno deep inside her belly. The illustrious treasures were nothing like those of the teenage girls she had been with and Kerri's tits had a soft velvety resilience, which made them erotic and sexy. 

 Dousing the flames was foremost on Wendy's lust-filled mind. She gave the big titties a tongue-lashing, which likely could be heard in the next county. The obscene gestures by her young student should have angered Kerri, but they aroused her instead. Kerri never understood why she didn't struggle against the degrading assault, as Wendy backed her up against the washroom wall until she was pinned and unable to move. Her eyes glazed over and she stared straight awaiting the girl's next move. 

 Wendy brought her head up and stared into Kerri's eyes. She asked permission with a mere look and then lowered her lips to kiss the timorous teacher. Instantly her tongue darted out and split the lips to find the submissive tongue. The kissed heated up in a teasing manner and then the stronger soon took over. Wendy kissed her teacher and demonstrated how much she lusted for her sexy body. 

 The kiss was like no other and Kerri was quickly overcome by the intensity. She arched her back and spread her legs in a vulgar fashion because it was what the dominating student demanded. Wendy's hand slithered between the shapely feminine bodies and reached for the bottom hem of Kerri's skirt. She grabbed the material with an upward motion and pulled the hem all the way up to Kerri's slim waist. 

 When her lower extremities were exposed in a brazen naughty manner, Kerri almost fainted. The fingers were like a burning poker, as they brushed across her silky skin before resting just above her panties. Wendy pinched the elastic waistband with her fingertips and felt the teacher's hips jerk violently, but then hold still in perfect compliance. 

 The fingers dipped under the lacy garment and Kerri tightened her stomach muscles, as if giving the student more space. Her breathing stopped in expectation and she realized what the student would do next. Wendy's face lit up with a satisfied smile when the shapely thighs spread and made room for her hand. Her fingers dipped and suddenly they were covered with a vast wetness that gave her a sense of control. 

 Wendy knew from the conversation with Sky what to expect. She searched and found the dainty ring between the soaked pussy-lips. When she seized the ring with her finger and thumb and used a twisting action, it brought a cry of protest from Kerri. The cry was not so much a protest, but more of dismay that she felt like submitting to the blackmailing student. Tiny spasms deep inside her loins quickly turned into large tremors that threatened to overwhelm any struggle. 

 When the fingers pinched the raw clitoris, the explosion made her beg. "Please, please... oh, please," Kerri moaned, praying for strength and expecting to tell the student to stop. "Oh please, you're... oh, you're touching my clit... oh gawd, my clit... no, no." 

 Somehow they wound up in the washroom cubicle and there wasn't much room. Wendy pushed her into a corner and forced one of Kerri's legs upward so that her foot rested on the toilet seat. "You know what you have to do," she whispered? "Sky told me what his adorable teacher would do to keep me quiet." 

 The humiliation and degradation of it all inflamed Kerri's naïve mind. She realized what it would take to stop Wendy's blackmail and a shudder rocked her entire body, as she surrendered. The student recaptured her clitty and then finger-fucked her without any hesitation. An orgasm welled deep inside and washed over her body with lightning speed. Kerri knew it was immoral and that she would regret it later, but she couldn't stop the tidal wave when it flooded her soul. 

 Her mind was totally consumed and Kerri thrust her hips at the demanding fingers with all her might, as the climax soared over the summit. She was oblivious to the fact that she kissed and devoured Wendy's hot tongue with a passion that amazed her student. Feeling the womanly juices coat her fingers, Wendy was filled with immense satisfaction and punished Kerri's body with all of her learned lesbian skills. 

 Throughout her whole childhood, Kerri wondered what it would be like to be with a woman. All of a sudden she was enlightened. Kerri was still in dreamland when she was awakened by a whisper in her ear. "I want to fuck your little pussy... make your body come alive when I fuck you with my tongue," Wendy said, making Kerri's body go rigid in fear. "Have you ever had sex with a woman before?" 

 Kerri was shocked and didn't know what to do, as the girl stared into her eyes. "No," she replied timidly. She tried to quell the intense butterflies in her stomach, as the eyes bored into her delicate mind. The prior supremacy displayed by Wendy when she forced her to succumb made Kerri helpless against the overbearing student. 

 Wendy was far too shrewd for the submissive teacher and she planted the seed of doubt in Kerri's head. "Only a true lesbian would cream like you did when I fingered your cunt," Wendy stated. "You were better and a lot faster than any of my girlfriends." 

 Kerri sobbed with the realization that the student was correct and it fueled her mind with guilt. When Wendy started brushing her clothes and trying to make her presentable again, Kerri was relieved. The girl departed so quickly that she really didn't have a chance to relax. Wendy gave her gorgeous teacher one last admiring glance and then rushed out of the staff washroom. 

 It took Kerri a minute or two before her breathing and heart rate were back to normal. She composed herself enough to face the public, but still didn't relish walking around the college dressed in such a provocative fashion. Kerri exited and walked down the hallway, drawing the stares of admiration from many boys and even some envious looks from girls. She was well aware the sheer blouse did nothing to hide the beauty of her charms and she was in a constant flustered state of embarrassment. 

 It was with great relief when she got back to her home classroom and into the sanctity of familiar surroundings. Somehow she got through the rest of the day without too many interruptions, but there were lots of little giggles and snickers that she tried to ignore. Whenever there was a break or lull in the class, her mind drifted back to the rendezvous with Wendy. She was mystified by the fact she allowed the washroom incident to happen. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© Kerri let out a big sigh when the final bell sounded and it was time to go home. As she exited the school, Ward met her at the door and she could tell the student was trouble. His hungry eyes devoured the open space in her suit jacket and Kerri could tell he was trying to ogle her again just like he did in the classroom. She quickly pulled the jacket closed and then tried to squeeze past his tall muscular body. 

 Ward said some very explicit things about her looks and what he wanted to do to her and they made her blush, as she tried to hurry away. Kerri probably looked fairly pathetic when she rushed across the parking lot and frantically fumbled for her car keys. It took several attempts to get the door open and then jump in the car for safety. 

 Kerri slumped behind the steering wheel and thought of what just happened. No one had ever talked to her like Ward had and his threats of using his big hard cock on her were like a Swiss echo running through her mind. She closed her eyes and tried to shut out the awful memory. Her hands vibrated and it was hard getting the key into the ignition, but she finally got the car started. When she caught a glimpse of Ward standing by the school, as she drove away, she was alarmed by the smug confident look on his face. 

 Kerri couldn't look away. Ward's smile was more of a grin and almost told her that he intended on having his way with her. She shuddered and felt a colossal shame of wondering what it would feel like to have the student caressing her naked body. Kerri quickly scolded herself for thinking crude impossible things and vowed that it would never happen. A sudden thought sent a shiver up and down her spine. What if Ward was Sky? 

 *** 

 It was a quiet night at home and Kerri lounged around all evening trying to relax. She kept wondering what was happening, as she found herself acting so strangely and doing things she never dreamed of doing. What she found most amazing was the scandalous way she acted in the washroom with Wendy. Kerri readily agreed that she wasn't the most experienced woman when it came to sex, but surely that wasn't the reason she performed lewd primitive acts with her student. The memory of allowing Wendy to humiliate her to the utmost by making her cream all over her fingers sent shivers through her body. 

 Kerri closed her eyes and recalled the entire washroom episode. She was filled with intense feelings at the time, which she reasoned consumed her sanity. It made her cringe when she realized that she would likely do it all over again if Wendy confronted her. Kerri remembered following her dominating student down the hallway and watching her youthful ass sway as she walked. She actually diverted her eyes at the time because of the embarrassment of ogling another woman's butt and feeling a bit jealous. 

 She would never forget entering the washroom. Her arms seemed frozen and tied at her sides when Wendy advanced. She offered no resistance and merely stood motionless, as the young student groped her body. Colorful and vivid pictures of Wendy's skilled fingers working their way down the front of her body filled her head. The girl searched for and found the perfect control button. When Wendy's strong demanding fingers turned the knob, it opened the floodgates, as Kerri's juices flowed into the sea of ecstasy. 

 Kerri couldn't remember reaching a climax in such a short period of time. Her hips had thrashed in tune with Wendy's skilled fingers and she had been unable to stem the sudden orgasm. The lewd images made Kerri a little sick with guilt, as they showed exactly how submissive and susceptible she really was. The bizarre encounters had to stop, but Kerri just didn't know how to put an end to the blackmail. 

 The most concerning aspect about the recent occurrences was the fact she still didn't know who held all of the cards. Kerri pondered the predicament for a while and the only culprit she could think of was Ward. He surely acted with the assurance of someone who was in control and there was always a smile of confidence on his face. Yes, he was likely the blackmailer, Kerri thought. 

 Her troubled mind eventually drifted off to sleep, but the awful dreams didn't allow for any quality rest. The alarm went off and she was almost like a zombie, as she got ready for work. She fretted about ever finding out the identity of Sky and tried to reassure herself that Ward was the one because he was the obvious choice. 

 So far Sky had managed to persuade her to follow his directions. Kerri feared to disobey because that would mean the faculty would find out about her past indiscretions. She had worked long and hard for her teaching position at the prestigious college and she was well respected by the head of the department. If Sky disclosed the immoral sexual acts, all she worked for would be destroyed and Kerri vowed to do anything to stop the blackmailer. 

 She left for work with a positive outlook and a determination to find out who was turning her life into a living hell. Dressed in her usual conservative attire, Kerri tried to return to normal, which saddened many of her male students who loved the provocative blouse she wore yesterday. The sight of her gorgeous boobs, which were highly visible through the sheer top, had given some erotic thoughts to many students that were hard to forget. 

 All went extremely well through the day and it wasn't until last class that anything out of the ordinary happened. Ward cornered her near the door of her classroom after all the other students had left and suddenly she felt trapped. He pushed the door closed to shut out the outside world and then backed her up against the wall. 

 She was about to say something to the daring student when he put his forefinger to her mouth and told her to shush. "Don't make a sound... or else," he said in the most threatening manner. 

 With a sudden fright, Kerri guessed that Ward was her tormentor, Sky. She reasoned that the only way to get out from under his control was to follow his orders. Troubled and confused, Kerri remained motionless when the student presented a formidable force in front of her trembling body. Her passive demeanor thrilled Ward and gave him confidence to be more aggressive than he might have imagined. 

 Kerri couldn't think straight and merely allowed the bully to have his own way with her. She gasped out loud when the student abruptly reached down and grabbed the hem of her skirt. Ward treated his teacher like a street-corner hooker and he quickly pulled the skirt up to her slim waist. Then he thrust his hand between her velvety thighs and grabbed her crotch. 

 No sound, not even a whimper came from her throat when Ward's vulgar groping happened. His hand pressed firmly over the thin strip of panty and he deliberately pushed his finger into the wetness. Ward didn't get any resistance, other than a worried expression on the teacher's pretty face, so he curled his finger around the elastic seam. He slipped the tip into the moistened 'V' and pried the puffy labia apart. 

 Kerri felt totally helpless and she let her offensive student molest her body while they stood in her very own classroom. Suddenly she came fully upright on her tiptoes, as his long finger pierced the very heart of her being. Ward put one arm around Kerri and forced her lithe body up against his hard muscles in a tight embrace. "What's that I feel in your cunt, my little miss prissy? My, my, Huuummm, I like and it's very sexy," he whispered with the widest grin on his chiseled face. 

 The humiliation was burning and Kerri had a hard time breathing. Ward sounded like he was familiar with her being pierced, which gave credence to her mistaken identity of Sky. His finger pressed hard on her throbbing nub and all she did was utter a few pathetic whimpers of defeat, as several spasms shot through her core. It seemed the ruder Ward acted the more aroused she became, rather than angry. Kerri knew that under normal circumstances she would have slapped his unruly face and reported him to the office. 

 Ward realized the classroom wasn't the place to fuck his adorable teacher so he reluctantly released his powerful grip. "Let's go somewhere. A place more private so you can get satisfied by a real man," he boasted. "I want a closer look at those gorgeous tits... and see Lu's great handiwork!" 

 That was it! Kerri literally vibrated when she assumed she was in the arms of her blackmailer. He knew; Ward knew that Lu had pierced her nipples and clit. The only person in the world who would know that was Sky. She had no idea that Ward's clever disclosure was actually the result of Jim's shrewd scheming. The intern had been sitting in his usual position at the back of the class yesterday and he had taken advantage of Ward sitting close by. 

 Jim had no idea that his witty revelation would come in so handy. When Kerri had shocked the entire class with her unexpected revealing attire, Jim told the students sitting near him that he had seen Kerri's car at Lu's tattoo parlor. He lied and whispered how he had quizzed Lu and found out that the man had given Kerri some piercings. All of a sudden Ward's shocking disclosure pounded the final nail into the teacher's coffin. 

 Kerri's heart was still pounding from the awful realization that she was in Sky's arms. Then she got another big shock when he grabbed her tiny hand with his damp hand now coated with womanly juices. Ward forced her hand into the waistband of his loose fitting jeans and down on top of his length of hardened steel. Kerri flinched wildly, as if struck by many volts of electricity, but he held her hand firmly. 

 Things were out of hand and Kerri began to plead. "Please, please not here," she begged Ward, as she was deathly afraid of getting caught. 

 Ward looked directly into her frightened eyes. "Where do you want me to fuck you," he asked? 

 "Please, not here. Someone will see us," she pleaded for his mercy. 

 "You tell me where and I will stop right away," he promised. 

 Kerri was getting deeper and deeper without even the slightest awareness of her dire predicament. "We... we can't... not here," she moaned. 

 "Well, where do we go," he asked and waited for her answer? 

 Kerri felt the burning rod singe her dainty hand and his insistence made her panic. "Please, we can't," she pleaded and the look in his eye demanded more. "We can go out to my car," she whispered and suddenly realized she had just invited him out. A big sigh of relief washed over her when he released her hand from the inferno and she quickly regained her composure. 

 Ward quickly grabbed Kerri by the elbow and escorted her from the room. They proceeded down the deserted hallway and she was thankful there were no students or staff around. Ward pushed and prodded her out of the building and into the parking lot. As they neared Kerri's car, her heart started beating faster, as the dilemma worsened and the pressure built. 

 It suddenly dawned on Kerri that her troubles were just beginning. She had escaped the dreadful molesting inside the school, but now she had invited him to her car. She wondered how to prevent Ward from joining her in a supposed affair? Then the most terrifying thought hit her. 'What if this boy isn't Sky,' she wondered? 

 Before Kerri had time to think of a plausible solution, Ward took over. "That's a good teacher, now get in and drive. We can discuss the things you can do for me," he ordered. His voice was stern and very strict, as Kerri automatically opened the door and got in behind the wheel. She merely wondered what her blackmailer's next request would be and tried to retain a measure of sanity. Kerri hesitated for a brief moment and then noticed the student waiting at the passenger door for her to unlock the door. 

 Why she obeyed the silent command was a mystery to Kerri. The click of the door unlocking sent a knife into her chest, which made it extremely hard to breathe. "Drive us to your place and I'll show you the time of your life," Ward said. 

 The promise made her stomach do a million summersaults. 'This can't be happening,' she thought. Kerri started the car and proceeded to drive, as she acted like a zombie. When they neared her house, she started to feel panic set in and wondered how she would ever get rid of Ward. Without a good solution forthcoming, Kerri shivered with nervousness when she arrived in her driveway. 

 Kerri glanced over at the tyrant and set her jaw in determination. "I'm sorry but it isn't right for you to come into my home, as students aren't allowed to fraternize with teachers," she said in the steadiest tone she could muster. 

 Ward never said a word. He simply got out of the car and walked around to open Kerri's door. He stood with the door open and waited. After what seemed like an eternity, Kerri shrugged her shoulders and got out. When Ward slammed the door after her exit, Kerri jumped and her passive nature put a wide grin across the student's face. 

 "Come on, you said we can't fuck in the school, but now there is no excuse," he said. "I can hardly wait to get that gorgeous ass of yours in bed and fuck your wet pussy until you beg me to make you come." 

 Kerri was dumbfounded and she allowed Ward to lead her into the house. They had no sooner entered and he stripped off his shirt. The brazen display of his muscular chest and masculine body sort of took Kerri by surprise and she wilted under his intense stare. Kerri stood motionless, as if waiting for him to take charge. 

 Ward never dreamed of even getting to first base with his desirable teacher and now that he had her on the run, he was determined to keep on the offense. He had found out as much as he could about Kerri and knew she was from a sheltered background. He also knew she was single so that meant he didn't have to worry about a man showing up to spoil his fun, which put him at ease. Ward wanted to show little miss prissy that he meant business so he pushed Kerri into the living room. 

 Kerri stumbled in an effort to regain her balance. She watched the student approach and noticed his bulging muscles and the evil grin on his face. "No, don't or I'll report you to the authorities," she said, as she could see he was going to touch her. The threat sounded so corny that under different circumstances it would have made her laugh. Then she cowered away from Ward's advance until she came up against the sofa, which halted her retreat. 

 Kerri shuddered as he grabbed her by the blouse and boldly forced her into an upright position on her tiptoes. "Have you ever sucked a man's cock, Teach," he asked in a threatening tone? Then he suddenly pushed her down to her knees in front of his widespread legs. "Now get to work and undo my pants so you can release 'ole woody' into the outside world." 

 He said it in a jokingly manner, but Kerri knew he wasn't kidding. Ward grabbed her shaking hands and placed her palms on the front of his jeans. Then he unbuckled his belt and helped her dainty hands follow through with his vile demands. Once his pants were loosened, Ward quickly shoved them to the floor. 

 Her student was standing mere inches away and Kerri could see the obvious evidence of his excitement, as there was a huge bulge in the front of his shorts. She was afraid to move a muscle and stared in utter amazement when Ward lowered the last remaining obstacle. His ramrod sprang into the open, bouncing wildly in front of her bewildered eyes and she drifted into oblivion. 

 Kerri was stunned by his bold maneuver and she was speechless. "That's it, Teach. Now suck my cock, as it is fucking throbbing for your lips," he declared. "Put it in your hot mouth and suck it, baby." 

 A wicked smile covered his face, as Ward rammed the head of his monster against her tightly closed lips. Ward grabbed handfuls of Kerri's hair and indicated his intense desire for an immediate blowjob. The rough treatment took her by surprise and she opened her mouth to protest, which gave him the window of opportunity he needed. 

 Ward rammed his hard cock into Kerri's open mouth and made her choke, as she tried to keep breathing. "That's it baby, suck my cock with your hot, steamy mouth. Your mouth feels so good on my pecker that I just might shoot my cummy bears down your throat," he said and kept up the constant stream of dirty talk. 

 Instead of the vulgar talk repulsing her, it was quite the opposite. Kerri blushed with embarrassment, as he rammed his rod deeper, and she desperately grabbed for the thick shaft. Her fingers surrounded the burning hardness and attempted to keep it from being rammed down her throat. 

 "Suck, Teach... suck! Yes, do that," Ward voiced his approval. "Suck it hard, Teach. Use that hot mouth of yours, as I can feel my cum almost ready to fill your bitchin' mouth." Ward kept spewing a constant barrage. "Get ready! Your steamy mouth is sucking my cock like a mad woman and I can't last much longer," he uttered and tried hard to prolong the orgasm. The filthy words only incensed her confused mind and Kerri held his potent cock in her delicate hands while he fucked her mouth. 

 Kerri tasted the pre-cum, as it leaked down her throat, and she knew Ward was getting ready to fill her stomach with his burning seed. She tried her best to get his vulgar penis out of her mouth, but it was to no avail, as he was far too strong and determined. 

 "Fuck, Teach, fuck my cock with your lips. Suck it down your fucking throat," he said, as he blasted the first shot of boiling lava. "Swallow my cum and you best get that little pussy of yours ready for my big cock. I'm going to fuck you," he informed her and she shuddered from his threat. "I am going to fuck that cunt like never before so you get it nice and wet for me, do you hear?" The warning was merely a forecast of his intentions, as he wasn't going to give her a choice. 

 Kerri was intent on staying alive and not suffocating, which meant the vile words didn't fully register. She could feel the thick shaft throbbing like mad and knew her blackmailer was going to use her to fulfill his perverted needs. It came so fast and furious that she couldn't swallow fast enough and the thick, white cream trickled from the corners of her mouth. The scene would have gotten rave reviews in any triple-X movie, as her willing mouth milked the big cock until Ward was satisfied. 

 Ward was naked and saw no reason that Kerri shouldn't be so as well. His cock softened just slightly after the wonderful climax and he released his strong hold of Kerri's hair. Then he grabbed her by the shoulders and brought her to a standing position, looking directing into her frightened eyes. 

 She knew he was about to give her more orders, but decided to give it one more try. "Please, don't do any more. It isn't right," she whined in an attempt to raise sympathy. The odd thing that struck Ward was the fact Kerri kept her right hand closed over the long shaft dangling from his loins. He wondered about it and his corrupt mind reasoned that she lusted for his manhood. He attributed her protests as pleas for him to continue. How differently the male mind worked! 

 "Let's get you undressed so I can see that sexy body. Your tits are so big and delicious and I've wanted to get my mouth on them for months," he said and began unbuttoning her blouse. Kerri merely looked down to his nimble fingers and watched her tender flesh become exposed to his hungry eyes. Like earlier, she didn't put up much of a struggle, as he bared her treasures. 

 Watching him admire her nudity, she decided to make one last attempt to get him to reconsider. "Please, Sky, don't do this to me," she whispered and cast her eyes down with guilt. The mistaken identity didn't bother Ward and he simply plunged ahead with his plan. He really didn't give a damn who this Sky was and just wanted to expose the rest of Kerri's raw assets. 

 He stripped the blouse from her body with one swift move and threw it into the far corner of the room. Why she watched the garment fly was a mystery and Kerri tried to remain calm, as the student stripped her dignity. His hands went immediately to her golden globes and within seconds they were bared, which brought a loud moan of delight from Ward's lips. Again he merely threw the lacy bra and his eyes devoured the two gorgeous breasts. The dangling rings drew his stare like powerful magnets. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© "Geez, woman those are the nicest tits I've seen and I bet they taste just as good," he told Kerri without stopping his assault. He began undoing the skirt and soon it was hanging loosely around her waist, waiting for a tiny assist before the garment fell. The striptease happened in slow-motion, as Kerri watched the woolen fabric drape around her flared hips and then slowly slide down the silky path to the floor. 

 Kerri couldn't believe she had worn a garter belt and stockings today of all days because they made her appear sexier. She reasoned it was a practical way to dress, as she could wear nylons and still not have the tight constraints of pantyhose. Ward took a pace back to admire the most adorable sight and he marveled at how erotic the garters made his teach look. His pause was brief. "You are the sexiest professor in the college... in any college. How would you like for this student to fuck your little pussy," he asked? 

 Kerri felt her stomach twist and churn, as the student tortured her with his crude comments. She listened intently to his rambling and for some strange reason yearned for his expected touch. Her emotions headed on an upward spiral because his rough caresses seemed to build an expectation she had trouble controlling. The feeling was foreign to her and Kerri found her body alive and aroused. 

 All of a sudden Ward reached around her torso and grabbed her firm ass-cheeks. He pulled her into his hard muscular body in a tight embrace and kissed her on the mouth. The kiss was a brutal assault and he demonstrated a dire need for her womanly body. Ward conveyed his rising desire and Kerri displayed a willing obedience by opening her mouth, as if returning the mushy kiss with her tongue. 

 Ward boldly attacked with such power and strength that Kerri quickly succumbed to his urgency. She thought the only way to stop the blackmail was to obey Sky's demands. He moved one hand around her flared hip and onto her flat tummy just below her bellybutton. Kerri acted like a faithful puppet and spread her legs, which resulted in a wild fury of action. 

 The hand slithered downward and closed over the growing wetness between Kerri's thighs. Ward violated her soul by pushing his big finger on the bull's-eye. He pressed the shear material into the crevice and the panty crotch turned transparent from the vast pussy juices. Feeling the throbbing clitoris and knowing the drastic effects it would bring, he mashed the bud into the bony pelvis. 

 Kerri jumped and thrust as if she had been jolted by electricity when the cunning student expertly caressed the control button. "No, no... no," she moaned over and over. Her protest was not so much that she wanted him to stop, but more so because she felt betrayal by her own body. 

 "That's it, baby. Fuck my finger, slut. You want it... don't you," he asked? 

 Her lustful actions caused a total devastation. Kerri realized her hips were rocking back and forth and using the dirty finger to fuel the fire building deep inside. "No, no, I can't... don't," she pleaded. 

 "Yes, you can keep feeling my cock like that and it will grow even bigger," Ward whispered. 

 Kerri shuddered when she realized her hand was holding Sky's pecker. She had never acted with such wanton recklessness in her life; yet here she was getting a male aroused with desire by pumping his iron. The shaft was hot and thick and her mind went into a dreamlike state, as she imagined him using it on her. Kerri couldn't go back in time and use her past experiences to retain control of her rising passions, as her insides grew fiery and hot. The volcano was new and completely alien to anything she had experienced. 

 True, she reasoned, the two times with Jim had been hot and intense, but they had been filled with loving and tenderness. This was animalistic. Kerri stroked the long thick shaft with fervor so strong that her mind was delirious. She was totally unfocused and inflamed with lust and desperately pulled his hips forward until the cock-head touched her crotch. Her fingers worked the thin strip of panty out of the way so that the burning pecker grazed her labia, which brought a loud naughty moan from her throat. 

 Kerri gave a little thrust of her hips and she split the soaked lips with the wide head of Sky's cock. The instant reward was heard, as a high-pitched whimper sounded. A spectator would have a hard time telling who was being forced into the evil act, as Kerri was the one who appeared more desperate. With both of them standing, it would be impossible to fulfill Ward's fantasy and he moved to exploit Kerri's sudden insistence for satisfaction. 

 The initial heat of her burning inferno spurred Ward to wrestle Kerri's slender body to the carpet. No instruction was needed, as she landed spread-eagled on the floor. Kerri's eyes were dazed and it appeared she looked upward for the student's help. When her gaze fixed on his manhood, which stood proudly for her perusal, she uttered a string of non-coherent pleas trying to stop the attack. 

 What Kerri was doing wasn't right but for some unexplained reason she couldn't quell the rising tide of desire inside her body. She wanted him to stop yet she also wanted him to strip the remaining bits of clothing still adorning her sweaty torso. It sounded silly, but Kerri reasoned the removal of all of her clothes would give the impending lustful act some decency. Being partially dressed made it seem like she was too wanton and desperate to spare the time to fully disrobe. 

 Ward ogled Kerri's sexy scantily clad body that was immorally displayed and his profound urgency and desire were ready to burst into flames. He reasoned that a woman in control of her moral fiber would close her legs to protect her modesty. Not so with Kerri. Her legs remained obscenely open, framing her open slit in a way to give a clear sexual invitation to her young student. Ward's lust for his lovely teacher soared even higher. 

 He stared at the big boobs that were almost begging for his attention and then complied with the imaginary wish from his teacher. Ward was on his knees and he quickly sucked a hardened nipple into his scorching mouth. The ring gave the bud an erotic effect and his tongue swirled it around and around, bringing a reaction from Kerri every time he did. His fingers pinched the other rose colored petal and his caress gave Kerri a sinking feeling, as he rolled the nipple between his fingertips. 

 Her nipples seemed more easily aroused since the piercing and they throbbed under his touch. Ward was in heaven and he molested the gorgeous tits with the zeal of a rapist, not heeding any of Kerri's protests. He lost all hesitation and jiggled the big breasts with his hands and his damning mouth moved from tip to tip. Each time he devoured a bud, his teeth raked over the hardness bringing a deep moan from the teacher's lips. Ward slowly ran his teeth over the raw nipple and Kerri suffered every time he bit down just hard enough to bring a mixture of pain and lust. 

 The foreplay had Ward fully erect and he deemed it was time to consummate the union. With haste, he slipped his naked body between the rudely splayed thighs and then grabbed the narrow panty crotch. Ward tugged on the soaked material and buried the thin strip in the immense wetness. Kerri's body jerked wildly and her mind struggled over whether things could get any worse. 

 Kerri glanced down the front of her nakedness and watched Sky aim the tip of his cock at the intended target. "Oh jeezus... oh no, no, Sky... please," she whispered and then held her breath in anticipation. 

 Ward simply assumed his teacher was delirious. With the material rolled into a thin strip and running between the crudely displayed pussy lips, there was just enough room to squeeze his swollen cock into the heated passageway. Ward embedded his big cock with one powerful shove and held briefly to take pleasure in the most memorable moment. 

 Any remaining dignity was robbed when Ward suddenly began pumping in and out of Kerri's tight cunt. Her body went into severe convulsions and her mind was corrupted by the sin of succumbing to what she allowed her young student to do. The spasms were so strong, so overpowering that they shook Kerri to the core and she thrust unwittingly to meet his demands. She thought the student held all of the cards and there was no choice but to comply with his blackmail demands. Her parents must not see the incriminating pictures and the only way out was this sexual encounter with Sky. 

 Ward was thoroughly amazed at the fury Kerri displayed. The dream of fucking his sexy teacher was realized and it was far beyond any of his expectations. He assumed complete control by pounding his cock into Kerri so hard that it brought beastlike noises. Both drifted into their own fantasy worlds and it was total self-gratification for each. The movie of the teacher having sex with her student would sell a thousand copies, as the erotic scenes were spellbinding. Animal sounds echoed throughout the room and bare skin slapping against bare skin could be heard, as Kerri clung to his masculine body. 

 Ward had dated many girls, but this was his first taste of an older woman. He had to admit that sex with Kerri far surpassed any with his younger girlfriends. She seemed to lose all inhibitions and her constant pleas for him to stop were taken as token cries to ease her guilty mind. Hearing her whisper the protests only inflamed his lust-filled brain to the nth degree. 

 Kerri fucked him with an equal passion. She matched his intensity and the melting pot inside her epicenter gathered beaucoup quantity of juices as both climaxed. Kerri balanced on the mountaintop when her orgasm took all her decency away and she gave her womanly body to the young student. Explosions rocked her lithe frame and she rolled her head from side to side. "No, Sky no, this isn't right," she moaned aloud before turning to a whisper. "Oh, I can't stop... please don't'. Don't do that with your thingie... it's so deep inside... oh gawd, so deep." 

 "Baby, oh baby, fuck me... fuck me," Ward said, not caring what Kerri called him. 

 She remained lost in the immoral lust, as her subconscious mind continued. "No, your co... your coooo, oh Sky, please don't," she pleaded, but couldn't bring herself to say the dirty words even when they sounded erotic coming from his mouth. 

 The orgasm consumed her soul and Ward showed no mercy, as he fucked her with unbridled passion. He rammed his cock to the hilt with every thrust and Kerri's muscles gripped the thickness with all her might. "Fuck me, baby! Fuck me with your tight cunt, Teach. Yes! Yes, fuck yes," he said and the filthy words echoed in her brain. 

 "Aaah, aaah." 

 "Fuck, push that cunt up. Let me sink my hard cock in your belly," Ward demanded. 

 Kerri obeyed despite the shame. "Ooohhh, ooohhh." 

 "Can you feel my cum shooting into your cunt. I can feel your juices coating my prick," Ward whispered. "You fuck like a real whore. Do you know that?" 

 His words destroyed any self-respect Kerri may have had left. She felt dirty and used, but her hips thrust madly trying to aid in Sky's fulfillment. Her hips bucked like a wild bronco and Ward rode her to the end. Sweat covered their tired bodies and Ward felt a pang of sadness when his emotions started rolling down the far side. He didn't want the intercourse to end so he reluctantly paused his pumping and just held onto Kerri's exhausted body. 

 As her temperature slowly declined and her heart rate reached a relatively normal level, Kerri had to know for sure. "Ward? Are you Sky," she asked tentatively. 

 Ward rose up slightly and looked directly into her bewildered eyes. "What the hell are you talking about? Sky? You mentioned that name earlier, but I just brushed it off, as a mistake," he stated. "I thought he was some old boyfriend." 

 Her world crumbled. Obviously the student wasn't Sky and now she compounded her problem with a huge blunder. If he wasn't Sky, then who was, she wondered? Suddenly she was no closer to the truth and felt like kicking herself because Ward wasn't the blackmailer who held the pictures and tapes. Kerri shook with fear, as the fatal error seemed overwhelming, and she realized one more student surprisingly controlled her destiny. 

 At first it was only Sky who had made her surrender. Now Kerri was under the spell and control of Ward, Wendy, Jim and Sky. Sobs raked her body and tears filled her eyes, as the realization hit. "No, no, I'm sorry, it's just... it's only... I was...," she sobbed and tired to apologize for her tears and sadness. 

 Ward put his arm around Kerri and he tried to comfort her by making light of the situation. "Hey, it wasn't that bad... was it," he asked? He kept the tone cheerful and hugged her closer. "My girlfriends don't usually cry after we make love." 

 Her motherly instincts took over right away. "No, it's not you. I'm sorry for being a baby," Kerri replied, trying to excuse her sadness. "I feel bad for taking advantage... being a teacher and fraternizing." The tender embrace gave her a warm feeling, at least momentarily. 

 "You know that no one ever needs to find out about this. I'll certainly hold our affair in confidence," Ward told her. "It's just that I've fantasized about making love to you for months. You're such a beautiful woman." 

 "Thanks... thank you," she responded. 

 Ward wasn't the sensitive type, but realized that using some of it on Kerri would cement a better relationship with his sexy teacher. "I watch you stand up in front of the class and dream about you the rest of the day," he informed the startled woman. His disclosure wasn't exactly true, as any dreams he had were ones of raunchy unrefined sex. When familiar rumbling deep down in his groin happened, he knew it wasn't time to go home yet. 

 Kerri allowed Ward to lay over her and thought he was merely satisfying his dying needs, as she didn't know how to get rid of him. Ward relished in his accomplishment of conquering his adorable teacher. He not only had sex with Kerri, but he was planning to show her his perverted side. With no expected interruptions, Ward felt secure being in Kerri's home and he pressed forward. 

 Ward felt his cock soften and shrink after the powerful orgasm and he needed rejuvenation. "You suck cock real good, Teach. It's time to get me hard again," he said, as he pinned Kerri's arms down. Ward loved using her title often because he deemed the humiliation would enslave her under his devious control. 

 Kerri's stomach did a flip-flop. 'Surely he can't be serious,' she thought. Then Ward rolled upward and shoved his crotch at her. He grabbed his cock and held it in Kerri's face, as he rubbed the wet knob across her cheek. Kerri held her lips tightly sealed and was determined to regain a measure of control over the sordid affair. "Nooonoo... nooo, no more," she pleaded. 

 Ward grabbed her by the hair, twisting and turning her head to the side until her eyes begged him to be gentle. Then he jerked the handful of her long blonde tresses and grinned when he forced her lips to open. Keeping her face turned sideways, Ward relished the look of anguish on Kerri's face when he stuffed the head of his cock into her mouth. 

 Kerri's arms flailed out to the sides, as the softened cock filled her mouth. She choked back tears and reluctantly decided the only recourse and way out was to obey. The pungent smell of raw sex drifted up her nostrils and she shuddered with the realization that the odor was pussy juices. It was extremely humiliating knowing she was now sucking the cock that had been buried inside her vagina. 

 Kerri was at a loss for words to describe how degraded she felt. Suddenly the meat, which was bent and twisted, started to jerk and pulse. She couldn't really see his cock and the fear of him suffocating her made her react. Kerri brought her hands up and she fumbled, as she grabbed the base of his cock and pushed the swollen balls to the side. She gasped many times trying to breathe and tried to retain some control over what Ward did to her. 

 Jolts of energy shot through the monster and she felt Ward jerking his pelvic muscles in an effort to renew his virility. The lengthy shaft slowly began to harden and Kerri had to put her small hand around it so Ward wouldn't ram the head down her throat. In an effort to stop the assault, she inadvertently massaged his cock with one hand and brushed against his bag with the other, which Ward deciphered as romantic caresses. 

 Kerri was amazed by how quickly Ward's cock came alive. She thought furiously about ways to get away from his attack, but deep inside she knew nothing would work. When Ward watched the beautiful teacher suck his cock, his evil mind filled with dreams of humiliating her even more. His muscular hips quivered and thrust wildly, as he used Kerri's mouth to renew his passion. The scene was overly erotic with her tight grip on his penis and his balls swinging freely back and forth just below her chin. 

 The excitement climbed steadily upward and Ward's big ramrod got harder by the minute, as he kept the bulbous head buried in Kerri's hot mouth. She wrapped her tiny fist around the first few inches of the long shaft but that gave double action to his cock, inflaming his mind even higher. Ward looked down and watched the long, blonde lochs flow down Kerri's naked back. He brushed the hair off her face so he could watch her humiliation, as she performed the demanded blowjob. 

 Ward held her hair behind her head and fucked her mouth like it was his very own, prized possession. "Suck it, baby. Yeah, you suck cock like a real pro," he whispered. "Grab my balls and feel the load of cum I'm going to blast all over your petty face." 

 Kerri could only shake her head, as the cock-head threatened to go down her throat, and mumble some sounds. "Mmmmm... mmmm." 

 "You're going to suck me off and I'm going to watch you rub my cum all over your smutty body, Teach," Ward said. 

 Kerri felt helpless against the powerful young man. He held her head firmly over his cock and pumped his hips like he was fucking a cunt. She could feel his temperature rise and knew he was getting close to a dreaded climax. Her mind was already made up and Kerri determined that the best way out was to satisfy the man's wishes. Then she tasted the awful precum and realized the end was near. 

 "I'm getting ready to cum. When I tell you... pull my cock out of your hot mouth," Ward hissed through clinched teeth, as he tried prolonging the wonderful sensations. "When I shoot my load... I want you to fire the white shit all over your face... your hair... your tits." 

 Kerri tried to comprehend what the man was saying, but before she had time to react, Ward's orgasm exploded with a fury. It was pure instinct to pull the pulsating cock out of her mouth and Ward let it happen. Once her lips were free, the sticky cum shot far and wide, much to his vulgar elation. Ward tightened the muscles at the base of his pecker every couple of seconds and then jettisoned blasts of thick white cream into the air. 

 The first blast made her choke and the only thing she worried about was breathing. Kerri felt the slimy blobs of cum coat her body exactly as Ward had promised, but she wasn't able to evade any of it. She sobbed from being made to sink to the lowest levels and remained in a submissive kneeling position, allowing Ward to fulfill his perverted fantasy. 

 Kerri closed her eyes and wished she wasn't there. Surely she must look like a whore who just satisfied a customer and Ward added to her final insult by coating his finger with semen; then wiping it into her mouth. The humiliation was complete and Kerri remained obedient, as she let her student scoop the remaining thick gobs between her open lips. 

 "I think you swallow cum better than any woman I have been with," Ward said and smiled with satisfaction. "We will have to do this many more times, my beautiful Teach, as you have one hell of a sexy body." Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© Further shame washed over the guilt-ridden teacher. "No, no... no." 

 "It may take a week to get another hardon," Ward said and laughed out loud. Without any regard for Kerri's feelings, he moved away and allowed her to slump onto the carpet. 

 Kerri watched the student gather his discarded clothes and she felt more pangs of guilt for not turning away. The one obvious fact she had to admit was that Ward had a very muscular body, but she almost giggled when she noticed the soft noodle swinging back and forth between his thighs. She never really heard his parting words, as the relief of him going was too great. 

 Kerri acted out of politeness and followed him to the door like the perfect hostess. Ward departed and she let out a big sigh of relief when the door closed. She collapsed with her back against the door and stood still with her eyes closed, as if trying to make the horrible nightmare go away. 'Oh, why did I assume he was Sky,' she asked. 

 Then she remained motionless, as the waves of regret for the past couple of hours flashed through her head. It had been enough that she succumbed to his trickery, but then she pictured the extreme orgasm brought on by the clever student. Kerri readily agreed that Ward now held the cards, which would force her to submit to any future blackmail just to keep the incriminating evidence from becoming public knowledge. 

 Suddenly Kerri recalled what happened when news reporters got wind of this type of forbidden affair. There had been recent stories on television about a female teacher who seduced one of her innocent young male students. Shivers went up and down her back when she realized that people always believed the teacher was guilty even before any of the facts were revealed. The one troubling detail was that most men fantasized of having an affair with their beautiful teacher, which frightened her a lot. 

 *** 

 Kerri tossed and turned all night and didn't sleep well at all. She reluctantly got out of bed in the morning and went through the motions of getting ready for school. Her distraught mind kept retracing events of the night before and every time she remembered an erotic detail, she blushed with embarrassment. Kerri jumped into the shower and when she rubbed soap all over her burning flesh, she imagined Ward doing the same thing. She seemed possessed by a demon and the demon wasn't satisfied until she became sexually aroused. 

 When it came time to depart for work, Kerri was relieved to get out of the house. She did her best to push the distasteful actions to the back of her mind, which enabled the time to pass fairly easily. Once she got to the college, it was much easier to forget. She got immersed in her classroom and so involved in lessons that she forgot about Ward, at least temporarily. 

 It wasn't until third class that Ward came into her classroom. The student boldly walked straight up to the desk at the front of the room and confronted his teacher. "You are one hot teacher. I had a fantastic time last night," he whispered very softly so no one else could hear. 

 Kerri was positive her face turned every shade of red and she was infuriated. "Don't say anything here... in school. People may hear," she replied with a deadly serious expression. 

 Ward simply looked at her with a devilish grin on his face and said nothing more. He turned and strolled straight to his assigned seat and Kerri was positive everyone noticed her blushing face. She felt her temperature rise drastically because of her anger and she didn't look away from the departed student until he sat down. Strange as it seemed, Kerri actually wished the student was 'Sky' so she only had one man to deal with instead of two. 

 Somehow she got through the rest of the day without any more distressing things happening, but that changed when she left the college. Kerri half expected to see Ward after classes, yet she was surprised when it was Wendy who approached her. The tall slim student came right up to her, as Kerri neared her car, and the girl's dark steely eyes shattered her delicate confidence. 

 Kerri was stunned and she listened passively, as the girl spoke. "Tomorrow evening my sorority is conducting an initiation. You are going to be there," Wendy informed the startled teacher. "It starts at 7 o'clock and you and Robin W. are going to be initiated." 

 Kerri stood in utter silence when Wendy went on to inform her about the small sorority. The girl explained how she wanted Kerri inducted into the exclusive alliance. Wendy tried to calm any fears by telling her that it was a mere ritual that was so simple and basic that it was no big deal. Then she made it perfectly clear to Kerri that she wouldn't take 'no' for an answer. 

 Just the hint of Wendy using the incriminating evidence against Kerri was enough to convince her. She listened, as the girl explained how she would pick her up at fifteen minutes to seven and drive to the sorority house. Kerri was speechless when Wendy turned and walked away and she felt powerless against the dominating girl. A strange sensation started swirling around in her tummy and then Kerri remembered being in the staff washroom with Wendy. 

 The incident answered some lifelong questions for Kerri. She often wondered what she would do if another woman touched her or if a situation arose where someone seduced her. What probably bothered Kerri most was hearing the girl tell her that she was a 'true lesbian.' More guilt filled her mind when she thought of what it would be like if Wendy did kiss her down there like she promised. 

 Then Kerri vowed that something so drastic could never happen to her even with the threat of blackmail. She was alone with her thoughts. The drive home was somber and she was all wrapped up in a dreamland fantasy that got her more confused by the minute. 

 *** 

 Kerri did her best to keep her mind off the scheduled rendezvous with her young students. The night was the longest ever and by morning it was impossible to get the dreaded initiation out of her head. She assumed nothing too drastic should happen because there would be many others around and secondly there were two being initiated so that made her feel a little better. 

 Kerri dressed for work and images of the young student kept flashing into her head. The thought of going through the ceremony did scare her, as a person just didn't know what young people would do these days. She pictured the other victim, Robin, and felt a little better knowing that the girl was shy and timid. Kerri concluded she was stronger and more capable of withstanding the ritual than the weaker Robin. 

 The daily routine at the college was a welcome relief and Kerri got completely engrossed in her classes, which eased the turmoil to some degree. Everything went smoothly and before she knew it, the day was over. The drive home was good and it wasn't until she got inside the house that the frightening thoughts returned. She must have looked at her watch every two minutes and the time seemed to go slow until the witching hour neared. About 6:30 Kerri dressed in her most conservative gray suit, which she hoped would indicate that she was acting in a purely professional manner. 

 When Wendy came to the door to pick her up, Kerri watched and marveled at the girl's youthful beauty. She had a boyish silhouette, but it was quite evident that she was a girl. Her eyes were the darkest brown and they made Kerri's knees weak every time the girl stared at her. Wendy had a gorgeous girlish face and her breasts were not large, but they were definitely highlighted by enlarged nipples most of the time. 

 For some undaunted reason, Kerri felt overpowered by the young student. She was at a loss to understand why the girl's blackmail scheme made her agree to become part of the planned initiation. Her days of that sort of thing were long gone and Kerri was perplexed that these young girls wanted an older teacher in join their sorority? 

 Kerri opened the door, just as Wendy approached, and they proceeded to the car without a word. She shuddered when the passenger door was held open for her and it felt like she was out on a date. Wendy closed the door and smiled with the knowledge that her innocent teacher was a sacrificial lamb being led to slaughter. 

 They chatted casually on the way to the destination. When they arrived, the dominating Wendy repeated the dating protocol and escorted the well-dressed teacher into the dorm house. They entered a dimly lit room, which was full of girls, and suddenly everything came to a standstill. All of the excited girls stared at the supposed submissive teacher and their intimidating leader. 

 Wendy had not instructed Kerri on the proper clothes for the evening, but she knew full well what the teacher would wear. She loved the attire, as the suit made Kerri look like the perfect professor who was more mature than the rest of the girls. Wendy knew that by Kerri giving the impression of being in total control would merely fill the group with a desire to bring a superior down to their level. 

 Wendy grinned when she watched the frightened teacher fidget from being uncomfortable in the strange surroundings. Her heart fluttered, as she imagined the conservatively dressed woman being made to undress and act like a slut. The rendezvous had been well planned by Wendy and all of the girls in the sorority, except the two lambs, Kerri and Robin. 

 Kerri quickly glanced around the room. She noted that most of the girls were students at the college, as she either had them in class or seen them around the school. Wendy held her by the arm and guided her to one of the two easy chairs, which were on one side of the room. Robin was already sitting in one and Kerri was told to sit in the other. 

 Kerri gave a sigh of relief to be sitting and she studied the room to get more familiar with the surroundings. All of the girls had seated themselves around the room in sort of a horseshoe pattern off of the two easy chairs. Robin and Kerri seemed to be center stage and it made them apprehensive and alone. Robin was one of the shyest girls in the school and she wanted desperately to belong. She didn't have any close friends and had made up her mind to do anything so the sorority girls would accept her into their closely-knit group. 

 Wendy had seen the small-town girl type before and she knew they were susceptible to being persuaded into doing almost anything to fit into a girl alliance. She noticed Robin the first day of classes, as the girl had the perfect cheerleader type body. Robin's roommate just happened to be one of the girls in their sorority and she testified to the fact that Robin was truly well built. 

 Being as shy as she was, Robin never allowed herself to be seen naked, but glimpses of her beauty were proof enough. Robin would never admit it, but she had fooled around with both girls and boys during high school. None of the affairs were real serious, but there were a few camping expeditions that turned into small orgies. It was typical peer pressure that forced Robin into those adventures. Although they made her feel guilty at the time, she had to admit they were enjoyable in a physical sense. 

 Robin thought back to last week when she finally got up enough courage to approach Wendy about joining their select group. She was extremely thrilled to be initiated into the sorority, but she was still apprehensive about the upcoming seduction. Wendy outlined a devious plan that she said was the only way Robin would be allowed to join their group. The plan was for Robin to seduce the sacrificial virgin into the fold and then she would become a full- fledge member of the sorority. 

 Wendy explained everything in great detail. The victim was to be Kerri and that the teacher would appear not to be a willing participant. Wendy told Robin that the rest of the girls wanted to see an apparent rape, but one that was in reality just a staged production. She said that Kerri would pretend to act reluctant and non-cooperative so the episode would be more realistic. Wendy stressed that Robin was not to worry about offending Kerri, as the teacher was in on the ruse. 

 Robin's success would be judged by the membership and Wendy told her that the telling sign would be Kerri experiencing an orgasm. Wendy assured the timid girl that her induction was certain if she took the sexy teacher into the land of make believe. She reminded the girl that she would have to be aggressive and domineering if the others were going to believe the fantasy. 

 The fabled initiation scheme came together one evening during a heavy night of drinking. Many of the girls had fantasies about forced sex, nonconsensual sex and even rape, but they all didn't want to live through the real experience. Wendy was the one who came up with the plan yet everyone jumped on board because the bizarre fantasy about forced sex was too hard to resist. 

 Wendy was actually looking forward to gaining Robin's confidence, as she had dreamed of possessing the girl's sexy body. Robin had her hair cut in a pageboy styling and her pale complexion compared to the jet-black hair gave the girl a most attractive appearance. She was about 5'7" and the same height as Wendy, but that's where the similarity stopped. Robin's shape had all of the curves in the right places and the 36C's could easily be D's if one were to measure. She had a tiny waist, but her hips flared to perfect proportions, which gave her the most desirable butt. 

 Wendy often pictured the meek Robin in the nude and she visualized ravishing the poor girl once she became one of the group. She thought initiation night would be the most enjoyable one of her life and one where she would turn two sexy women into slaves. Most of the girls in the fraternity were bi and really didn't practice the lesbian thing that much, except for initiation dates. On the other hand, Wendy stuck exclusively with girls. Her lone experience with an older woman was with Kerri. The washroom affair gave her many sleepless nights, as she couldn't get the memory of the sexy teacher being forced to submit out of her head. 

 Wendy reasoned that by humiliating the woman who most of the girls considered a role model, she would become Kerri's master. A shiver ran through her slender body every time the vision of Kerri's orgasm flashed into her head. Seeing it happen again during the upcoming ritual with Robin forcing herself on the submissive woman was going to be immensely rewarding. 

 The failure to mention all of the proceeding to Robin was done on purpose. Wendy didn't tell the girl that Kerri would be forced to consummate the union into the select society by performing the same ritual on her. All of the other girls agreed that seeing their teacher molest one of her students would be the highlight of the evening. Wendy deduced the final chapter would complete Kerri's humiliation and she would forever have the upper hand with the evidence of teacher-student fraternization. 

 Wendy's imagination ran wild, as she envisioned the sexy Robin going through the throes of an intense orgasm under the lips of the innocent teacher. She could almost taste the sweet nectar of both girls and was determined to realize her fantasies in full. Wendy was smart. She knew Robin wasn't going to refuse the teacher's seduction because it was the only way to successfully complete the initiation. 

 All of the girls formed the customary arc in front of the King and Queen who sat in the comfortable easy chairs. Kerri and Robin sat quietly and waited. Wendy stood directly behind the space between the chairs of the two and brought the meeting to order. There was no need for formalities or any discussion other than what was going to happen. 

 Wendy introduced the two. "On my right is our King for tonight, Mr. Robin. He will be asked to perform cunnilingus on our Queen for the night, Miss. Kerri who is on my left," she told the group of enthusiastic members. 

 All eyes were on the frightened pair. Robin and Kerri sat in the spotlight and briefly looked at each other to see if anyone would chick out. The names given out were a surprise, but not nearly as much as the shock of the term that was given for what was going to happen. 

 Kerri twisted in her chair and tried to rise up, but a firm hand on her shoulder indicated that she was to remain seated. With a little shrug of her shoulders, she sank back into the soft chair. Her mind raced ahead and vividly thought of what it would be like to perform a sexual act in front of so many people. The hand squeezing her right shoulder was enough of a sign for her to realize who was in-charge and that she should remain motionless. 

 "We will get the ceremony underway by asking our King to remove all her clothes so that her Queen can feast on her raving beauty," Wendy stated and ignored the frantic struggles from the older woman. Robin wasn't comfortable with the request, but she was determined to comply with all and every wish of her suitors. Slowly she rose and began removing her garments much to the dismay of her fellow captive. 

 A hush came over the room, as the heavenly treasures were exposed to all of the hungry eyes. Even Robin's roommate was amazed at just how gorgeous her breasts were and how distinguished the areole's were, as they molded outward into hard nipples. Not an eye blinked for fear of missing one glimpse and in a couple of minutes the King was naked, standing before the hushed throng. 

 Robin felt a little more comfortable even though she was nude, as the rest of the girls mumbled praises and compliments. She reluctantly realized taking off her clothes in front of everyone was not as bad as she thought. Robin reasoned it was likely because she was a girl just like everyone else, yet that didn't prevent her being filled with embarrassment. For some ungodly reason, she considered her body as being too fat or too babyish, which made her blush. 

 No one else thought there was anything wrong with Robins' body, as her nudity inflamed their minds. Wendy stared at the girl. "Now that our precious King is naked... we would ask that the Queen be introduced to the wonderment of sex. As we all know, it is the duty of the King to seduce the lovely Queen and show her that she is loved by her subjects," Wendy said. 

 The sordid details filled Kerri with fear. She looked around the room and didn't notice any empathy or tolerance, as the leader continued. "We ask that our King strip the clothes off our Queen and once her genitals are exposed, to demonstrate the love we all feel for her royal status," Wendy stated in a clear concise tone. 

 Kerri panicked when she noted the hush that came over the room. Her head swirled around in circles and she felt dizzy and confused. "When our illustrious King is finished and our beautiful Queen has climaxed, she will then perform the same ritual on our King," Wendy said and shocked the two royals. "When our King has climaxed from the love shown by our Queen, all the servants will adorn both royalty with love and devotion!" 

 Kerri and Robin gasped, but the rest in the heated room grew anxious and sweaty. Any casual observer would have correctly concluded that the upcoming initiation ritual was purely and simply an outright lesbian orgy. All the member girls felt their passions heighten and soar towards an emotional peak. 

 Robin had a sudden twinge of regret for wanting to join the select society, but she quickly ignored any warning signs, as the need to be accepted was too great. Kerri frantically looked for an avenue of escape, but one wasn't apparent to her confused mind. 

 All eyes were on the expectant newbies. Robin was well aware of what she was required to do and she had rehearsed it over and over in her mind. With Wendy as a mentor, she was given many suggestions and ideas on how to fulfill the initiation requirements. Robin slowly moved towards the cowering teacher and felt pangs of sympathy for the frightened woman. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© Kerri's arms came up to protect herself and she paused when she felt Wendy's fingers dig into her shoulders. Robin tenderly brushed the hands to the sides and gingerly reached for the jacket buttons. Her hands were shaking like a leaf, but Robin managed to undo the buttons one at a time. Every time Kerri moved to protest, either Robin pushed her hands away or Wendy put more pressure on her shoulder. 

 Wendy had stressed the need to be aggressive and domineering and Robin did her best to obey the orders. She found the teacher's apparent struggle and protest to be exactly what Wendy described and assumed it was because Kerri possessed a great acting ability. When the jacket was completely undone, Robin quickly stripped the garment to reveal a designer silk blouse. It took her less than a minute to unbutton the blouse and virtually rip it off the bewildered teacher. 

 Robin's confidence soared. Everyone held their breath, as the King ripped the lacy bra from Queen's chest with a fierce jerk and exposed the luscious titties. The swift attack startled Kerri so much that she merely sat in the easy chair and permitted free reign to the naked girl. Kerri stared straight ahead and couldn't help but notice Robin's enlarged breasts, as they swayed enticingly when the girl moved. 

 All of a sudden Robin sat square in Kerri's lap and spread her legs around the teacher's shapely hips. Kerri's protests were silent and merely motions trying to stop the abrupt assault. Her hips twisted and moved, but there was no verbal objection because she was fearful of causing a scene in front of all the girls. Kerri's eyes opened wide when she mouthed some words of protest. "Don't, please don't. Oh, please don't," she whispered and gave the girl a pleading look. 

 It was the most helpless feeling in the world for Kerri, as the enraged young student took over. Robin swooped in like a killer shark and startled the teacher with a demanding kiss. The fervor left little doubt as to what was coming. Kerri simply submitted to the assault and Robin tongued her like a true professional. Their tongues met midstream and the most demanding one quickly conquered the meek. 

 Robin's dainty hand dipped to Kerri's exposed breast and she found the feel of the golden charm extremely enticing. She had never seen or felt a pierced nipple before and she relished the opportunity to fondle the teacher's. The sexual encounter would surprise and amaze everyone in the room, even Wendy who thought she knew Robin. The planned initiation took an enthralling twist. It would become evident that the girl was very different than most women when it came to forced or nonconsensual sex. 

 After being in a heightened aroused state for many minutes, Robin unexpectedly lost all of her inhibitions. She was relaxed in front of the strange girls and being naked for so long didn't feel odd anymore. The thought of being accepted by the fraternity girls and especially Wendy gave her the conviction to break out of her shell. 

 With the abruptness of a rapist, she stood up in front of the whimpering woman and ordered her to stand. Kerri had to look away from the commanding girl and she kept her eyes cast downward when she complied with the order. Her lithe body was shaking from both fear and sobbing and she was powerless to prevent Robin from stripping her skirt. In scant seconds the skirt was removed and tossed across the room. Then the girl had no problem stripping the remaining lace and silk garments to leave the teacher totally naked. 

 Robin was in total control. She almost threw the helpless teacher onto a plush makeshift platform that was setup to be a bed. Kerri put her arms up to protect herself, but the girl was on her instantly. Robin was a tiger. She grabbed one wrist and twisted it behind Kerri's back, which caused enough pain to make the teacher cry out loud. Then she twisted the other wrist behind her own hip so she had an unobstructed view of the lush tits. 

 A cry of protest came from Kerri when Robin's hungry lips closed over a hardened nipple. Sucking the stiff bud deep into her mouth, the girl caressed it with her tongue, rolling it around while paying special attention to the most sensitive tip. Robin toyed with the gold trinket, using the end of her tongue to pull the ring out from the big boob. The result was breathtaking for everyone, as the teacher arched her back as if offering herself to the overbearing girl. 

 It was all new to Robin, but she willingly demonstrated her absolute control. Her sharp teeth bit down hard on the tender bud and brought instant tears. The pain was unbearable and without letup, as Robin shifted her razor-like teeth from one enlarge nipple to the other. A louder cry sounded and all of the girls marveled at the possibility of the nibbling drawing some blood. Then Robin released the captive wrists and seized the two rings with her thumbs and forefingers. 

 Kerri stared through tears at her aching tits, as her nipples appeared twice their normal size. "No, no, please! It hurts... don't hurt me, please," she begged the King. 

 "Shut up Queenie! I'm going to fuck you right in front of all these girls," Robin said, as her pretty face twisted with great pleasure. "As you can tell... I like my sex rough!" 

 Kerri felt absolutely vulnerable against the overly aggressive student. Robin's dominating actions seemed out of character, but then again no one knew what she was really like. The girl favored being treated rough and dominated during affairs and sexual encounters, as that went along with her timid demeanor. Surprisingly no one knew that she also enjoyed being the dominator once in awhile, as that was when Robin lost all inhibitions and restraint. 

 It gave Robin the ultimate feeling of power to be master over her teacher and she became greatly aroused when watching the feeble woman squirm under her touch. The loud cry of pain was mistaken for lust and Robin forced Kerri to continue her cries of protest. The breast and nipple molestation had Kerri's buds throbbing madly with a combination of pain and arousal, but that was only the beginning. 

 All the girls were spellbound, as they watched the once shy student overpower the older woman. They couldn't take their eyes off the naked bodies rolling around on the makeshift bed. Wendy was shocked by Robin's sudden display of supremacy and she was as turned on as the rest of the group, watching the beautiful teacher submit to the humiliation. "Yes, this is the best initiation yet," she whispered to no one in particular. "They will make a wonderful addition to our sorority." 

 Robin's demanding fingers snaked down the front of Kerri's naked torso and quickly found the desired region. With just a mere tap of her fingertips on the milky thighs, Kerri obeyed the silent command by spreading her legs. The fingers immediately went into the wetness and renewed cries for mercy were heard. 

 "Oh, please don't touch me... not there," Kerri pleaded and struggled, as the young student pinned her down. "Not that, no, don't do that," she begged, as Robin performed magic. 

 "Oh my... oh my, you have such a beautiful pussy," Robin whispered. 

 "No, no, your fingers are pinching my clit. You don't know what that does to me," Kerri whispered. 

 The young student knew what she was doing. Robin spread the swollen pussy lips with one hand and totally exposed the key to the city. Her mouth dropped to Kerri's crotch and instantly closed over the top portion of puffy labia. The instant heat of the girl's volcanic mouth brought an urgent objection from Kerri, as the golden ring was sucked deep into the fiery pit. 

 Robin put her fingers on the soft silky thighs and spread them wider, which allowed her to devour the tender clitoris. She used her teeth to caress the elongated bud ever so lightly and the nibbling quickly became very skilled. Robin had to grab the wildly jerking hips and her fingers dug into the lush ass cheeks. 

 Kerri felt the girl's tongue start flicking her clit with furious strokes and the tiny ring only added to the punishment. "Please, don't do that... not here," Kerri begged. Suddenly a long thin finger entered her dripping cunt and curled up to put great pressure on the vulnerable G-spot. The explosion was immediate and powerful spasms rocked Kerri's slender body, as the young student turned her teacher into a wanton slut. 

 Robin sensed the beginning of an orgasm and milked the pussy with her mouth while pumping her finger in and out of the soaked canal. She curled her body into a fully crouched position between Kerri's splayed legs and sucked the clitoris with all her might. Instead of pushing the girl away, Kerri entwined her fingers into the short black hair and guided the mouth to glory. Her body shuddered violently and the skillful mouth robbed her of the last ounce of dignity. 

 Robin waited... and waited... and waited until the precise moment when she knew Kerri was the most vulnerable. Then she closed her teeth on the raw clit and jammed her tongue against the tiny portion of the reddened clitoris, which was deep inside her mouth. She pressed the throbbing bud against the backside of her teeth and a loud cry filled the room. The atomic bomb exploded deep inside Kerri's womanhood and she released her juices into the demanding mouth. 

 The girl sucked as hard as she could and tasted the sweetness of a woman for the very first time, as she drank the cream of ecstasy. Kerri could not believe she had succumbed to the sinister passion with an audience in the room, but she was unable to prevent the violent convulsions rushing through her loins. She needed fulfillment and held onto the young student with all her strength when the untimely orgasm washed over her. 

 A camera caught all of the sordid details of the top-secret initiation and the evidence would be saved in the fraternity's private library. Anyone reviewing the scenes would hear loud uncontrolled cries coming from the distraught teacher, as she went through the throes of a fierce climax. The naked hips thrust wildly at the demanding perpetrator and there was no letup in the shameless assault. 

 Robin licked the pussy like a crazed woman and felt her own desire reaching a heightened plateau. All of the onlookers watched the intense orgasm in awe. Everyone was oblivious to an occasional finger of a nearby spectator who was seeking momentary bliss to her pent up lust by fondling herself. Kerri sobbed in defeat, as her ecstasy soared over the crest and her cream flowed into the hungry mouth with no holding back. 

 The flames of desire slowly diminished inside Kerri's lust riddled mind, but there was no relief. Robin was determined to finalize the ceremony just as Wendy had described in her preliminary speech. Her face was covered with the remnants of Kerri's demise and she got out of the crouched position so she could be face to face with her servant. "Now you are going to suck my twat. Lick the King's ransom," she whispered to the exhausted teacher. 

 Robin savored the newfound glory and power. She knew exactly how to satisfy Wendy's wishes and also those of all the sorority girls. All of sudden she was in control and wanted to take complete advantage of the situation. She leaned forward and kissed the Queen's frightened face, moving to Kerri's ear for a final peck. "Put your hand between my legs and feel my pussy," she commanded the startled woman. 

 When the girl sneakily reached down and captured the tiny golden, clit ring, Kerri realized Robin was serious. Her mouth opened to protest, but no sound came out when the ring was given a definite tug. It seemed Robin had demonstrated her authority and the teacher realized all escape routes were gone. Kerri felt like a little girl caught in the act of doing something wrong and all she could do was utter a few pathetic whimpers, as the dilemma proved overwhelming. 

 The King smiled at the shivering Queen. "You heard our leader say that the Queen was required to worship the King," Robin informed her subject. "I'm so wet... I feel like creaming on your finger right now. I need you." 

 Kerri was filled with shame when her arm moved. She wasn't sure how her hand got between the widely spread legs, but somehow her fingers brushed across the soaked honey-hole. One brief moment Kerri looked to one side and straight into the eyes of the devil. Then her fingers moved despite knowing it was wrong and she couldn't look away from Wendy's demanding stare. First she inserted one finger into the steamy hole and then a second when the girl begged for more. 

 Robin's hips thrashed madly in an effort to complete the ritual. The teacher/ student finger-fucking pleased all of the onlookers and in just a few seconds it was obvious the King was losing control. Kerri sensed that the impending orgasm was extremely close and she looked around the room in a fit of panic, but there was no imminent help close by. Many lust-filled faces greeted her gaze and then her eyes returned to the dark, seductive eyes of the she-devil. 

 Wendy's knowing smile didn't make Kerri feel any better, as the embarrassment from being forced to fondle Robin was too great. Their eyes remained locked and Kerri's tummy churned with the realization of no longer being in control of her own destiny. She was the teacher and the person in-charge while in the classroom, but that meant nothing to the scheming young mistress who demanded complete submission. 

 Suddenly the sounds of a woman overtaken by desire once again filled the small room and Kerri's dainty hand was coated with womanly juices. "Fuck me, fuck me hard... harder," Robin demanded, as the passion increased in her body. 

 Kerri complied with the girl's wishes and thrust her fingers with all the force she could muster. Then she held her fingers inserted as deep as possible and moved her hand vigorously, while holding her thumb over the throbbing clitoris. Kerri's female instincts told her where to caress Robin and she quickly took the girl to the passion peak. Every muscle in Robin's body tensed. The orgasm washed over her core and she was oblivious of being in a room full of girls, as she was taken into never, never-land. 

 The two naked bodies cuddled on the makeshift bed with Robin hugging the soft curves of Kerri's body in a most tender caress. There was a rustle and sounds of people scurrying around the room, as the next chapter was about to unfold. Before either girl could protest, six other girls overwhelmed them. Wendy had secretly issued her instructions and the group obeyed without hesitation. 

 With the desperation of someone having to prolong an orgasm for hours, the girls attacked the royal pair. Three beset upon Kerri and in no time each sucked the rewards like true lesbians. Kerri franticly looked for a way out, but all seemed lost. When she looked to the side, there were naked bodies everywhere. Robin and one of the other girls were locked in erotic pleasure while two others were intimately embracing in a passionate kiss. 

 Suddenly, a hot open mouth closed over hers and Kerri felt an insistent probing. A tongue darted out and pressed into her tightly closed lips, demanding she cooperate with the intruder. Wendy easily overcame the feeble protest and her tongue quickly intertwined with Kerri's, as she lay beside her slave. 

 Things happened fast. Everything was a blur to Kerri, as the three girls took advantage of her inaction. The kiss was hot and wet when Wendy demonstrated her affection and Kerri merely closed her eyes tightly, as she tried to survive the assault. She could see a pinwheel of flashing colors in her darkened eyes and the hungry mouths turned her body into a sea of desire. 

 One mouth toyed with the nipple ring on her left breast while Wendy caressed the other with her skillful fingers. Suddenly the mouth that was raining kisses over her flattened tummy struck a vital blow. All hope was lost when the burning inferno closed over her puffy labia and her mind short-circuited. A tingling sensation rushed through her used body and overwhelmed her mind, as the girls welcomed her into their exclusive club. 

 *** 

 Following another untimely orgasm, Kerri was too distraught to struggle. Her body remained in a constant state of arousal throughout the entire evening and she was simply amazed by how many times the young students made her experience earth-shattering orgasms. The fact she was older, more mature and an upstanding faculty member of the college meant nothing, as the girls turned their teacher into their personal slut. Wendy's plan of gaining full control over her idol was achieved and she now had a lover who would submit to her cruel demands. 

 A final climax punctuated Kerri's frustration, as the king for the evening returned for one last degrading act. She attacked like the king of the jungle and purred when she kissed and licked Kerri's amorous zones. Kerri was oblivious as to who was caressing her tired body until a slender finger entered forbidden territory. She tried to sit up or even roll away from the attacker, but many hands held her captive on her back with her legs spread wide. 

 Kerri tilted her head up and glanced down the front of her naked torso to see Robin's face buried in her crotch. What she couldn't see were the girl's fingers, which were boldly taking unapproved liberties. Kerri cried out loud when the one girl she trusted violated her in the worst way possible. She had heard about anal sex and even dreamed about extreme sexual acts, but she never imagined them happening to her. 

 Robin brusquely sucked the coveted flesh into her fiery mouth and Kerri was unable to stop her hips from matching the girl's passion. "No, no, don't do that, please Robin, no," Kerri pleaded, but to no avail. The fingers of one hand caressed familiar territory, but it was the girl's right hand, which caused the humiliation. Robin's long middle finger, lubricated by the abundant juices, pressed into the backdoor and Kerri's ass was assaulted for the first time in her life. 

 Kerri sobbed and pleaded with Robin to have mercy, but that only intensified the girl's caresses. The other sorority girls spurred her on and Robin didn't disappoint them, as she fingered the helpless prisoner. Kerri felt her stomach churn and quiver when the girl sucked her tender clit and teased the bud with her tongue. Her body belonged to the demanding Robin and Kerri felt disgusted and dishonored because she succumbed to a sex act that was supposed to be immoral. Anal sex was supposed to be painful, but it wasn't. 

 Kerri didn't think there was any more passion or desire left in her exhausted body, but she was proven wrong. Robin was in complete control and she relished the sudden approval and praise from her sorority sisters because she was taking the initiative with the teacher. She too had been used and abused all of her life, but the deep-rooted thrill of possessing a prohibited fortune spurred her onward. 

 Once again Robin demonstrated her worth to the fraternity and all of the other members paused to watch her overcome Kerri's determined resistance. More than one of the girls fantasized about Robin using their body in a similar fashion. Wendy was shocked by the dramatic show of aggression and she made a mental note to use caution when dealing with the new inductee. 

 Robin was fully occupied with the succulent womanly treasures and one of the other girls joined the fray. The girl quickly coated the areolas of Kerri's unguarded tits with wet saliva and fondled the boobs like a sex-hungry teenager. She squeezed and milked the big firm titties and marveled at the swollen nipples that were raw and about twice their normal size from the earlier abuse. 

 Kerri actually cried, as it felt like a thousand demons were attacking her body all at once, and she uttered bestial sounds when the sexual encounter reached a heightened pitch. More of the royal subjects paid homage to their gorgeous Queen, but not one girl interfered with Robin, as she worshiped the treasures between the splayed legs. The finger-fucking of both holes grew feverish and Robin's fingers were like two small cocks. She clamped her mouth over the top portion of the gushing slit and devoured the throbbing clitoris while pumping her fingers in and out of Kerri's cunt and ass. Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© The sucking and fucking resulted in loud crude sounds that echoed around the room. Robin ate her teacher with a profound skill, which was the envy of those watching. The combination of cunnilingus, finger-fucking and anal sex all at the same time turned Kerri into a wild woman filled with perverted passion. Every muscle in her abused body tensed in an attempt to stop the impending orgasm, but her student felt no pity and never slowed down or letup. 

 Robin rolled the clit around and around and she tried to slap the bud with her tongue. She kept jamming her fingers into the tight holes and ramming her hard knuckles into the soaked crotch until Kerri's body jerked out of control. When Kerri heard the loud cheers, she realized the end was near. An extreme spasm rocked her body and then the rest of the royal membership sensed the Grande Finale. 

 Others wanted to taste the rewards of the newly inducted teacher and they took Kerri into a land she would dream about for years. Sometimes the dreams would haunt her and give her moments of shameful guilt from surrendering to the demands of the many students. Kerri wasn't aware of who was molesting her body other than being conscious of Robin quenching her sexual appetite. Someone kissed her on the lips and she reluctantly responded to the girl's animated tongue. Another nibbled on an extended nipple while her friend used her white ivories on the other to display her need for fulfillment. One girl left red marks all over Kerri's burning flesh and yet another thrust their tongue in and out of her bellybutton. 

 Robin could not remember tasting anything so sweet and enticing. Her mind was a blaze of fiery images, as she was filled with power and glory. The tidal wave flowed from the pit of Kerri's stomach and into the waiting mouth of her King. Kerri uttered several desperate moans, which were swallowed by a kiss, and the sea of desire flooded any remaining sanity, as she reached new heights of ecstasy. 

 Robin sucked her cunt like a woman-gone-wild and she relished bringing a climax to the newly crowned sorority slut. Red welts and bite marks would be a reminder of initiation night and Kerri would forever be a loyal member of the very secret society. The quiet and peaceful minutes following the long ritual were welcomed and Kerri curled into a ball in an attempt to calm her shattered nerves. Each girl transgressed into a world of their own and dreamed of the future, which would hopefully include their beautiful teacher. 

 Kerri felt tired and totally exhausted, but the parting words from Wendy struck a vital nerve, as she realized her future was in the young girl's hands. Wendy reminded her that she was a chartered member of their sorority and required to attend all upcoming functions. "You will be our Queen... now and in the future," the girl whispered. "You will be our faithful Queen for all initiations and it will be your job to service each and every one of the members." 

 THE END 

 Please email me any suggestions or comments as I appreciate what readers have to say about my stories. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© Please email me with your suggestions or comments. This chapter was written for a special reader who gave me ideas of what she would like to see happen to Kerri. 

 A TEACHER'S PAST - PUNISHMENT CAN BE SEVERE 

 Kerri loved teaching at the college and maybe that was why she allowed the blackmail demands to take over her life. Sky had unearthed incriminating evidence of her one-time flirtation with danger and he threatened to reveal it, which would most certainly have a profound effect on her job. The pictures Sky mailed to her mother had punctuated the fact he had no qualms about exposing her Florida experience from a few years ago. Kerri shuddered from the memory of explaining the naked pictures to her shocked mother, but thankfully the pictures had not fallen into her father's hands. 

 It was bad enough that she allowed Sky to get a strangle hold over her and the worst part of it all was that she had no idea who he was. She vowed to be more careful in the future, as she had let her guard down the other day and assumed that Ward, one of her students, was the one doing the blackmailing. A tremor ran down her spine with the memory of what he did to her before she eventually found out he was not Sky. 

 If only the novelty of the nipple piercing would wear off so her nipples could return to normal and not be erect all the time. That day Sky forced her to wear the most revealing blouse to work had been the worst day of her life. Standing up in front of all her students with her breasts showing through the sheer material had taken every ounce of courage she possessed. How she made it through the day was still a mystery. 

 Probably a bigger mystery to her bewildered mind was the way she succumbed to Wendy's shocking demands. It was the first time in her life that she allowed another woman to touch her there, or down there, she thought with utter embarrassment. It was totally unbelievable that she experienced such a powerful orgasm right in the school's washroom and it still bothered her. Every time Wendy looked at her after that day, Kerri felt her stomach tie-up in knots. 

 Kerri was determined to regain a measure of control over her shattered life and stop the insane pressures put on her by Sky, Ward and Wendy. All the tension and nervousness were taking a toll on Kerri and one day it all came rushing to a head. The students were being unreasonable and many acted out of control, which frustrated Kerri and pushed her to the breaking point. After listening and trying to get them to be quiet and return to the subject at hand, she snapped at the first student who said a word. 

 Cory was one of her better students and one who worked hard to keep his grades at a high standard. He innocently spoke to an adjacent student and Kerri mistook his actions. "Cory! Don't be so dense and stop disrupting the class with your incessant babbling," she yelled at the shocked student. "I've asked numerous times for quiet and order, but still you misbehave." 

 Cory felt the wrath of embarrassment in front of his many friends. He blushed from being scolded and from being singled out when in reality he did very little to interrupt the class. He stared intently at his teacher and vowed deep inside to get even with her. Cory stewed for the next few minutes until the bell rang and it was time to change classes. 

 When all of the students filed out of the classroom, Cory pulled some of his closest friends off to one side. He mentioned how he planned to extract revenge on Kerri and everyone voiced his or her approval. Then it took him a meager few minutes to formulate a plan to get even with his gorgeous teacher and his friends were in total agreement of making Kerri pay. 

 *** 

 Kerri felt real bad for humiliating Cory in front of the class, but at the time she wasn't thinking straight. She realized he was not an instigator and was probably caught by mistake, as her temper flared. Oh well, she thought, he would get over it and she would make sure to apologize later. The problem with her theory was that she would have no time to carry it out. 

 Cory and his friends left right after classes and jumped into his buddy's SUV. There were five students who usually hung out together and today would give them something special to do as a group. The tight-knit gang consisted of Cory and his girlfriend Sally who was sitting in the middle between Cory and Gary in the backseat. Keith was driving and his girlfriend Lori sat beside him in the front. 

 Cory quickly outlined his plan to the others and they all readily agreed with it, even chuckling in favor and approval. They waited patiently in the parking lot for Kerri to exit the college and the plan went into effect when she did. 

 The SUV lurched forward and came abreast of Kerri, as she strolled towards her car. Cory suddenly thrust the door open when Kerri was beside him and he jumped out of the vehicle to grab her by the shoulders. The event happened so fast that Kerri really didn't have time to struggle or evade the swift abduction. She was taken completely off guard by the act and roughly pushed into the backseat of the auto, falling face first over Sally and Gary's laps. 

 Kerri put her arms out to stop her fall and felt Cory release his grip on her upper body, as he pushed her butt further into the vehicle's interior. In a matter of seconds, Kerri found herself laying face down over the laps of Cory's friends and her legs pinned firmly so she couldn't move. 

 Cory jumped back into the auto and forced Kerri's knees down to the floor between his own and Sally's legs. His clever maneuver kept Kerri's thighs held tightly between the two strong students while Sally and Gary easily held her upper body down with their hands. Kerri attempted to struggle with all her might, but her squirming was futile and quickly halted. 

 Kerri didn't say anything at first because of the demeaning way she had treated her student, but suddenly she was slightly afraid by the intimidating show of force. She remained pinned so tightly in the crammed seat that it was impossible to escape, which filled her with a feeling of helplessness. 

 A loud scream burst from her throat, as Cory's hand stroked her backside in a threatening manner. The two in the front seat shouted encouragement and Keith quickly drove away from the scene. Kerri tried desperately to lift her head and she cried out for the students to stop the attack at once. Her cries became muffled when Gary roughly pushed her face into his lap and his legs stifled any sounds. Fear filled Kerri's head, as she felt the unwanted caress of Cory shoving his hand all the way up her skirt. 

 "So you felt like a hero today in class when you embarrassed the shit out of me, hey Teach," Cory said to the frightened teacher. "Well let's see how you like it when it is done to you." 

 Kerri twisted and turned but nothing helped. "Huuummm, huuummm," she moaned. 

 "Do you know what I think," Cory asked? "I think you should get a spanking for being such a bad, bad girl in class." 

 Kerri was filled with the fear of God. When the first slap struck her backside, her heart almost stopped from the shock. She was dumbfounded by the sudden assault and merely remained silent, as a second and third slap stuck her butt. The bondage of Cory, Sally and Gary prevented any drastic movement and Kerri abruptly broke out in tears. Her tears flowed like a river, as the spanking was extremely embarrassing. 

 She was a grown woman who was being treated like a little child for breaking the rules. The humiliation of being spanked was too great and Kerri sobbed out loud. If her heart didn't stop when Cory gave her the smacks on the ass, it certainly did when Sally spoke. "No, I think a spanking should be administered on a baby's bare bum," she whispered. "Don't you think so?" 

 It was a good thing Gary muffled Kerri's protests, as they got considerably louder when her skirt was lifted. Her struggles were futile, as she twisted her hips one way and then the other, but she couldn't stop the girl. Sally had all the freedom in the world to carry out her demon plan. Suddenly there was a hushed silence in the tight confines of the backseat when Sally rolled the skirt material all the way up to the teacher's slim waist. 

 The gorgeous flesh was exposed and a pair of shear panties only covered the bare ass. All of the boys held their breath when the sound of Sally's initial slaps echoed through the car and turned the exposed skin around the panties a pretty pink. After just three or four whacks, Sally brazenly grabbed the elastic waistband, which brought a most desperate plea from the teary-eyed teacher. "Please, oh please, don't do that," Kerri begged, as she knew what the student had planned. 

 In a flash, Sally whipped the ivory colored panty over the flared hips and down to Kerri's knees. She looked at her boyfriend and indicated that it was his turn to administer punishment. Kerri felt the cool air wash over her bare ass and she began to cry harder in hopes of garnering sympathy from the group, which would enable her to get free. "Now we can spank the naughty girl and pay her back for the fucking embarrassment she caused me in class," Cory informed his excited friends. 

 The first hard slap left a white handprint on the naked butt cheeks and the cry from Kerri's lips got much louder. Then Cory rained slap after slap on her exposed flesh and all she could do was whimper and sob, as the pain increased with each blow. Kerri received a royal spanking from her enraged student and her lithe body was raked with sob after sob. Nobody had ever treated her in such a vile manner and Kerri was fully distraught by the awful punishment. 

 The spanking was the most humiliation Kerri had ever suffered. She cried out for Cory to stop and her total focus was on him and not Sally or Gary. Suddenly a big hand was inside her blouse and then Gary was groping her boob. His fingers surrounded a swollen nipple and he immediately seized the little ring attached to the hardened tip. "Wow, I saw these beauties that day in class when she wore that see-through blouse, but I didn't realize they were so firm," Gary informed his attentive friends. "I can hardly wait to suck these hard nipples... fuck, the damn little rings make her tits feel purely wonderful." 

 Gary proceeded to squeeze the enlarged nipple and all the while twisted the little ring between his fingertips. Not to be outdone, Sally slipped her hand under the nude hips and sought to find her teacher's control button, which she knew was in the valley of lust between Kerri's legs. It would quickly become evident to everyone who was actually in-charge of the students. 

 Kerri thought the spanking was the most demeaning thing ever, but she abruptly discovered things could get worse. Sally had a dark side and she was determined to humiliate Kerri much more severely than her boyfriend's punishment. After what felt like an eternity, the pounding stopped and Kerri felt the tremendous heat consume her ass cheeks, as her bum throbbed from the intense pain. 

 Relief washed over her frustrated mind when a hand tenderly caressed her burning butt. "Don't worry, Teach, you won't be hurt too bad... only fucked beyond your wildest dreams," Cory whispered, as he laughed out loud. 

 Everyone laughed except the distraught teacher. All of the boys fantasized about having sex with the gorgeous woman and they wondered if Cory's bold scheming would ever come true. Kerri felt her legs being spread and there was nothing she could do to stop the brazen molestation. "Hey, lookie here," Sally said with a cry of enthusiasm. "The bitch has a pussy ring and she sure must have a good barber, as her twat is clean as a whistle." 

 Kerri tried to close her legs, as she listened to Sally reveal the intimate secrets to the eager crowd, but her struggle was pointless. Sally reached around her naked ass and thrust her fingers into the valley of lust. She attacked from two directions with one hand under and one over Kerri's outstretched torso. There was no escape and Kerri's most private riches were fully exposed from the rear, as she was in a precarious kneeling position. 

 Sally's fingers pierced the soaked slit determined to rob the last bit of resilience from Kerri's confused mind. She pinched the clit-ring between her demanding fingers and pulled the golden trinket out from the wetness. "Geez, the bitch is soaked down there," Sally said, as her voice shook and quivered with excitement. Her fingers took all the liberties in the world without any concern for Kerri's wishes. "I think I'm going to fuck this cunt and get it ready for some hard cocks!" 

 Kerri was positive she was going to pass out. The fingers seized the raw clitoris and rolled the bud around like a marble in oil. An evil smile adorned the girl's face, as she watched the shapely hips squirm wildly, unable to get away from the molesting caresses. "No, no, stop... please stop," Kerri pleaded. 

 Sally put the clit between her fingers and squeezed. She put intense pressure on the throbbing morsel and rolled it around and around as fast as she could. There was no letup or reprieve, as Sally continued the clitoris stimulation, and soon she noticed a telltale sign. "God damn, the bitch is cumming... creaming my fingers," she whispered. 

 Sally's startling disclosure to the excited group sent panic through Kerri. She heard the profound truth and never realized what was happening until it was too late. The girl rolled the tender clit around vigorously in the abundant juices and the ring only aided in Kerri's downfall, as it held the hood spread to expose her slippery bud. Kerri willed her emotions to remain under control, but it didn't do any good, as her hips shivered wildly over Sally's lap. 

 When the skilled finger entered the overheated volcano, the tip pressed hard on the sensitive G-spot. Sally knew exactly how to push a woman over the top. She molested the throbbing clitty with one hand and caressed the ribbed spot with the other until the geyser erupted with a fury. The explosions were demoralizing and Kerri's first orgasm cleansed her soul without any regard that the SUV was filled with her students. 

 Sobs shook Kerri's slender body. She had never been so shamed by her actions and being made to climax in the backseat of the automobile was extremely degrading. She found it totally unbelievable that she could have sex in a car as a grown woman and be deprived of all decency by a villainous girl and boy. The severe vibrations rocked her body, as Sally yanked the untimely orgasm from the deepest regions of Kerri's being while Gary pinched both throbbing nipples. 

 *** 

 All of a sudden Cory realized something about his gorgeous teacher. "Holy shit, Ward must not have been bs'ing us when he said he fucked Miss T.," he said in a most excited tone. "He said she had a pierced cunt and that he fucked her at her home." Cory's face showed his excitement when he informed his friends and all the while Sally's fingers performed supreme magic. 

 After hearing what Cory said, Sally swiftly moved her right hand to Kerri's hair. Her fingers glistened with moisture, as she grabbed a handful of golden lochs and roughly jerked the teacher's head from Gary's lap. The shocking hair pulling silenced Kerri for a brief moment and Sally forced her head up so high that it severely arched Kerri's back. 

 Leaning forward, Sally put her mouth next to Kerri's ear. "So is that true? Ward fucked you right in your own house," she asked and jerked the hair. 

 Kerri refused to say a word and remained still with her back arched. Her heart started beating rapidly, as she wondered what would happen if they found out the truth? Then Kerri vowed never to disclose what happened the day Ward came to her place. "Nothing... it was nothing," she moaned. 

 Sally jerked on the hair again. "So you want to play games, hey Teach? Well I love a challenge," the girl said with a mocking tone to her voice. Without warning Sally released the grip on Kerri's hair and proceeded to turn the naked ass into a brilliant crimson color, as she spanked the teacher with far more power than was necessary. Slap after slap rained down on the flaming ass and even Sally's friends were amazed by the sudden show of force when red welts formed on the velvety flesh. 

 Sally beat the poor teacher in a sadistic manner much to the delight of her boyfriend and Kerri's lithe body shook violently from crying so hard. Gary held her over his lap and watched his friend administer the demoralizing spanking. "I asked you a question and you were a bad, bad girl for not answering your Master," Sally whispered. "Just remember... if you lie or don't tell me the truth... you'll get another spanking." 

 There were two or three more slaps and then the girl stopped. Nothing as severe or radical had ever happened to Kerri in her lifetime; even when she was a child, as her parents didn't use this form of punishment. Kerri cried loud and found it impossible to voice her protests because she was sobbing so hard. 

 Suddenly Sally grabbed another handful of hair and bent Kerri's back like she did earlier. "I asked... did Ward fuck you in your home like he bragged about in school," she asked? Sally felt the body shake and tremble, but she waited a few seconds and then spanked Kerri with all of the strength in her arm. 

 The profound slaps echoed throughout the vehicle and Kerri answered immediately. "Yes... yes," she moaned with a sob of defeat. 

 "Since you have been a bad girl... you'll have to tell me what Ward did to you," Sally stated, as the grin on her face got bigger. 

 Kerri's mind was totally confused. The intense spanking had turned her into a submissive shell of the woman who left the classroom a short while ago. Her mind wanted to give up. Kerri was completely overwhelmed by the powerful girl, and she was prepared to be a slave to Sally as long as there was no more punishment. 

 Sally was clever. She decided to wait a few extra seconds for Kerri to re- compose herself before she continued. "I asked you a question and there better be an answer right away," Sally whispered. "And I want you to call me 'Master' whenever you speak to me... is that clear?" There was a momentary silence and then a resounding smack sounded. 

 Kerri began talking, as demanded by her dominating student. "He made me," she stated and paused a second or two. "Master... he made me suck his cock. He did 'it' in my mouth." Her voice was a mere whisper and Kerri hoped Sally understood. 

 "And," Sally asked and motioned like she was going to continue the spanking on the bruised bum-cheeks. 

 No more prodding was needed, as Kerri blurted out the events of that fateful afternoon. "Then he, he... he," she whispered and felt a poke in the ribs from the demanding student. "Then we had sex, Master. He fucked me with his hard cock right in my living room." Kerri felt much better because she knew it was what Sally wanted to hear. 

 "That's nice. What else happened? Did he shot his load deep inside your pussy? Did he make you have an orgasm?" Sally kept her lips right next to Kerri's ear and then she entwined her fingers in the long strands of hair. 

 Kerri found a way to continue despite the dire wrenching in her guts. "Yes, he filled me with sperm and then made me climax all over his cock," she declared and sobbed out of control, as the bewildered students leaned closer to hear everything. 

 Without any more encouragement from the student, Kerry added to her own mayhem, which seemed to make her feel vindicated. "He fucked me with his big cock and I couldn't hold back. He forced me to climax... he wouldn't stop. Oh gawd, he was so deep... I've never had anyone that deep and I didn't know what to do," Kerri said, recanting her sins to the engrossed group of students. 

 A brainwave hit Sally and she decided to press the beaten teacher for more tidbits of information. "So have you fucked any other students," she asked? Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© Kerri felt like crawling into a dark hole to escape the girl's domination. When Sally moved in a threatening manner, as if to give Kerri another spanking, the confession came out freely. "Yes... yes," she whispered and the whole gang suddenly got extremely quiet. She felt a quick jab in the ribs and knew Sally wanted more. "I did it with... with Jim K.," Kerri said, shuddering with disgust when the startling revelation came out. 

 "Geez, holy fuck, you did it with that geek?" Sally laughed out loud and everyone laughed with her. "How many times? How many times did you fuck Jim?" 

 "Twice, but he forced me to do it," Kerri blurted out, almost like making an excuse. She didn't think things could get any worse or more degrading than they were at that very moment. 

 "This is getting better all the time," Sally said to no one in particular. "Have you done anything with any other students from the class?" Sally wanted more dirt to hold over her teacher and knew Kerri would tell her anything. When there was no response from the Kerri, Sally decided to see if she could make the teacher confess more. She released the hold on Kerri's hair and quickly slapped the still blazing ass. 

 The words flowed instantly. "Yes... I have with Wendy," Kerri cried out and everyone's breathing stopped, as they waited for the rest of the story. 

 "You did what with butch Wendy? She's the biggest dyke in the school," Sally proclaimed and made a threatening move to make Kerri talk. 

 "Wendy took me into the staff washroom and she... she... she," Kerri whispered, but didn't know how to admit the sins. A quick glance at Sally's stern face was all Kerri needed and she spoke in a soft meek voice, as she couldn't take another spanking. "She took my panties off and fingered me... did it in the washroom." 

 Kerri looked at Sally for approval. When she noticed a big frown in the girl's face, she knew Sally wasn't satisfied and wanted more sordid details. "She finger-fucked me... pulled my clitty until I orgasmed. I shouldn't have... not let her do it. I feel so guilty... I'm sorry," she whispered, feeling more embarrassed than ever before. 

 Kerri was distraught and knew all of the students heard the awful confession. Why she revealed more of her true feelings would remain a mystery. "Wendy said she was going to make me touch her body... do that thing to her. She said that if I didn't do 'it' with her, she would inform the faculty about the washroom sex so that I would lose my job," Kerri said, with a relief of having the sinful episode out in the open. "She kept my panties and I had to walk around all day with nothing on under my skirt." 

 The students hung on every word. "When is the dyke going to see you again," Sally asked? 

 "Friday after school. She told me that she would come over to my place and that I was going to taste her... her you know what," Kerri replied. The idea of having the young lesbian over to her place made her apprehensive and troubled. She glanced at the dominating Sally and somehow felt the girl could solve her dilemma. 

 The caresses happened before she realized what Sally was doing. The girl rubbed the burning bum with her loving hand and lingered on the small space between the tightly clinched thighs. Kerri was on her knees and it was impossible to protect her exposed crotch, as the girl's daring finger went straight to the steamy hole. The penetration was the crudest and most humiliating thing in the world and it gave Sally a trill to have such immense power. 

 It was funny how the pain inflicted on Kerri's backside earlier was transmitted into her loins. She felt like there was a fire inside her tummy and her mind merely wanted to stop the suffering. Kerri assumed the only way out was to surrender to the overpowering students. Once her mind made the revelation, her body turned into a burning inferno with intense flames licking at her internal core. 

 "So you like girls, too," Sally asked? "Did the bitch Wendy do this to you?" 

 The girl didn't wait and yanked the pink clitty out of the soaked lips. Kerri shook her head in a feeble protest. "Huuummm, huuummm," she moaned. 

 "Tell me, did Wendy squeeze your little clit like this," Sally asked and twirled the slippery clitoris around as fast as she could. 

 "She put... put her fingers in my pussy... made me have an orgasm right in the washroom," Kerri said, as her hips thrust wildly in unison with Sally's demanding fingers. 

 "Oh geez, this is one appealing clit. Just look at her ass twitch when I do this to her cunt," Sally said to her enthralled friends. In a most vulgar fashion, she rammed the middle finger of one hand into the leaking honey-hole and squeezed the clit with the fingers of her other hand, as she had done earlier. The hips jerked from side to side, but there was no escape or respite from the skillful molestation. 

 Kerri felt immense shame, as her hips rocked frantically, and then a familiar telltale sign rattled through her midsection. Her resolve was gone. She didn't dare say anything for fear of another humiliating punishment and simply tried to endure the girl's assault. 

 "I think you should invite us to your place for some fun," Sally whispered. "Don't you?" 

 Kerri saw no way out of her quandary. She remained quiet for a few seconds and then agreed with the strong young girl. "Yes, Master," she replied, hoping Sally would show some compassion. 

 Her clit was on fire and Kerri wondered how such vulgar and disgraceful actions could get her aroused with strong desire. Even though there was no out of control orgasm or climax, Kerri's body succumbed to the intimidating molestation by shuddering and having her inner regions endure continuous spasms. Sally milked the cream from her teacher's loins and she made her perform like a possessed slut. 

 *** 

 Sally's talents and how she took complete control of the professor amazed all the others. Kerri whispered her address when requested and Keith drove like a madman towards the destination. The guys were fully aware of what might happen once they got to Kerri's place and the anticipation was making them crazy with lust. All three had rock-hard cocks, as they visualized having sex with their teacher, and each young man knew Kerri would be easy prey for his lustful desires after hearing the earlier incriminating evidence. 

 They soon pulled into Kerri's driveway and Keith brought the SUV to a stop. Reluctantly, the three in the backseat released their hold on the captive teacher and Sally ordered her to get dressed so they could get out of the auto. Her fingers were shaking so bad that Kerri had a hard time putting her clothes back in order so helpful hands assisted her. Once ready, Sally took over and everyone got out of the vehicle and followed the teacher to the door. Kerri found it quite difficult to walk as her ass hurt so badly and the memory of what Sally did to her was still very fresh in her mind. 

 Allowing Kerri to unlock the door and enter, the students followed her into the neat and tidy bungalow. She just hoped that none of her neighbors saw what was happening, as surely she looked a mess. Once inside, Sally whispered to the others to proceed into the interior, as she wanted to talk briefly with Kerri before they went in. A wink at Cory told him she was up to something and it was most likely going to benefit them all so he motioned to the other three to follow him. 

 Sally had given Cory a glimpse of what her plan was while still in the vehicle and he explained it to Keith, Lori and Gary. They were supposed to leave all the details to Sally, as she promised to turn the professional teacher into their fuck toy. Cory had no problems with it and merely told the three that Sally was going to call the shots. 

 Kerri held up in the entryway and Sally came face to face with her, making her tremble in fear. "Now I am going to explain the rules to you. If you are a real good girl, nothing drastic will happen to you," Sally started to explain. "You know that your job and future will be destroyed if the faculty or anyone for that matter finds out that you have been fucking around with your students." 

 Sally paused and let the words sink into the distraught teacher. "You will always address me as 'Master',' she whispered. "Do you understand?" 

 Kerri felt the young woman pinch her upper arm, as an indication she wanted her to say something. "Yes," Kerri whispered, but then Sally pinched harder. "Yes, Master. Yes Master, I understand." She tried to stare at the girl, but had to lower her eyes when the humiliation got stronger. Kerri felt ashamed and dishonored and gazed down at the floor with the realization her life was suddenly in the hands of the young student. 

 "We are going to join the others and when we do, you will do as I say," Sally told the humble woman. "I will tell you exactly what to do and when to do it." 

 Kerri simply nodded and waited for the girl to continue. "Of course... because you have been a very... very... bad girl, I will have to give you another spanking," Sally whispered, which brought an immediate protest from Kerri. 

 "Please, oh please, not that. I just can't take another spanking," Kerri pleaded. 

 Sally glared at the teacher. "What did I tell you? I said you will always call me Master. Didn't I say that and here you go disobeying my strict order," she stated in a very stern tone. "I really don't think you understand!" 

 Kerri watched the girl turn toward the front door and grab the doorknob. Sally turned the knob and opened the door slightly. "If that's the way you want it, then I'll leave. You can imagine what I'll tell everyone," she whispered. "Yes, I'll tell people about our teacher and how she loves having sex with her students." Then Sally opened the door all the way, as if she was leaving. 

 "Wait! Please... please wait," Kerri said. 

 Sally wanted to crush the determined teacher and remove any lingering strands of faith Kerri might have of regaining control. She wanted a conquered and obedient slave to fulfill her sadistic tendencies. "Wait? Wait," she replied. 

 "Okay. Okay Master, I'll do whatever you say. Please don't go," Kerri said in a soft, broken tone. 

 The dramatization was perfect. Sally appeared reluctant and hesitant, as she slowly closed the door and turned to face the timid teacher. "That is much better. Every time you forget, I'll be there to remind you with a spanking," Sally said. "Now let's join the rest and see if you can be a perfect slave for my friends." 

 Sally wheeled about and entered the living room. She left Kerri standing in the entryway and went directly to the easy chair, which she planned using for her throne. "Come over here, my precious devotee. I want you on my lap. You've been a bad girl and need a spanking for not obeying my directions," she stated in a clear concise voice. The girl sat boldly upright in the chair and stared straight at the shivering woman. 

 The order shook Kerri to the core and she had trouble shuffling across the room with wobbly legs. She stood before the young girl and paused briefly until Sally lost her patience. "Lift your skirt up! Lower your panties!" The demand was frightening and Kerri froze. "You have been a very naughty girl and you know what we do to naughty girls?" 

 Kerri couldn't look at the girl. She lowered her eyes and her fingers moved. Kerri reasoned that it was best not to make her master too mad. She slowly brought the hem of her skirt up to her waist, holding it there with one hand. Then she reluctantly pinched the elastic waistband of her shear panty and rolled the garment down to her knees. All eyes in the room were captivated by the grown woman standing before her Master with her bare ass exposed. The picture of the teacher taking off her panties was the sexiest sight in the world. 

 The performance was overpowering to all the rest who couldn't take their perverted eyes off the pair. Cory was stunned by his girlfriend's sudden power and how Sally seemed to be able to make their teacher do whatever she wished. Seeing Kerri slumping down to lay across Sally's lap and leaving her bare ass exposed for the taking was about the most erotic spectacle he had ever seen. Cory overlooked the sobbing that came from Kerri's lips and he pondered the action that was on the horizon. 

 It had to be the most degrading, embarrassing moment in her lifetime, as Kerri succumbed to the girl's demands. Sally even held Kerri's hand tenderly and guided the teacher onto her lap so that her nakedness was perfectly displayed. Kerri's breathing came in short, rapid gasps when she waited for the deserved chastisement from her newfound Master. 

 The sight of the beautiful woman stretched out over Sally's knees was absolutely breath taking. When the first blow struck, everyone felt the agony of the poor teacher. Sally was much more gently this time and the spanking was just a show of force to indicate who was in control. Kerri cried out after each spank, but most of it was because her flesh was still sore and tender from the earlier punishment. 

 When Sally finished her demonstration of superiority, she placed her hand over the fiery ass and rubbed with loving care, which delighted all of her friends. The rubbing felt soothing and quickly brought a sigh of relief from Kerri who was determined to do whatever the Master wanted as long as the spanking stopped. 

 Sally had never really experimented with girls and the bi perspective had not interested her until now. For some mysterious reason, seeing the sobbing woman so vulnerable and submissive was thoroughly arousing and it caused her inner regions to quiver with spasms of desire like never before. Sally had never forced herself on another person before and all of a sudden her power and control over Kerri was profound. Although the experience was more than she ever dreamed, she felt a strong sense of sympathy towards her passive subject. 

 If the prior scene surprised everyone, it didn't compare to what happened. Kerri twisted her body and reached up to hug the dominating girl. "I'm so sorry for being a bad girl. I won't do it again," she whispered. 

 Sally's reaction was an automatic reflex when she bent forward and kissed the tearful woman on the lips. At first both sets of lips were tightly closed, testing the terrain, but then Sally felt the urge to open hers. The demanding tongue pushed into Kerri's lips and dared her to open her mouth. Then Sally's tongue quickly swirled around and jabbed in and out to simulate a sexual encounter. 

 Kerri felt the girl's urgency and she surrendered to the growing passion. Keith and Lori were totally turned-on by the erotic lust and they hugged each other with a familiarity of having been lovers for over a year. Both were fully aroused and they began stripping each other's clothes, frantically trying to satisfy pent up desires. They chose the sofa for their sexual foreplay and quickly were locked in an intense embrace. Cory and Gary were oblivious of their two friends and were completely focused on Kerri and Sally. 

 Cory watched with great anticipation, as his girlfriend deftly removed Kerri's jacket and silk blouse to leave the teacher with only a lacy bra. The only sounds in the room were the heavy breathing of the four bodies now locked in heated embraces. Cory dearly wanted to jump into the fray, but the thought of watching the two girls kept him pinned in his seat. 

 Gary leaned closer to his buddy. "Geez, look at that kiss. I think Sal's fucking her with her tongue," he moaned and grabbed his crotch. 

 There was no need for a reply, as Cory stared at the two with a fire building in his belly and he knew exactly what his girlfriend planned. When Sally popped the big titty out of the lacy holder, both boys groaned in agony, as they wanted to taste the delicious treasure. Teasing and enticing her friends, Sally groped the soft breast and squeezed it so that the enlarged nipple stood out prominently. Then she swiftly ripped the flimsy bra from Kerri's chest and attacked both tits with a fury. 

 Sally felt enraged by what was happening and she didn't seem to be able to calm the fiery passion rising from deep within. She enjoyed sex with Cory and found it extremely rewarding, but this was different. Being the aggressor and the initiator of the erotic embraces seemed to add to the pleasure and Sally was intently aware of what the caresses were doing to her aroused follower. Kerri arched her back and held her chest out to receive the loyal caresses and her moans replaced the earlier sobs. 

 In the back of her mind Kerri knew there were other people in the room, but it really didn't matter. She truly didn't know what came over her, as her fingers went to the restrictive clothing of her Master. Kerri knew she was pleasing Sally and she promptly rolled the cotton t-shirt up the girl's torso. Sally cooperated fully and raised her arms to allow the garment to be removed, which only left the uplifting bra covering her nakedness. 

 As soon as the shirt was tossed aside, Sally's hands returned to Kerri's body and both women easily stripped the remaining dignity from the teacher. In a flash, Kerri was entirely naked when her skirt and sandals were cast aside like dirty laundry. All hands then concentrated on Sally's remaining clothing, which turned out to be a most dramatic display of teenage passion. Sally struggled with her pants and then her undies, which gave the impression of a young, inexperienced girl attempting to disrobe in the heat of passion. 

 When they were naked as jaybirds, the grown woman fell into Sally's open arms. Cory had seen his girlfriend's naked body many times, but none of those times compared to how thrilled he was at that moment. His eyes opened so wide that they hurt, as Sally spread her legs to allow Kerri access to her most private domain. Kerry instantly thrust her hand downward to the area between the splayed legs and she discovered the most alluring dampness. 

 Sally's face flushed a brilliant red, as the embarrassment of being extremely wet was absolutely shocking. She desperately wanted to stop Kerri or at least show her down, but the feeling was so intense that she allowed the teacher to continue. Being touched and caressed by another woman was weird, yet wonderful at the same time, and it somehow aroused her emotions to a feverish pitch. 

 Kerri was filled with great anxiety and nervousness. She searched the soaked lips, caressing them between her fingers before splitting the wetness with her middle finger. The boys heard the sloppy sound of her finger rubbing the vulnerable clitoris vigorously back and forth in the vast juices. Sally was unable to stop her hips from thrusting madly over the soft cushion of the easy chair and Kerri never hesitated in her assault. She sensed the happiness this brought to her Master and it made her rub even harder on the exposed clitty. 

 "Oh, God what are you doing?" Sally asked, but knew the answer when her hips rocked wildly. "Oh yes, yes," she moaned, as the teacher took her into uncharted territory. No woman had ever so much as touched her down there let alone turned her loins into a pool of ecstasy and Sally didn't know how to prolong the impending orgasm. All she knew was that if Kerri didn't slow down or stop the molestation, she would cream like a wanton slut. 

 Suddenly, Sally's body stiffened and she laid back into the chair, forcing her thighs together in a futile attempt to stay or halt the rising tide. Kerri kept her fingers buried deeply between the puffy labia and her middle finger never left the pulsating clit. It throbbed under her caress and the tender bud was forced hard against the bony pelvis, as she rolled it briskly around and around. 

 Sally grinded her teeth and held her breath in a last ditch attempt to stop the floodwaters, but the orgasm burst from her soul like a gusher from the heart of the earth. She forced herself back into the soft cushions with all her might and Kerri innocently dropped her mouth to a waiting rosebud. When her teeth closed over the tiny pebble, Sally's orgasm exploded with a furor, which left her weak and dizzy. Feeling Sally body quiver under her loving mouth and fingers, Kerri felt the satisfaction of pleasing the most powerful student. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© Sally didn't know what had come over her when the earth-shaking orgasm was pulled from the nucleus of her womanhood. For some unexplained reason she gazed at Cory for his assistance, as she was unfamiliar with such strong convulsions which were consuming her inner regions. Explosions rocked her sexy body and the spasms seemed to go on forever. Even when having sex with Cory, she would keep a measure of self-control and never totally released her emotions. This time Sally was lost in lust and overwhelmed by the intense fervor. 

 Cory was unaware of Sally's dilemma because his sole awareness was on what Kerri was doing to his girlfriend. Watching the dainty fingers roll the exposed clit so fast they were just a blur was turning his cock into steel. He had to admit that Sally was crying for something and he was oblivious to the fact his girlfriend was experiencing the most explosive orgasm of her life. It most likely was the strange situation and circumstances that caused the climax to be so intense, but his male ego would never understand it. 

 Keith and Lori were in the midst of satisfying their sexual needs, as well. All the while they were making love to each other, their eyes never left the two naked women. Seeing the suddenly dominating teacher possess their naked friend made them both jealous and they wished for equal patronage. Keith blew his hot lava deep inside his girl and fantasized of making love to his teacher. Lori was not a girl lover, but seeing Sally dominated by another woman gave her second thoughts of what it might be like. 

 Cory and Gary bided their time waiting for the bodies to quiet, as they knew it would soon be their turn. Things had proceeded much differently than the plan outlined by Sally, but the boys were easily able to adapt. It wouldn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what to do when sex was the lone subject. Their one-tracked minds were focused on self-gratification and Kerri would be the means to that end. 

 With Kerri continuing to rob Sally of every bit of decency she had left, Cory moved in for the kill. He simply rolled the excited teacher on top of Sally's outstretched body, finding enough room between the sweaty body and the arm of the chair. Luckily it was a big chair with wide, cushioned arms, which allowed both girls to fit in the foamy seat with very little weight being on top of Sally's slender body. Sally wanted to scream at her boyfriend to stop his madness or at least let her get away from the action. 

 Cory was possessed with lust and his mind wasn't working smoothly. He was determined to fuck Kerri right where she was and he attacked. The fear written all over Kerri's pretty face was fuel for his desire and then Gary voiced his encouragement. "Fuck the slut," he whispered to his friend and even moved in closer to assist Cory. "Let's bang Teach!" 

 Sally realized that Cory was about to fuck the woman while she herself was right there. It was degrading and inconsiderate yet still she lay absolutely motionless, letting Cory do as he pleased. "I want to see you put your big cock in her... make her sorry for what she did to you this afternoon," Sally whispered to her beau, as she recovered somewhat from the unexpected orgasm. 

 Kerri lay trembling in the soft chair. Her sweaty body was pressed into a tight space with the chair arm on one side and Sally on the other. "No, no, no, oh please, don't do this to me," she begged, but there was no sympathy in the room. 

 Cory moved his feet between Kerri's legs and pried them apart, standing brazenly between them. She didn't have enough hands to cover her private parts and her small hands did little to hide the immense treasures. Looking down, Cory noticed the sparse stubble, which had re-grown on her raised pelvis, and the golden trinket that glistened, as it poked out from the sheltering hood. 

 He remained motionless for a few seconds and took in the glorious beauty of Kerri's nakedness, which he and every student had admired for the whole semester. Dreaming of fucking the sexy teacher and fantasizing about it did nothing to prepare Cody for the desire that was building deep inside his groin. His cock stood straight out from his body and Kerri's eyes focused on the weapon with shear fright. "No, no, Cory, I am so sorry for what I said. Please forgive me," she pleaded over and over with her young student. 

 Possessed by the devil, Cory was not listening to anything she said and his stare lingered on the exposed riches within his reach. The impending orgy was proceeding without any map or plan and it was making Cory and everyone else highly aroused and enraged. 

 Kerri couldn't push back into the chair any further. The coarse chair fabric scraped across the welts on her ass that still ached from the punishment given by Sally. Her eyes filled with horror, as she watched her horny student approach with obvious intentions of using his ramrod on her undefended beaches. Grabbing her shapely left leg, Cory spread it wide so that the limb lay over Sally's midsection. Gary did his part by holding Kerri's other leg firmly pressed against the chair's arm. 

 Kerri's legs were spread wide and splayed in vulgar fashion, as Cory aimed his cock at the target. "No... no... no," echoed through the room. The frightened teacher put her arms up and against Cory's chest to prevent him from getting any closer when he bent forward. 

 Sally shifted slightly to her right and moved her face within an inch or two of Kerri's ear. "If you don't put your arms down, I'll turn you over my knee and spank your ass so hard you'll beg to be fucked," she whispered in no uncertain terms. 

 Kerri held briefly while the words sank into her terror-ridden brain and then she reluctantly bent her arms in submission. Cory loved what he saw, as the teacher's will was broken and she succumbed to his girlfriend's request. Sally heard the whimpering protests and pleas that were coming from the teacher, but her mind was still too distressed to fully comprehend what Kerri was saying. She needed a few more minutes to re-compose herself into the Master she was when they arrived. 

 The erotic scenes in the sweltering room kept Sally's emotions at a heightened level and also made her a little uncertain. Her desire smoldered waiting for someone to add fuel and Sally watched her boyfriend attack. Cory was entirely focused on the sexy teacher and his obsessive attitude sent pangs of jealousy through her head at first. Then she reasoned that Cory merely wanted to satisfy his inflamed passion by fucking the teacher and nothing else. 

 Sally determined that once Cory's male desire was fulfilled, he would return to normal and be her devoted boyfriend. The sexual scenes that unfolded mesmerized her and she actually felt the intense heat emitted by Cory's aroused body. Glancing down, Sally caught a glimpse of Cory's pecker, as he aimed it at the most vulnerable crotch barely a few inches from her own. 

 Knowing what her boyfriend was like, Sally felt a touch of envy, as he brought the first scream of resistance from the teacher who twisted and turned her hips. Kerri tried to evade the madman's assault, but there wasn't enough room to escape. The weight of Cory's well-built body pinned both women steadfast in the chair and he was in his glory. 

 "No, please, not that. Please, not your big cock, not in... inside. No, noooo," Kerri pleaded with the student. 

 The desperate pleas sounded and it wasn't hard to tell when Cory claimed his prize. In a heartbeat, he pierced the narrow pink slit between Kerri's legs and a louder moan of agony roared through the house. Time had no meaning for the three naked bodies. Cory was captivated by the extreme volcanic heat; Sally was mesmerized by the erotic sight of a hard cock entering a pampered pussy and Kerri was overcome by the intense pain of forced penetration. 

 Cory's lust soared towards a breaking point and he knew his stamina was going to be short-lived. He slowly withdrew his cock and then pushed it to the hilt with one powerful thrust. His wish to be able to pump in an out for an extended time was merely a fantasy and he knew it. Within seconds, the tight heated channel robbed him of any lingering staying power and his pent-up orgasm erupted. 

 His hips quivered like mad and Cory thrust in and out with short rapid strokes. "Fuck her... fuck her, Cory, and make her pay for what happened in the classroom," Gary said, as his enthusiasm soared and he found it hard to curb his excitement. He could tell his buddy was filling the teacher with molten lava and he couldn't resist groping the woman's exposed flesh. 

 Sally had the best vantage point and she watched with extreme amazement when her boyfriend ravaged the crying teacher. Cory consummated the union and released the ounces of demons he kept stored all afternoon. Kerri was forced to endure the debasing form of punishment and she became a pawn for the students' enjoyment, as they were determined to fulfill lewd fantasies. 

 The grief stricken teacher knew her life would never be the same and it all stemmed from her misguided ignorance that afternoon in the classroom. Kerri should never have treated Cory the way she did and she felt so sorry for what she said to him. All that was in the past and the price she was paying was enormous. 

 For some unexplained reason, Kerri felt an obligation of ensuring Cory's happiness and she stopped her fruitless struggle. Her confused mind reasoned that she had wronged the young student and deserved the punishment he served upon her naked body. It was obvious that she was not going to prevent his using her for his sexual satisfaction and she held her hips upward to allow his cock to reach great depths, which took her breath away. 

 Kerri pinched her eyelids closed. She rocked her head side to side and was unaware whose fingers teased and played with the golden rings attached to her rock-hard nipples. By refusing to watch the molestation, Kerri felt blameless when she was taken much against her will. The one problem with her analysis was there was a rumbling deep inside her epicenter, which further eroded her normally sane reasoning. 

 Cory reached around the rounded hips and desperately dug his fingers into the flaming flesh, as his orgasm roared over the top and he unleashed his venom into Kerri's cunt. Even Sally got some enjoyment out of her boyfriend fucking the innocent teacher, but she didn't feel any sympathy towards the woman. The students only considered their own rewards and never gave seconds thoughts to any suffering that Kerri may feel. 

 The last few thrusts from Cory filled every tiny crevice inside Kerri's dripping pussy and he forced her hips high, enabling his long cock to caress untouched regions. He bucked out of control and rode the crest for as long as he could before collapsing on top of the flustered woman. The wait was worth it and Cory's mind slowly simmered into a quiescent state. 

 Gary kept his fingers closed over Kerri's right breast, which sort of slipped to the side of Cory's sweaty chest. Keith and Lori had moved over near the chair and even though they had satisfied each other's desires, their passions were still yearning for something new. Watching Cory fuck the gorgeous teacher had put Keith's mind into overdrive, filled with perverted fantasies of his girlfriend with Kerri. 

 The earlier performance with Sally and Kerri had fueled Keith's fantasy of seeing Lori with another girl. He had brought the subject up many times while they were having sex, but every time Lori steadfastly refused to even consider the prospect. Scheming and planning for a way to turn his dream into reality, Keith realized his best chance was by recruiting Sally's assistance. She had already demonstrated her control over Kerri and Keith knew Cory would listen to anything his girlfriend proposed. 

 Cory was coming down from cloud nine and was only vaguely aware of Keith talking to Sally, as their whispers were low and mumbled. Sally remained partial under the suffocating weight of the two naked bodies and she squirmed determinedly, trying to get out of the chair. Keith offered her a hand and at the same time enlisted her assistance. "It would be mind-blowing to have Kerri seduce Lori... have her eat pussy in front of us all," he whispered, as he helped Sally out of the easy chair. "She'll fight like hell, but you can make it happen. You know how to talk Lori into anything." 

 Sally's first reaction was that Keith was crazy, but then the sudden request filled her tummy with butterflies. The events that had transpired so far were thoroughly erotic yet the mere mention of forcing Kerri to succumb to lesbian lust was fantastic. Sally knew Lori didn't partake in sex with girls and the challenge of getting two unwilling combatants to unite seemed surreal. 

 Everyone was in a charged state and Sally agreed that Keith's challenge would greatly add to the heightened passions in the room. No one knew it, but she dearly wanted to extract some revenge upon Lori. It was probably only a girl thing, but Sally felt Lori had put the moves on Cory when she wasn't around and that made her mad. Sally had to admit that forcing Lori to do something she thought was sinful would be the pinnacle of revenge and show everyone just how powerful she was. 

 Suddenly Sally felt justified for doling out punishment to Keith's girlfriend. Her mind worked frantically to come up with a viable way to fulfill the fantasy and it didn't take long to think of a little trickery. Sally moved close to her friend and tried to act enthusiastic. "I need you to help me, as I want to humiliate the bitch to the utmost for what she did today," Sally whispered. 

 Lori listened and didn't say a word, as Sally continued. "It is very obvious that Gary wants to fuck the bitch and he can have her as soon as I'm done with her. First though... I want to make our teacher believe she has to eat pussy," she said and paused briefly so Lori could digest what she was saying. "I need you to sit on one side of her while I am on the other. I'll scare the crap out of the bitch and you just help me convince her that I am serious." 

 A devilish smile crossed Sally's face when she explained the charade to Lori. She noticed the immediate protest coming from her friend so she quickly calmed the girl's nervousness. "Don't worry, all you have to do is go along with what I say... just make her think that you are really going to let it happen. I want the slut to think she's going to eat some student pussy." 

 Lori seemed appeased by her friend's explanation and she felt a similar desire to extract some revenge on the teacher for embarrassing Cory. She believed Sally when the girl said that nothing serious would really happen and that all she wanted was to extract some mental anguish from Kerri. Lori thought that making the teacher think she had to molest a student and eat pussy sounded extremely vengeful. She agreed that watching the woman squirm and suffer would be very pleasing. After all, she thought, Gary could have her when the humiliation was complete. 

 Gary was more eager than ever to get his hands on the naked teacher, but Sally told him to hold off until she performed some humiliating deeds on the unsuspecting woman. Once Sally whispered her intensions to him, he was more than willing to bide his time. Seeing more girl on girl action would be dreamlike and certainly worth the wait, as it was every man's dream to watch lesbian lust. 

 Everyone sort of came together in the center of the room and Sally and Lori surrounded the victim. All three moved in unison towards the sofa and sat on the plush cushions with Kerri pinned between the pair of students. Once seated, Sally winked at Keith to let him know everything was a go for his fantasy. Then she brought her face close to Kerri's and began whispering directions to the bewildered woman. "Now you are going to show me how good of a girl you are. You won't need another spanking, will you," Sally asked? 

 The guys moved in closer to the action. Keith sat on the sofa's arm next to his girlfriend and Gary and Cory sat on the other side next to Sally. Throughout the whole ordeal and even when she had sex with her boyfriend, Lori kept her loose fitting t-shirt on for reasons only she understood. She had smaller breasts and felt they were too small for a mature woman. The insecurity wouldn't allow her to completely remove her clothes and the shirt gave her a measure of security in her mind. 

 Because of her devout awareness of her endowment or lack of, Lori's breasts seemed super sensitive whenever she got aroused. Her nipples were tiny, but by no means did that affect their ability to bring her much pleasure during sex. Despite the ends being small, many erotic sensations were packed into the pebble-sized buds. 

 The three cuddled on the sofa. "Lori wants you to feel her tits. If you are a real good girl, you can suck her nipple with your vulgar mouth," Sally whispered in Kerri's ear. 

 Lori's sense of safety was crushed in a fleeting moment. Keith hugged her and seized the bottom of her baggy shirt, raising the garment above her bare tits. Lori struggled without being too obvious, as she really didn't want to expose herself in front of her teacher, but Keith reassured her that she merely had to cooperate for a few minutes. "Babe, your boobs are the greatest... so nice and hard," he moaned. "Let's help Sally... oh fuck, babe, you're hot... so hot." 

 Lori was hesitant and she turned toward Keith. "Please, not here... in front of everyone. Don't let her touch me," she uttered almost under her breath so only her boyfriend could hear. 

 "Don't worry, love, Sally just wants the teacher to pay," he replied. 

 Suddenly the first caress touched her flesh and Lori almost screamed a protest. It took all of her will to hold it in, as she really didn't want to upset her friend Sally or disrupt the intended humiliation. "No, no, please no." Her lips worked, but no sound came out, as she mouthed the desperate plea when the fingers pinched her delicate nipple, which suddenly seemed overly sensitive. 

 Sally had her fingers tightly wrapped in Kerri's hair and her mouth was next to the teacher's ear. She whispered orders, telling Kerri what to do to the squirming student next to her. When the demand came to put her mouth around an illustrious bud, Kerri didn't notice the pained expression etched on Lori's face, as her lips closed over the hard nipple. 

 Keith found the sight truly erotic and the most arousing thing he had ever seen. He hugged his girlfriend's body and virtually forced Lori to remain sitting still, which allowed Kerri freedom to molest the burning flesh. Lori tired to twist and squirm in the soft cushions, but there was no avoiding the crude fondling. 

 Kerri merely followed the directions of her master. Sally kept her lips pressed against the side of Kerri's face and it was easy for her to give orders. She didn't give the teacher time to think and ordered Kerri to suck Lori's tits. 

 When her sharp teeth raked the tip of a tender bud, Kerri felt Lori's chest heave and jerk. Obediently her fingers pinched the neglected nipple and Lori's world was quickly falling apart. The hot mouth was loving and affectionate and the caresses caused her tummy to quiver in anticipation. When a hard bud was sucked deep into the teacher's mouth, Lori arched her back as if offering herself to the demanding woman. 

 Kerri was amazed at the girl-like titties, as they were different than most. She switched from nipple to nipple each time an order sounded in her ear and soon forgot to struggle against Sally's appalling demands, which got more threatening by the minute. Without any warning to Lori, Sally ordered the teacher to slip her hand between the tightly closed thighs of her student. 

 The demands were explicit and extremely direct. Kerri let out whimpers, as she succumbed to the most degrading requests, and she obeyed her master's command. Her body shuddered when her hand slowly slithered down the silky stomach and reached the milky thighs, which were locked together. "No, my god, no! Don't let her... not with... not here," Lori pleaded, as she twisted her head and looked at her boyfriend. "Not here... with Cory, Gary." Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© Keith was so enthralled with what was happening and never listened to a word. "It's okay, honey. Do it for me... for me. You know how much I've wanted to watch you," he said and kissed Lori hard. 

 Lori felt a million fingers on her burning flesh and then her legs were pushed apart. She desperately broke the heated kiss and tilted her head back so she could see her boyfriend's face. "No, honey no, don't let her touch me... not down there," she moaned. 

 Everyone else watched in awe, as the scene intensified and a nonstop verbal dialogue came from the frustrated young woman. "Oh Keith, don't let her do that to my... to my pussy. Her fingers... they're touching my pussy. Oh... oh no, she's sticking her finger into my pussy," Lori whispered to the delight of everyone, as the commentary continued and so did the fingering. 

 "Not that, no, she's touching my clitty... her fingers are on my clitty. Oh no, she's pinching... oh god, it feels so... so...," Lori moaned, searching for the proper words to explain her plight. 

 "Yes, I love you. You know I've wanted to watch you for a long, long time." Keith whispered. 

 "Geez, don't, don't pinch my clit. Rolling... no, no... please don't roll it around like that," she begged the teacher. "Not that... it makes my thingie throb so... madly. Your fingers... when you do that with your fingers." 

 Her friends stared in disbelief, as they watched the skillful fingers roll the exposed clitoris around and around, but Lori couldn't stop talking. "Oh honey, don't let her do that. You know what it does to me," she whispered and used every ounce of compassion to plead with Keith. "I think my nipples are going to burst. Her mouth... god, her mouth is sucking my nipple and it's so hard." 

 The declaration only got everyone's blood boiling. Kerri uttered sob after sob when the next orders were given, but she reluctantly moved to carry out the vile demands. She was determined to do whatever it took at please Sally because the young student could destroy her life if she didn't obey. The degrading molestation of touching another woman's private parts filled her mind with guilt and shame, yet still Kerri cooperated. 

 Kerri hesitated, but eventually her lips worked their way down the girl's wildly quivering midsection. She never heard the things coming from the distraught student's mouth, as Lori rolled back and forth in the sofa cushions. The verbal commentary was continuous and Lori made Keith the happiest man on earth when Kerri's caresses complied with Sally's instructions. "Ooooh, oh, aaaah," Lori moaned. "Don't do that, no, please don't." 

 Lori begged her tormentor, but no one moved to stop the erotic picture show. "Not your tongue, please, don't touch me there with your tongue," she whispered. 

 Kerri thrust her stiff tongue into the wetness. The taste was sort of tangy, but certainly not revolting. She sucked the steamy flesh into her waiting mouth and used her tongue to roll the tiny clit around and around. Kerri felt the hips jerk violently out of control and it gave her a momentary feeling of authority. "No, not your tongue... not like that. Oh geez, that drives me crazy when you lick my clit," Lori stated. 

 Keith stared at his girlfriend and noticed her hips thrust upward at the hungry mouth. He noticed Kerri hold the precious clitty between her teeth and then nibble the morsel until the hips jerked up and down wildly. "Oh baby, you're doing it... you're going to..." Keith moaned and sort of left his statement hanging, as he grabbed his throbbing hardon. 

 "Wow, I think she's making me cum," Lori informed her thoroughly excited boyfriend. "Make her stop. Stop, oh please, stop... or else!" 

 Kerri never imagined performing cunnilingus on any woman after that awful sorority initiation episode, but she obeyed every command like an obedient slave. Using her teeth, she nibbled the protruding clit and the damn burst, flooding the most inner regions of Lori's womanhood. Suddenly the sounds from the student's lips were not recognizable words, but simply loud moans and groans of ecstasy. 

 Gary watched the two women entwined and tangled on the sofa and knew he was seconds away from realizing a dream. The naked body of his teacher had inflamed his desires all evening and he now watched her kneeling between Lori's wide spread legs. The vulgar slurping sounds filled the room and everyone's ears were tuned to the unexpected orgasm unraveling right before their eyes. 

 Lori was totally ashamed for letting her emotions get so far out of control, but she was unable to reel them back in. The explosions robbed her of all decency and her tummy pulsed in and out from the violent convulsions, as her teacher ate her pussy like a true lesbian. The darting tongued dipped between the puffy lips and every time it grazed the clit, Lori's hips displayed the hopelessness of her situation. 

 The undaunted exhibition of lust and passion was the underlying reason Lori had always steadfastly refused to participate in any orgy like Keith kept suggesting. Deep down she knew the intensity of such an encounter would make her appear to be a slut who loved sinful sex with anyone, male or female. The embarrassment of what her body was feeling was immense, but still Lori couldn't calm the violent eruptions from her inner being. 

 Before Kerri had a chance to escape, Gary moved behind the vulnerable teacher, as she took her student through the overpowering ecstasy. Kerri sensed movement to her rear and felt strong fingers suddenly grip her soft, rounded hips. Sally bent over to ensure there was no misconception about what was going to happen next. "You are going to get fucked by one of your students and you better ask him politely to fill your cunt with spunk," Sally whispered. 

 Kerry uttered a few gasps of frustration, as she felt the groping between her thighs. It was fruitless, but never the less she attempted one last plea for pity. "Oh Master, please not like this. Don't let him do it right here in front of everyone," she begged, but knew her plight was hopeless. 

 The head of steel split her soul. Kerri let out the biggest gasp, as all of the air was forced out of her lungs. Her breath held for as long as it took Gary to shove his big cock to the core of Kerri's belly. He roughly jerked the flared hips backward until her bare ass slapped into his crotch, which resulted in lewd sounds echoing throughout the room. His passion was sky-high and Gary quickly began pumping his rod in and out of the tight pussy. 

 Erotic fantasies of orgasms, ecstasy and lust filled his head and Gary fucked the sobbing woman while he watched the aroused expression on Sally's face. Kerri's love channel was unyielding and he felt his cock-head strike a restrictive zone, which brought a moan of protest every time he rammed his pecker to the hilt. Lori inadvertently held the teacher's upper body with her hands and aided Gary in his pursuit for ecstasy. 

 All of a sudden Sally's face showed a devilish expression. She leaned closer to her slave in the quest to humiliate the teacher even more. "Tell us what you want Gary to do to you. Remember to call him your student. I want to hear my teacher say that she wants to get fucked by students," Sally ordered the beaten woman. "I hope you'll be a real good girl so I won't have to spank you." 

 Kerri sobbed but she couldn't say anything. She watched the girl raise her arm in a threatening manner and Sally's hand was completely open for a spanking. Then the girl grabbed the teachers' long hair with one hand and jerked Kerri's head out of Lori's lap. She stared intently into the teary eyes and a big smile of contentment crossed her face, as she heard the sob of defiance come from the teacher. 

 Kerri reluctantly began the degrading statements, knowing it was the only way to prevent being spanked in front of the other students. "Forgive me, Master," Kerri whispered, as her slender body shook when she surrendered her last shred of dignity. "Gary... I mean I want my student to fuuu... fuck me with his hard cock." 

 The declaration was a mere whisper and almost non-audible. "Louder... I want to hear you," Sally said and jabbed the teacher in the ribs. "I want everyone to hear you!" 

 Gary held his cock fully embedded and tried not to move too much so his stamina would last. The doggie style position was perfect and he held Kerri's hips steady when she continued. "Yes, Master. It feels good when my student fucks me... with his hard cock. I can feel his cock spread my pussy," Kerri told the overpowering student. 

 Kerri was doing extremely good at controlling her inner emotions and keeping them at a subdued level. That changed in a heartbeat when Sally's evil intentions destroyed any hope for the teacher's survival. "Can you feel Gary's cock splitting your cunt, slut! You look very vulgar with your legs spread and on your hands and knees," Sally said. "Push back, slut. Push your cunt back onto your student's hard cock so he can bury it in your fucking belly, slut." 

 She didn't mean to move, but Kerri rolled backwards on her knees and she felt the long rod push into her fiery belly. Suddenly Sally jerked Kerri's head up by grabbing a handful of hair and twisted sideways until their eyes locked in an intimidating stare. Taking complete control of the wanton teacher, Sally slowly brought her lips to Kerri's and kissed her hard. At first it was obvious that one was attempting to hold off the persistent attack, but that changed when Gary rammed his cock into the flaming hellhole. 

 Kerri's mouth opened in protest. The kiss instantly got heated to the point where the tongues entwined, which brought whimpering from the teacher. The strong overbearing student broke the passionate embrace and rained wet kisses all over the submissive teacher's face and neck. "Tell me what the cock does to you. I want to hear you say it. How you want to cum all over Gary's cock," Sally whispered. 

 "Huuuummmm, huuuummmm." 

 Sally grabbed both enlarged nipples and used them to swing the luscious tits around in a big circle. "Do you like when I do this to your titties," she asked and squeezed as hard as she could. 

 The resultant cry was low and mournful, as Kerri tried to endure the painful molestation. Sally was in her glory and knew the end was near. "Start talking, slut... or else," she demanded and kept squeezing the nipples. Gary started pumping his pecker in and out and he was on the verge of blasting his seed into the volcano. "I can't hear you, slut!" 

 "His cock... oh Master, his cock is deep... so big. Aaaah, he's so deep inside my pussy. I can feel his cock throbbing inside of me," Kerry moaned and knew it was the only way to stop the domination by her students. The delighted onlookers leaned closer and didn't want to miss a thing. "Aaah, aaah, my nipples... oh gawd, you're... my nipples... oooh, they're so hard." 

 Sally was thrilled by the confession, but she needed more. She yanked on the inflamed nipples and stretched the tits to a profound size. "You're not obeying me. I need to hear more... tell me more. Do you want another spanking," she asked? 

 Kerri didn't wait and she realized what had to be done. "My tits... my cunt... you're making me ready. His cock... my student's cock is deep inside... throbbing and inside of me," she revealed. Her eyes were glassy but she still noticed Sally's intent stare so she continued. "I think... think I'm going to climax... cum." 

 "Yes... you better!" 

 "Oooh, I'm ready... Master, I'm ready." 

 "Good girl." 

 "Dear, oh dear, he's deep... so deep. I can feel his cock... I'm... oh yes, I'm going to." 

 "Yes." 

 "I can't stop... can't stop." 

 "More." 

 "Oooh, oooh, yes, I'm cumming... cumming." 

 "Yes." 

 "Aaaah, aaaah, aaaah," Kerri was forced to mouth the rest, as the ecstasy filled her belly and so did the student. 

 It all happened at once. Gary thrust and pumped in and out like mad, as a thick stream of cum jettisoned from the tip of his cock. The burning lava coated Kerri's inner being and she thrust backwards with an obscene gesture, trying to lubricate Gary's thick meat with womanly juices. Sally seized the exact moment to crush her victim. She slithered her arm under Kerri's shivering stomach and thrust her hand between the milky thighs. When her fingers found the swollen bud, Sally pinched the clit as hard as she could. 

 Kerri's body jerked wildly out of control. It was an orgasm from hell yet she found it impossible to hold anything back. Her guts exploded and the honey flowed freely until the cream seeped out of the tight seal. Gary pounded her with his hard cock and Sally molested her delicate clitty until she almost lost consciousness. The convulsions were powerful and Kerri remained a sex-toy, allowing her student to reap rewards far beyond his wildest dreams. 

 *** 

 "Hurry up!" came the desperate order from Keith as he hovered over the bodies on the sofa. "Hurry up! I'm going to fuck her ass," he informed the stunned group. With the last spasms rocking Kerri's sexy body, she heard the vulgar words and was instantly filled with fear. 

 "No, no, you can't do that. It's wrong, immoral," Kerri pleaded with the student, but realized she was in serious jeopardy of losing her anal virginity. The frantic struggles only added to Gary's immense enjoyment, as Kerri twisted and turned her body in a futile attempt to escape, and he held his ramrod at its deepest penetration. He wanted to prolong the fantastic fuck, but knew he must release Kerri's struggling body. 

 No sooner had the dwindling rod slip from the heated passage than Keith pushed his friend away from the kneeling teacher. Seeing the many red welts still covering Kerri's ass only inflamed Keith's perverted mind more than it already was. "Oh please, please not that," she cried with a desperate tone. "No, no Master. Don't let him do it," Kerri begged Sally, hoping the student would feel sympathy. 

 Kerri could feel movement behind her butt and knew Keith was lining up his manhood at the vulnerable backdoor target. Tormenting her to the utmost, he rubbed the flared head of his cock through the abundant juices leaking from the narrow slit. Keith lubricated the top end of his prick and he never felt such a burning desire to fuck someone. 

 Many hands held Kerri in place and Lori watched with wide, bewildered eyes, as her boyfriend assaulted the humble teacher. Keith's exuberance and desire were raging and he held the quivering hips high in the air. The whole room knew when he had hit his mark, as the scream was ear-shattering. 

 "Noooo, nooooo," Kerri begged the forceful boy who kept her pinned against the sofa while Lori and Sally held her upper body motionless. The head of the big cock pierced the virgin asshole and spread it wide. Kerri cried and tears ran freely down her flushed cheeks when Keith entered uncharted waters, entering her tight cavity inch by inch. It took many seconds, perhaps minutes before the pain subsided for Kerri to relax sufficiently enough for her body to stop shaking. 

 "Geez, she's fucking tight. I can hardly get my cock in," Keith informed his friends. "Hold her steady a little longer. Our teacher is a fucking slut and I'm going to fill her ass with cum." 

 Keith looked straight at his girlfriend. "Hey baby, put your hands on those beautiful tits. Geez, baby, I wish you had big tits like that and those rings sure make the nipples stand up," he whispered, trying to keep his voice under control. 

 Lori listened to her boyfriend's words and what Keith said made her extremely jealous, as she knew her boobies were not nearly as luscious. She vowed to show the bitch and promptly attacked the heaving chest in front of her. 

 The students raped the teacher and turned Kerri into a shadow of the authoritarian professor she was in the classroom. Keith succeeded in penetrating Kerri's tight ass; Lori pinched the hardened nipples with uncaring roughness and Sally spanked the reddened ass-cheeks every time Keith pulled back on the flared hips. They beat and tortured their teacher and Kerri's spirit was broken when she gave in to their demands. 

 She couldn't stop sobbing, as the humiliation and degrading acts were far beyond anything in her past experiences. Kerri's chest was held up high enough to enable Lori's hungry mouth to swoop down and suck a throbbing nipple. The student swirled the golden ring around with her tongue and brought whimpering protests from her beleaguered teacher. 

 It was a mixture of pain and affectionate caresses that Kerri felt and her emotions swung violently back and forth. Sally slapped the tender flesh that was exposed beyond Keith's sweaty body and made the crying teacher jerk with every smack. The last straw came when the fingers slipped under the dripping pelvis and seized the hanging ring. Sally pulled the ring completely out from the protective hood and abruptly extended the raw clitoris beyond the swollen labia. 

 A throbbing cock filled her ass for the first time in her life and Kerri sobbed nonstop, as her students used her body for their own enjoyment. Every sensuous zone on her body was touched and fondled and her mind was lost. The students watched the body shudder and then pause for the longest time, as Kerri tried to resist. Lori feasted on both tits and she left them covered with gobs of spit, as she constantly rolled the nipples between her fingertips. 

 The youthful minds were totally engrossed in humiliating the beaten teacher and forcing Kerri to succumb to every demand. Someone pushed her forward and her upper torso fell on the sofa. The soft cushions muffled the moans of protest, as Keith dug his fingers into Kerri's flared hips and held her ass steady. Every time he thrust his hips forward to embed his cock to the hilt, he pulled her hips back into this crotch with all of his might. Kerri's ass was far too tight to use any speed so Keith used slow, demanding thrusts, as he pumped his iron in and out of her defiled cavity. 

 The molestation reached a feverish pitch and her mind was too confused to follow what was happening. Sally kissed the side of her face while Lori fondled her boobs like a crazed woman. Just as the pain of Keith's rear entry subsided enough for Kerri to relax, his hips jerked out of control and he filled the maiden territory with venomous semen. He pulled her hips back hard and pounded her ass with all the lust he could muster. 

 Another scream was about to erupt from Kerri's throat when Lori straightened and grabbed her by the hair. She twisted the teacher's head and shoved her face inches in front of the sobbing woman. Then Lori kissed the distraught professor and tried to show her compassion, as the anal sex intensified. Each time Keith thrust, he shot cum into Kerri and the extra lubrication worked to his advantage, which enabled him to quicken his rhythm. 

 Cory was rejuvenated and he couldn't sit idle any longer. With Lori and Kerri locked in a heated kiss, he reached under Kerri's chest and seized a long extended nipple, pulling the bud to the side. Cory wanted both boobs, but Lori refused to let go of one, as she cupped the tit and used her sharp nails for effect. Lori dug her nails into the velvety titty and put red welts on the smooth flesh. 

 Lori sensed victory. She let go of the tit and shoved her hand under Kerri's stomach in search for the ultimate control button. Her fingers found the wet puffy lips and instantly pinched the exposed clitoris. Lori used enough force to bring a loud weeping scream to Kerri's lips, but any screech was swallowed by the forced kiss before anyone could hear a protest. 

 The student was a predator. Lori thrust two fingers into the heated pussy and she felt the wild pumping of her boyfriend, as Keith continued pumping his cock in and out of the teacher's ass. Then she curled her fingers and put immense pressure on the sensitive G-spot, jerking her hand back and forth over top of the squashed clitty. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© With the last blasts of cum from the big cock, Keith collapsed over Kerri's rear end, bringing his hands forward to rest on her bare shoulders. The extra weight of her boyfriend's torso forced Lori to abandon her kiss so she concentrated on the pussy assault. The debasing pain was gone and Kerri became aware of her genitals being caressed in what felt like a rewarding manner. When the heavy burden was lifted off her back and Keith rolled onto an empty section of the sofa, Kerri breathed a big sigh. 

 Lori had more freedom and she molested Kerri's imprisoned body, ignoring the childlike whimpering. Kerri's stomach churned and she tried lifting her chest to lessen the rough pinching and squeezing on her aching nipples, but nothing helped. The swollen buds throbbed and much to her amazement, the long slender fingers eroded her resistance to a mere trickle, as Lori performed magic on her pussy. 

 Kerri struggled, as if the students were the enemy, but she was no match for their determined caresses. When a swift spasm shot through her loins, she shuddered in bewilderment thinking the tremor was a fluke. "Wow... look at her ass wiggle when I finger-fuck the slut," Lori whispered. 

 It was incomprehensible and Kerri was filled with shame. She tried to squeeze her thighs together, but it didn't stop the fingers. Despite the relief in the aftermath of what Keith did to her, Kerri was tensed and every muscle in her body tightened. "No, no, please Lori, don't touch me there... don't, please," Kerri pleaded, trying to retain a measure of self-respect. 

 Lori seized the advantage, as she bowed her head and whispered in Kerri's ear. "Don't you want me to squeeze your little clitoris? Like this!" Her skilled fingers were soaked and held the clit firmly. Lori had a free hand and she grabbed a handful of curly hair. She forced Kerri to look into her eyes, as she rolled the enlarged bud around in the plentiful juices. 

 Kerri returned the intense stare, but her nerve disappeared very quickly. The girl never said a word and her eyes demanded obedience. "Touch me... touch my pussy. Aaaahhh, aaaahhh," Kerri moaned when her belly came alive. 

 Lori put her forefinger and middle fingers on either side of the clit and pressed her fingers together until the bud was fully compressed. She vibrated her hand back and forth as fast as she could and glared into the teary eyes. "You know how to make me happy, slut," she whispered. 

 "Oh please, please, don't stop, please do that," Kerri pleaded, knowing she was making the student happy. "My clitty... you're making my clitty feel like it will explode. Your fingers... rub with your fingers." 

 Lori ignited a fuse and relished having it burn down. Kerri's hips rocked when the orgasm erupted deep inside her midsection. Her wish for a reprieve so she could regain control of her shattered emotions went unfulfilled and every nerve ending tingled, as the lust rolled through her mind. Moans and sobs were testament of the teacher's ecstasy and once again Kerri succumbed to the powerful temptations brought on by her students. 

 Cory was fully engulfed by passion and his cock was rock-hard again, as he ogled the teacher's climax. He got temporary satisfaction from fisting the long narrow shaft of his penis while he watched the lesbian lust, but suddenly he needed more. His balls swelled in anticipation and he needed a release in the worst way. Sensing that Lori and Keith were finished with the battered teacher, he fully intended to fulfill his insatiable desire. 

 Cory used brutal force to raise Kerri's upper body high enough so that he could slip beneath her. He took advantage of the distraught teacher, as Kerri suffered great humiliation after the mind-blowing orgasm at the hands of one of her students. Cory easily moved into a seated position, leaving Kerri's naked torso between his widespread legs. His big cock stood menacingly skyward and bobbed mere inches from the startled teacher's face, which left little doubt to what Cory wanted. 

 Kerri struggled madly in an attempt to get free, but Cory was too strong. He put both hands on top of her head and guided her face to the waiting target. Without warning Sally joined her boyfriend. "That's a good girl. You are about to give us a lesson in 'Cocksucking 101' and demonstrate how to swallow a big load of cum," Sally stated. 

 "Uuuuhhhh, uuuuhhh," Kerri moaned, as she held her lips tightly sealed. 

 Cory squeezed her head and wouldn't let Kerri twist or turn her head. Then he rammed the flared head of his missile into her lips. "Beautiful! Now suck the cock like a true professor," Sally ordered, as her boyfriend thrust his hips and jammed the end of his cock in the hot mouth. 

 Kerri brought her hands up to Cory's hips and pushed hard in an effort to move her face away from the menacing cock. In desperation, she twisted her head side-to-side trying to remove the intrusive rod, but Sally cleverly put a stop to her struggles. "Remember, a real slut would not need to be spanked, as she would obey her Master," she said in a threatening tone and raised her hand in the air. 

 All it took was one violent blow to Kerri's reddened butt and her will was broken. The defeated teacher uttered a little whimper and allowed Cory to keep his cock in her mouth. "Yes, yes, suck it, baby... suck my cock. Your hot mouth feels good," Cory said. "I feel like ramming my cock down your throat, Teach... pay you back for what you did to me." 

 His voice was strained and Kerri was afraid she would be suffocated. She reached for the ramrod, closing both hands around the extended shaft. Kerri gripped the cock and she resumed her breathing while allowing her student to fuck her mouth in the most vulgar fashion. 

 The first burst of lava erupted from Cory's pecker after just a few strokes. Kerri choked when the stream of thick cum filled her throat and she swallowed frantically, knowing she had to free her airway. Sally and her friends held the teacher in place and forced her to give a raunchy blowjob to her young student. Kerri's fingers surrounded the cock-shaft and without trying she milked the white liquid out of Cory's loins every time he pumped his hips at her face. 

 A devilish smile crossed his face and Cory swiftly pulled his meat from the succulent mouth. The final convulsions in his loins shot cream onto Kerri's startled face and the globs of cum slowly trickled down her rosy cheeks. Caught by surprise, she simply held the cock and allowed the student to despoil her dignity, much to the delight of others who cheered him on. 

 Emotions and desires eventually dwindled and subsided within the students and Kerri collapsed on the plush sofa in total exhaustion. Her life had taken an unforeseen direction and she was afraid these five students would show up at her door again. A little shiver ran through her tired body with the thought that they could make her do almost anything. She closed her eyes and let the daydreams float through her head. When a picture of a naked teacher standing in front of an entire classroom appeared, Kerri wanted to cry. 

 THE END OF CHAPTER 3 

 There will be a chapter 4 and 5 to follow. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 04 ****** bydawn1958© Please email me with your suggestions or comments. This episode turned out to be long and I will post two chapters to cover the entire storyline. I am writing this story for a special reader who has given me ideas of what should happen to Kerri and I hope they like what I have written. 

 A TEACHER'S PAST - A Parent's Revenge 

 Kerri almost expected to run into Sky every time she went around a corner in the college or whenever she met someone new. She actually welcomed a confrontation with the mystery blackmailer so his identity would be revealed. The unknown and the unexpected were far worse than knowing who the man was that held power over her. 

 Kerri felt extremely vulnerable and blushed thinking of what the evil man had made her do to her body. She had always considered women who had certain parts of their bodies pierced to be shameless hussies, but her opinion changed after being forced to get her nipples pierced. The golden rings dangled from her precious buds and were a constant reminder of being intimidated, which strangely gave her moments of heightened anxiety. Her nervousness grew even more whenever she imagined the piercing done to her lower extremity and she realized that she was no closer to knowing Sky's identity. 

 A wave of frustration washed over Kerri at the memory of how Sky made her dress, which ultimately told every student that their teacher had pierced nipples. She shuddered at the recollection of being forced to reveal her breasts to one student in the staff washroom and how being under the girl's spell turned out to be pure hell. Even worse, Kerri thought, was when she obediently performed for the young experienced lesbian and willingly acted like a wanton woman right in the school's washroom. 

 Kerri could never believe that lust could overcome her like it did and how much pleasure could be attained from such immoral passion. The climax with the young vixen had been the most earth-shattering of her life. Then Kerri remembered the young stud who took advantage of her innocence. What Ward did to her would be imprinted in her mind forever and she wondered if it had changed her from the naïve country girl who came to the college three years ago? Ward certainly showed her a different side of sex and erotic desire that she didn't know existed. 

 Her daydream continued and Kerri wondered if she could ever forget how badly she treated Cory. He was the young student she embarrassed in front of the class and the memory of the price she paid for being so rude would always haunt her. The car ride to hell and back with Cory and his friends had shown Kerri that any woman could act like a slut. Although she tried to forget the sinful episode, the immoral actions kept returning to her dreams. She had many sleepless nights knowing she had been used and abused by each student in the car that day. 

 Possibly the biggest error she made was counting on Sally and Lori to give her a helping hand, as that had surely been a big mistake. The two girls were the ones that seemed to control what went on and even encouraged their boyfriends to have sex with their amorous teacher. Kerri grimaced every time she saw the five students in the college because of the knowing smiles plastered on their faces. Whenever Cory or one of the boys walked past her in the hallway, they faked a spanking and the harrowing experience came rushing back to her. 

 Kerri could still feel the extreme embarrassment caused by Cory's girlfriend. Sally proved overpowering and she had given her the spanking of a lifetime. Kerri had led a sheltered life and she had never been severely punished, until the young students treated her like a spoiled little girl. They spanked her with a vengeance and she would never forget the feeling of total helplessness. 

 Flashbacks and daydreams kept returning to Kerri. At first she had fought the five students, but eventually she agreed to bring them back to her house, allowing them complete freedom. In the sanctity of her very own home, a second spanking left the battered teacher at the mercy of Sally and her friends. Kerri obediently acted out their erotic fantasies and submitted to all of their filthy demands, despite knowing it was wrong. She had cried many times since then, not so much from what she had done, but from the realization of willingly succumbing to heightened desire. 

 The fact that each boy had intercourse with her was bad enough, but the reality of Keith using her forbidden rear entrance filled Kerri with utter turmoil. After that horrid episode, her memory was a blur except for two events. First was when Lori paid homage to the college Prof in dramatic lesbian fashion. An earth-shattering orgasm was the result and it haunted Kerri to know she easily succumbed to the woman's tongue. What bothered her most was knowing that Lori had no previous experience in woman on woman sex yet she made Kerri her slave much to the delight of her boyfriend, Keith. 

 Second was when Cory forced his teacher to suck his rejuvenated cock. He treated Kerri like a woman of the night and blasted his hot lava down her throat. She couldn't stop Cory from ramming his big cock into her mouth like a madman and he forced her to swallow every ounce of his hot cum. Even days later, Kerri wondered if she would ever forget the reckless incident. 

 Much had happened to Kerri since that first note from her blackmailer Sky and it troubled her that she still didn't know his identity. She expected he followed her every move and cursed herself for not being more diligent, especially when dealing with Jim, Ward and Cory. What started out as one man's quest to reveal Kerri's past indiscretions turned into a nightmare for her. By assuming Ward was her tormentor Sky had been a drastic mistake for Kerri and it had definitely worsened her dilemma. 

 Kerri lost count of the number of times she fell asleep crying because the blackmail seemed too daunting. She didn't feel demoralized so much by the way she acted, but rather was disgusted with herself by the way her body betrayed her impeccable and moral upbringing. Kerri was on a slippery slope attempting to keep the incriminating evidence from being revealed and her problem degenerated when more and more people joined the fray. Her conduct and actions at the college had been above reproach and suddenly it seemed that Sky along with certain students controlled her fate. 

 Much to her chagrin, Kerri had to admit she was willing to do anything to save her untarnished reputation. The testament of her decision was how easily the students forced her to carry out sexual affairs that were mere dreams or fantasies from some erotic book of fiction. Kerri vowed to somehow regain control of her life and not fall prey to the persuasiveness of demanding people, especially those who were her students. 

 *** 

 There was a drastic change in her son and Laura Perkins was sure she knew how it came about. Her Jimmy spoke fondly and with much admiration of the school's physics teacher and Laura suspected this had something to do with the strange way he was acting. 

 Laura wanted Jimmy to amount to something and to be somebody; she didn't want some floozy screwing up her dreams. Yes, she concluded, Kerri certainly had a body to die for and she could see why her son worshipped the woman. Laura watched the attractive teacher walk towards her car and she noticed Kerri's well-rounded breasts, which swayed with each step she took. Kerri's attire was fairly conservative and the dark framed glasses added that erotic touch, making her appear like a seductive schoolteacher. 

 Laura made a snap decision, as she acted like a private detective watching the teacher from the safety of her automobile. She would show her if it was the last thing she did and vowed that no common woman was going to use her son for her immoral pleasure. 

 Anyone that knew the Perkins understood how dominating and controlling Jim's mother could be. Laura was most likely the reason the boy was so timid and lacked self-confidence. Experiencing sex for the first time with Kerri had given Jim a reason to expand his horizons and he truly felt a need to show his affection for his loving teacher. Jim's abrupt independence meant he was becoming separated from his mother and Laura didn't like it. 

 Not long after Laura noticed a change in her son's behavior and found out he had a sexual encounter with Kerri, she decided to do more than just watch or standby. "What the hell do you mean? You slept with a teacher... someone you work with?" Mrs. Perkins yelled at her son and the veins in her neck stood out. "Is she some kind of slut... or what?" 

 It always frightened Jim whenever his mother got really mad. He did his best to stick up for his beautiful Kerri and tried to explain the entire affair so that his mother's concerns would be quieted. Anything Jimmy said didn't help and Laura remained determined to find out exactly what intent the evil teacher had when she supposedly seduced her darling boy. Mr. Perkins divorced Laura when Jim was only six and she protected her son from that point to a degree most would consider over the top. 

 Work plus raising Jimmy had been Laura's sole purpose in life and she didn't have time for dating other men over the years. She wanted her son to get the best education and didn't mind working hard to make enough money to ensure everything was paid for. Laura quizzed Jim for over an hour when she found out about Kerri and she soon had all the minute details on the teacher who was mentoring her son. She found out who she was, where she lived and what she was like. Laura shuddered when Jim explained about having great sex with Kerri and that he felt emotionally attached to the slightly older woman. 

 Laura's mind was made up; she would make the bitch pay for tarnishing her Jimmy's purity. 

 *** 

 The phone rang and when Kerri answered it, she quickly found herself stammering for a response. The woman on the other end spoke seriously and demanded Kerri apologize for robbing her son's virginity. Kerri felt totally debased for having sex with an innocent student and her voice quivered while trying to tell the woman she was sorry. 

 "I want to hear you tell me to my face. Then I may find it in my heart to forgive you," Laura said and paused. The silence was deafening and Kerri's heart rate increased waiting to hear the woman's demands. "I'll be home tomorrow afternoon and I will expect you right after school." 

 After another pause where Kerri tried to calm her rising anxiety, Laura asked her what time her last class was finished. Then she gave the teacher the address and directions on how to get to her home. "Be here at five, or else! If you aren't, I'll go to the Dean. I'll give him a piece of my mind for allowing such things to happen in his college," Laura stated in a clear concise tone. "A grown woman... a teacher shouldn't be having sex with her students, especially when the boy is not a willing partner." 

 Kerri shivered when she heard the demeaning statements and she wanted to scream at the woman. 'Jim was no angel. He was a willing participant in the erotic affair,' but then Kerri remembered how it was her seduction and her insistence that something happen. There was no excuse and no reason to blame her actions on her blackmailer, as the affair was more her fault than Jim's. 

 "Yes... yes, I'll be there at five," she blurted into the transmitter and quickly hung up the phone, as if it were burning her hands. 

 The rest of the evening was troubling and Kerri was tormented over having to confess her sins to a stranger. She wondered if she could explain what happened to a distraught mother and have the woman forgive her? Kerri reasoned that Mrs. Perkins was furious and her future in the teaching profession probably depended on how she handled the troubling situation. 

 Sleep didn't come easy and Kerri tossed and turned all night. In the morning, her mind stewed over Mrs. Perkins' instructions until she was a total zombie. During classes, she gave her students assignments rather than have to instruct in front of the class. Lunch came and went; Kerri's tummy turned summersaults when the time grew close to quitting time. She jumped when the chimes went off indicating the end of the day and knew it was time to face the devil. 

 Kerri had to kill thirty minutes until the time to leave for Mrs. Perkins' and it was a dreadfully long wait. The drive to the address was silent and her heartbeat and breathing seemed to increase as she passed each street corner. When she pulled into the driveway and saw a curtain move in the window, Kerri knew someone had watched her arrival. 

 It took all of the teacher's courage to walk up to the front door and knock. First impressions are always the ones that linger the longest and Kerri stared at the woman who opened the door. Mrs. Perkins was tall, probably about 5'10" and much taller than herself. The woman wore tight leather pants and a man's shirt with the top three or four buttons undone. Kerri's eyes focused on the cleavage displayed by Mrs. Perkins and immediately noticed the pushup effect on her large boobs. The woman certainly wasn't overweight, but she did have all the right curves to make her look very strong and muscular. 

 Kerri was shocked out of her stupor by the sound of a voice. "You must be the tramp who had sex with my innocent son," Mrs. Perkins said. 

 Without being asked, Kerri stepped into the house and welcomed the chance to get out of public view. Laura closed the door behind the gorgeous teacher and smiled with delight at how sexy the woman appeared. She noticed Kerri's shy and timid demeanor and relished the thought of carrying out an adventure she had only dreamed about for many years. 

 Laura made a sudden decision to take things slow and ensure she turned the adorable teacher into a submissive servant. "Please, come in and have a seat," she said and pointed to the living room sofa. Kerri wondered how she was going to walk, as her legs seemed to be paralyzed. 

 Suddenly the woman took Kerri's elbow and guided her across the room to the sofa. "I know everything that happened between you and Jimmy. I thought it was best to have a talk with you to find out what your plans are towards my son," Mrs. Perkins whispered. "Jimmy has confessed to me and I must admit my first intention was to run to the college directors." 

 Laura paused and waited what seemed like the longest time before continuing with her plan. "But then I wondered, how can I solve the problem myself? After all, we're adults. Tell me, as I want to hear you say it. Did you have sex with Jimmy," she asked and stared straight into Kerri's eyes. 

 Kerri looked back at the voluptuous woman, but she was unable to find her voice. She desperately wanted to explain her situation, but knew the woman wouldn't care about her being blackmailed. "I asked, did you have sex with Jimmy?" Laura asked the question and glared at Kerri, demanding an answer. 

 She decided the truth and valor were the best avenues to avoid further turmoil. "Yes, but I am so sorry that it happened," Kerri blurted out and felt a wave of relief wash over her. "I never intended for it to go that far, but someone was blackmailing me... forcing me to do it." 

 Mrs. Perkins didn't really give a shit what the reasons were, she merely wanted to satisfy her own sadistic agenda. She sat in an armchair directly in front of Kerri and stared at her. Laura deliberately leaned forward and showed the frightened teacher an abundance of cleavage. 

 The white velvety swell of the woman's breasts was impossible to miss and Kerri was positive at least one more button had come undone. Then the woman spread her long slender legs and Kerri's attention was immediately drawn to a large bulge along the inside of the woman's shapely thigh. The tight leather didn't hide any details and Kerri shivered, as she found the bulge extremely puzzling and not something normally found on a woman. 

 Mesmerized by the strange sight, Kerri jumped when the woman spoke. "I see you noticed 'Black Beauty.' Do you know that I'm a dyke and have decided to punish you myself for what you've done to my precious Jimmy," Mrs. Perkins said. 

 The teacher's mouth hung open and she listened in utter disbelief. Laura had made up her mind to put all the cards on the table so that Kerri understood what was going to happen to her. "I'm going to screw your brains out. Use Black Beauty on you until you cum all over it," Laura whispered. "I've always been submissive, but for once I want to see what it is like to be the master." 

 Laura revealed her plan more so to justify what she had fantasized about for a long time, but also to let Kerri know she was going to be her servant. All her life, everyone thought Laura was dominant and intimidating because of her tall muscular stature. In reality, that was not the case. She was a shy, timid woman who continually got her thrills by being a slave, often to someone much smaller than she was. 

 All of a sudden a chance of a lifetime fell into her lap. "I don't think you want the college directors to know about your indiscretions... do you," she asked? 

 Kerri's mind spun out of control. She was perplexed and all of the woman's words kept echoing in her head. Black Beauty, dyke, sex, and college each conjured up threatening images and Kerri wondered how each affected her future. Then her eyes opened wider when Laura stood up and abruptly stripped her shirt, revealing a black uplift bra holding her two inflamed titties high. The most amazing aspect was the absence of cups covering the nipples, as there was only material under the luscious boobs pushing them upward. 

 Kerri's eyes were as big as saucers and she really couldn't believe what was happening. The woman approached Kerri and grabbed her by the shoulders, forcing the teacher to stand. Kerri could hardly breathe and felt small and overpowered by the bigger woman. There was music playing in the background and she recognized the song by the Rolling Stones, 'You Can't Always Get What You Want', which seemed to give the room a mystical feel. 

 Laura's fingers found the top button of the silky blouse and slowly undid it without a struggle or protest from the teacher. Kerri simply glanced down at what was happening and instantly felt overwhelmed by the sight of the woman's naked tits, which seemed to radiate intense heat in her direction. Sensing rather than seeing, Kerri felt the fingers travel down her chest, undoing the buttons until they reached her slim waistline. 

 Laura opened the blouse and let the cool air flow over the flushed skin. She stared at the gorgeous woman and reaffirmed her decision to become master of the timid teacher. Mrs. Perkins rolled Kerri's clothing over her shoulders and let the blouse along with her jacket fall to the floor. 

 Faced with a sudden submissiveness and a feeling that her bra was little comfort, Kerri decided to protest. "Please, Mrs. Perkins, please don't do this. I'm so sorry for what happened with your son... but... but someone forced me to do it," she blurted out and tried to remain composed. "I can't have you go to the board, but what you're doing isn't the solution." 

 Kerri voiced her concerns, hoping for a rationale judgment from the woman, but Laura merely laughed at the futile begging. A hand reached up and grabbed the lacy bra and ripped it from Kerri's chest. It was purely instincts and reaction when Kerri's hands came up to cup her luscious boobs and shield them from her attacker. 

 In the blink of an eye, the strong, well-built woman grabbed a handful of the teacher's hair and tilted her head sideways. Laura looked deeply into the frightened eyes and held the stare for the longest time. "I'm a single mom and my needs are raging out of control. I haven't had a man in years and actually envy you for being able to use my son to satisfy your desires," she stated, with a deadly serious expression. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 04 ****** bydawn1958© Both women were silent while their minds raced in entirely different directions. Kerri was unable to think of a solution that would make the woman stop and she reluctantly submitted to the degrading demands. She filled with horror when Laura's face came closer until the woman's lips brushed across her cheek, making her feel like a little girl on her first date. 

 Kerri knew the mother was going to kiss her. She recognized it was time to run and bolt from the place, but her feet were frozen on the floor. The hot burning lips traveled across her face, stopping at one ear before leaving a wet trail to the ultimate goal. Kerri's eyes shut and the lips found her mouth, which made her heart beat faster with anticipation. 

 The demanding tongue forced Kerri's lips apart and went into the hot mouth without further resistance from the teacher. Laura caressed and teased the inner reaches of Kerri's mouth like a true lover and the tongues intertwined, as the mother demonstrated superiority over the timid woman. The sinful actions made Kerri blush. Suddenly her knees gave way and the two women collapsed onto the soft cushions of the sofa. 

 The heated kiss was broken with the fall and Mrs. Perkins ran her lips to Kerri's ear. Laura still had a handful of hair and she held the imprisoned head absolutely still. "Did you cum for Jimmy? Did my little Jimmy cum inside you?" Her voice was soft yet there was definitely a tone that implied she wanted an answer. 

 Kerri was filled with immense shame after hearing the immoral statements and she tried desperately to shake her head in denial. "Naaaa, naaaa," she whispered. 

 "You're such a slut. Now I'm going to punish you for being a bad, bad girl," Laura said. 

 Kerri's heart rate was rising out of control when Laura jerked her head back and forth, demanding a verbal response from her prisoner. "Yes... yes, oh gawd, yes, he came inside... in me," Kerri whispered in a mournful voice. She immediately felt remorse for having broken a code of ethics for teachers. 

 "And... did you," Laura asked, as she gave another quick jerk on Kerri's hair. 

 Kerri faithfully answered the woman's remaining question. "Yes, oh yes, I did... I came and really don't know how it happened," she replied in an almost inaudible voice. "Oh gawd, I'm so sorry for having sex with Jim. He was so loving and tender and made me come and come so good. I've never had sex like that before... he made it great," Kerri said, rambling on and on because she knew her newfound master wanted to hear. 

 Mrs. Perkins beamed with satisfaction from attaining all the incriminating details and knew she had complete control over the beaten professor. There was no way Kerri could afford to have the particulars made public and Laura pressed in for the kill. "I want your little ass naked and you down on your hands and knees in one minute," she said with a deadly serious tone. 

 Laura had fantasized for years of dominating another woman and actually had a close girlfriend who taught her what to do. Her stomach was doing cartwheels in anticipation, as she watched the teacher's willpower slowly dwindle until there was nothing left but strict obedience. 

 Mrs. Perkins could see why her loving son had spoken so highly about his gorgeous teacher and it inflamed the mother's mind knowing her Jimmy had tasted Kerri's treasures. Her dreams and hopes of finding a loyal servant were being realized and Laura used every fiber in her body to prolong the battle. Watching the frightened teacher squirm and shiver with fear was truly fulfilling her burning passions. 

 "Get your clothes off right away... now! You are going to be my little doggie bitch for the afternoon," Laura whispered and waited silently for a few seconds. When Kerri didn't move, Laura stood up and gestured for the teacher to start complying with her orders. 

 Then much to Kerri's horror, the woman stripped her leather pants, revealing a black garter holding up dark, netted nylons. Kerri's eyes took in the woman's figure with a quick glance and opened to their widest reaches when she noticed a long, black dildo bobbing in front of Mrs. Perkins' pelvis. The reason for the bulge in the leather pants that Kerri noticed earlier was now obvious and the sight gave her an extremely anxious feeling. 

 Kerri felt fully intimidated by the larger woman and when Mrs. Perkins reached down to touch her, Kerri cringed in fear. Suddenly, Laura grabbed an arm and forced the teacher to stand in front of her almost naked body. "You heard what I said, start stripping now... or else," she stated in a most threatening manner. 

 "I can't, oh, I just can't do it... please don't," Kerri pleaded and prayed the woman would relent. The woman looked more determined than ever and it filled the teacher with panic. "Oh, you just can't do this, please don't," Kerri begged. She looked into the woman's eyes and noticed that her situation had grown hopeless. 

 The teacher acted confused and troubled and really didn't know how to get out from the woman's control. A shiver ran through her body when Laura's hands abruptly went to her waistline. Kerri's tummy rumbled when the nimble fingers undid the metal clasp and zipper of her skirt and let the garment fall to the floor. Tears came to her eyes and Kerri stood riveted to the floor in strict obedience. 

 Laura's fingers pinched the delicate elastic, panty waistband while Kerri's hands fumbled trying to block the woman's advances. A sudden slap demonstrated who was in control. The mother slapped Kerri's hands to the sides and the sharp sound vibrated throughout the room, as tiny whimpers of panic came from the teacher. Slowly and deliberately, Mrs. Perkins lowered the flimsy panties along with the sheer stockings until they were bunched on the floor. 

 The grin on Laura's face was wide and shameless, as she was extremely happy to be master of the teacher's destiny. Kerri stood erect and there was no foreplay or warming up. Mrs. Perkins shoved her hand between the velvety thighs and cupped the prized jewel. She looked Kerri straight in the eyes and squeezed hard. "I'm going to fuck you hard... just like Jim did," she whispered. 

 Laura cupped Kerri's precious mound and she used a most degrading gesture, as she pressed her middle finger into the wetness. Her emotions soared and the long wait to possess a devoted slave was driving her brain crazy with lust. With a deliberate push, Laura twisted Kerri's slender body around and forced her to the soft-carpeted floor, until the teacher landed on her hands and knees. The look in Laura's eyes was wild and she enjoyed having the vulnerable lady in such a demeaning position. 

 Why she remained motionless and didn't avoid the mother's assault would forever haunt Kerri. She sensed the woman moving behind her kneeing torso and couldn't resist looking. Glancing to the rear, Kerri saw the large, menacing cock bobbing up and down only a fraction of an inch away from its target. "Please, oh please... Laura, don't use it on me. It's big... way bigger than a real penis," she moaned in protest. "Oh, oh gawd, it's so thick... so long. I'm sure it's too big!" 

 Kerri really didn't think the pleading would stop the crazed woman. Suddenly the big pecker disappeared from sight and Kerri felt a familiar probing at her behind. Her head went forward and dropped until her forehead rested on the floor. Kerri's breath caught in expectation, as she rested on her elbows and tried to remain calm. It was almost like a movie that had played out many times and she knew what was coming next. 

 Laura's heart pounded when she watched the teacher remain compliant, waiting to be taken. It was the most erotic event in her life and she wondered how many times she had been in a similar position over the past ten years. Yes, she admitted, her girlfriend was her master and the controller of her inner emotions. She had a big distrust of most men and had turned to women for sexual pleasures after the divorce from her husband. 

 The first encounter with a lesbian had shown Laura a side of life she didn't know existed. She realized that she didn't love her girlfriend, but she certainly had special feelings for her. The past two years found Laura fantasizing about being a mistress and using her acquired talents on some unsuspecting woman. When she found out about her son's illicit affair with a female teacher at the college, Laura realized a perfect opportunity to fulfill her dream. 

 Mrs. Perkins guided the rubber penis between Kerri's velvety thighs and marveled at the beautiful contrast between black, white and the pretty pink opening. Her actions were slow and very calculated. She watched the woman flinch when the cock's head breached the opening and heard a dreadful moan when the thick shaft spread the pussy walls. 

 Kerri's heart beat out of control and she felt dizzy. Suddenly the head of the big pecker pushed into her most private domain and she uttered a deep moan of protest. "Aaaah, gawd, no... no! You're inside... your thingie is inside," she moaned without any real reason. "Oh, you're in... inside." 

 Laura grabbed the bare ass and dug her fingers into the tender flesh. "Oh fuck... fuck... fuck," she cried, as she drove her hips at Kerri. 

 "No... no, gawd, no. You're deep... so deep, I can feel it spread my pussy," Kerri uttered with a low guttural tone to her voice, as 10 inches of hard rubber entered her for the first time. 

 Laura understood a woman's needs and what would enhance the moment. She reached around the lithe hips and her demanding fingers found the perfect control button. She squeezed the throbbing clitoris, as if it was a personal toy, and Kerri's hips thrashed in a pumping motion. Laura drove her hips forward with the viciousness of a killer bee and embedded most of the monster inside the slave, bringing a loud cry from the crushed warrior. 

 Nothing seemed right, but Kerri wasn't able to control the unfamiliar desire. "I can't stop it... I can't stop myself. It's so big... so deep inside," she said in a ragged uneven voice. "Fuck me... fuck me with your cock, yes, yes, like that. Keep pumping in and out... aaaah.... aaaahhh," she moaned, as spasms erupted deep inside her womanly regions. 

 Laura rammed the big, black cock in and out of the pussy without sympathy or remorse. It was a personal vendetta and the satisfaction of having control over another woman was self-gratification only. Laura was a mistress for the first time in her life and it was the most rewarding experience. The result of the slave receiving total bliss was purely coincidental, but then Laura found Kerri's surrender added to her growing lust. 

 An orgasm built like a tidal wave in the ocean of desire and Mrs. Perkins used all her willpower to hold back the rising waters. Her hips jerked in a sheer random manner and without any rhythm. The strap-on dildo crushed her swollen clit like tiny fingers of a vibrator and the dam threatened to burst. 

 Laura knew a climax would drown her soul, but she still wanted to reap further rewards. "Tell me bitch... how did my Jimmy do it to you? Did you cum for my son," she whispered loud enough for the teacher to hear the demanding questions. 

 Kerri was a lost child and didn't know how to resist, so she replied in a fashion that made sense at the time. "Make me your bitch. Fuck me like I'm your bitch... yes, like that... fuck me like a doggie. I'm down on the floor like a dog and want you to take me. Yes... do it," she declared, knowing her remarks were disgusting yet the fact was hidden by an uncommon desire. 

 "I asked about Jimmy... answer me, slut," Laura ordered. 

 Her troubled mind accepted the punishment and Kerri continued her verbal ranting. "He... Jim fucked me hard. He took me on the floor and made me cum. I almost fainted... oh geez, his cock felt so good. It throbbed deep inside and made me cream like never before," Kerri moaned a confession that wouldn't stop. "He did it to me and I couldn't stop myself. He was so tender... so loving just the way a man should be." 

 Laura slapped a cheek of bare ass as hard as she could. "More! More!" 

 "Jim's the first man that came in my mouth and I almost creamed my panties when he did. I've never sucked a cock like that before... drank love-juices from a man," Kerri whispered, as she wondered why she was telling a strange woman such secret details. 

 Suddenly Laura rained slap after slap on Kerri's bare ass. She arched her back and left enough space to expose the smooth rounded, butt cheeks and gave the teacher a royal spanking. "Teacher! My, my, teacher was a bad, bad girl," Laura said and kept on spanking. 

 The chastisement aroused Kerri beyond her wildest dreams and Laura rode her like she was a bucking bronco. It was time to make amends for her sins and the penalty was welcomed in Kerri's bemused mind. No man had spread her universe like this woman with the strap-on cock and Kerri felt compelled to yield her spirit. Wave after wave washed over the sandy beaches and the orgasm was like demons flooding Kerri's inner being. "Gawd, oh my lord, you're making me cum. It hurts when you hit my bum... spank me. Geez, it feels good... soooo good," the teacher moaned. "I've been bad and deserve a spanking." 

 Mrs. Perkins stared at the gorgeous ass wiggling wildly back and forth, as her body tightened like a high-pitched violin string. She knew a gigantic orgasm was on the horizon and her heart pounded out of control. For the first time in her life, Laura was in-charge and in command of another person and it inflamed her mind like a blowtorch. She had been married, but honestly didn't think she had ever experienced intense passion, similar to when Jim and Kerri had sex. 

 Visions of the teacher sucking her son's hard cock filled her brain and then pictures of Jim fucking a puppy-dog Kerri on the floor pushed her over the top. Mrs. Perkins clung to the thrashing hips like they were her salvation and she pumped the long length of pecker into her captive. Laura spoke far louder than she intended, but her emotions were aroused to the breaking point. "Say it! You want Jimmy's cock. Tell me you want Jimmy's cock," she ordered. 

 Kerri teetered on the hump of ecstasy and heard the orders as a command she must obey. "I can feel Jim's cock. I can feel it deep inside and fucking me hard... so hard. I'm cumming all over his cock," she moaned in desperation and hoped to satisfy her lover. "Oh fuck, Laura, you're fucking me like a man... like Jim." 

 The confession of a lost woman sounded and the two climaxes traveled in parallel universes, as both women drifted into erotic worlds. Laura dreamed of being forced by Kerri and envisioned herself being fucked by the sinful teacher. Her fantasy consumed all reasoning. An earth-shaking orgasm rocked her entire body and she imagined being a slave to the gorgeous, sensual Kerri. Pictures of the teacher strapping on the black cock and using it on her created an erotic slideshow in her head. 

 The combatant was beaten and forced to surrender to the warrior. Kerri's hips quivered madly and she pushed back as hard as she could to keep the black demon inside her epicenter. Wave after wave of thick cream coated the wide shaft and Kerri climaxed without regard for the shame and dishonor she would feel later. It was purely sex and ecstasy that took over and nothing else mattered for a brief moment in time. 

 The seconds felt like hours, but eventually the spasms subsided inside Laura. She fell forward hugging the sweaty body and curling her long, lithe torso around her newfound lover. The dreams of what might be possible after hearing Jimmy's sinful confession had been vivid and almost surreal. To actually have them come to reality was totally mind-blowing and Mrs. Perkins was floating through heavenly clouds. She was not the dominating or controlling type of person yet for once wanted to feel the adrenalin rush when being in-charge. 

 It was true. The conqueror caressed and coveted Kerri like she was sorry for being so strong and masterful. The tenderness made the teacher feel soothed and she allowed Jim's mother to touch and feel her most secretive zones. Gently, Laura's fingers caressed a hard, throbbing nipple and then the other before dropping down to the quivering tummy. She traced trails across the velvety flesh and made the teacher twitch and jerk, as she reacted to the loving touch. 

 There were merely noises, not words when the fingers dipped into the soaked crevice. The sounds got loud and dire when Laura pinched the exposed mass called a clitoris and pulled the bud from its hood. Immediately after an orgasm, Kerri's body was extremely alive and sensitive and Laura knew how compassion affected a woman right after an explosive climax. 

 "I'm so sorry, but you are so lovely... so beautiful. I dreamed of making love to you after Jimmy told me what happened," Laura explained. She believed the teacher would succumb to any request or demand because Kerri had already proven to be totally submissive. "I can hardly wait until tomorrow. You can come here after school and I want you to be my master. Teachers should be the leader and control destiny!" 

 Kerri merely blinked a few times and wondered what on earth the crazed mother meant. She didn't resist, as the woman kept her arms wrapped around her in a tight embrace. They remained curled up on the plush carpet for a few minutes before Laura knew it was time to end the raunchy session. Her son would be home soon and Jim must not catch the two lovers locked in such shameless passion. 

 When Laura reluctantly released the tiny clit, Kerri felt a touch of regret. Both women slowly retrieved their discarded clothes and dressed in complete silence. Neither looked at the other and when they were fully dressed, Laura found her voice. "Tomorrow! I'll be waiting for you. Please don't tell anyone." 

 The surprise and shock on Kerri's face went unnoticed. She wondered if Mrs. Perkins was demented, as the woman seemed to think they were long lost friends or lovers. Rather than confront her, Kerri hurriedly left the residence and drove home in a trancelike state. 

 *** 

 Some people emanated confidence and acted with assurance that they could do anything they set their mind to. Ward was one of those individuals and Kerri felt her stomach shudder every time he got near. He certainly held enough cards to have a stacked deck against the poor teacher and his goal was to deal a hand that would give him sexual pleasure. 

 How he got the information out of her, Kerri would never understand. Ward had come into her classroom at lunchtime and closed the door to give the room a dungeon like feeling. The physics teacher stood behind her desk and waited for the young student to reveal his intentions, knowing they would most certainly have drastic consequences on her. 

 It started innocently enough with Ward implying that she should invite him to her place after school. He told the shocked teacher that he was going to fuck her and make her his personal slut just like the other day. Kerri felt weak when the memory of what the student did to her flooded back into her head; or forced her do was more like it, she deemed. 

 Kerri did her best to convince the boy that she had a previous appointment with another student's mother and she just couldn't break it. Ward was persistent. He pressed Kerri for details and eventually found out the woman was Jim Perkins' mother. Ward quickly put two and two together and realized that the two women must have something clandestine planned, so he kept demanding more information about the meeting. 

 Kerri's mind was confused and troubled, which meant details slipped out before she could cover up. "She forced me... aaah, making me come to her place this afternoon," she said and immediately knew a mistake had been made. 

 Ward jumped on it right away and pressed for more particulars. Once he had a tidbit of information, it didn't take him long to attain the whole enchilada. The one major detail Ward knew about the beautiful physics teacher was that Kerri wasn't able to tell a lie, which meant she would be unable to withhold things. "Well... if you're not going to tell me everything about Mrs. Perkins... about why you're going to see her... well I'll just go see the Dean. I'll tell the boss exactly what his princess is doing." Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 04 ****** bydawn1958© Ward made the bold statement and turned towards the classroom door, pretending to leave for the Dean's office. "If I don't hear the truth... I'll tell everything. Your reputation will be ruined!" 

 Kerri blurted it out without thinking, as self-preservation was foremost on her mind. "She... Mrs. Perkins forced me... had sex with me. It was so awful and I couldn't stop her," she said, but the confession didn't stop. "Her son... Jim told her..." Kerri paused and realized immediately that she had made another mistake. 

 Ward pounced! He knew the teacher couldn't lie so he demanded details. "Jim? I noticed he was infatuated with you the other day," he said and stared directly into her worried eyes. "He banged you... didn't he?" 

 "Aaah, when you blackmailed me... aaah, I mean, when Sky blackmailed me, he forced me to have sex with Jim. He must have told his mother... told Mrs. Perkins what happened and then she was furious... made me come to her place," Kerri said, knowing it was a big mistake to reveal the incriminating details. "She was so strong... demanding. It was awful." 

 Ward wouldn't let her look away. "Yeah... what else?" 

 "She used a big thing... oh, it was so big and black," Kerri uttered the damning statement and waited a few seconds before she could continue. "Now she wants me to do it to her this afternoon... just like she did to me." 

 Ward correctly assumed that Mrs. Perkins was subservient. He didn't know the woman but hoped she was half as gorgeous as his slave Kerri. Ward sensed the woman's anxiety and guilt and decided he knew enough to gain control of the two sexy women. The boy had no brain in school but he was a master in deception. "Great! I'm going to come with you to see this Mrs. Perkins. We'll see how much she likes being used," he whispered in a civil tone. 

 Kerri couldn't believe that she had confessed her sins to the young man and stared at Ward with a bewildered look. "Aaah, aaah, what?" 

 "I'll meet you here after last class. We can go together," Ward said and strutted out of the room with the utmost confidence. 

 *** 

 The remainder of the school day was a blur to Kerri and the stress and trepidation built minute by minute. When Ward's handsome, rugged face peered around the corner of her classroom doorway, Kerri's heart skipped a few beats. She hesitated long enough for the young man to motion that it was time to leave for the rendezvous. 

 Kerri felt like she had betrayed a trust by inviting the young student along to visit Mrs. Perkins. But did she have a choice, she wondered, and knew that the boy held the controlling hand. Ward understood that his demands would not be refused and marveled at his good fortune. The pair went to Kerri's car and drove to the intended address without much being said other than talk of the weather and time of day. 

 They arrived at the Perkins' and Kerri's heart began to beat rapidly with anxiety. Both got out of the car and walked to the door with Kerri leading the way. The door opened on the first light knock and Mrs. Perkins' face turned stoic at the sight of a stranger. 

 Kerri felt obligated to explain the situation, as best she could, but the words didn't come easy. "I... I've invited Ward," she began and paused trying to find the correct thing to say. "He knows... knows what happened between us and made me bring him here," she whispered with the silly belief that Ward was not listening. 

 Kerri looked into the eyes of Jim's mother and hoped that the woman would understand her hopeless predicament. Neither woman knew what would happen and were willing to leave it up to fate. Laura held the door open, as an invitation to Kerri and Ward and they entered, going into the cozy living room. Ward took a seat on a sofa, which was on one side of the room, while the women each took an easy chair on either side of it. The young man smiled when he noticed the hesitation and nervousness shown by the two women and he wanted to play the suspense angle for all it was worth. Ward found the drama truly exhilarating and his excitement kept building. 

 Ward readily understood that nothing was going to happen unless he took charge so he forged ahead. "I know what happened between you two and I am positive that you wouldn't want people knowing that the college professor is fucking around with the beautiful, sexy mom of one of her associates," he stated and his reference turned Laura's face a blushing red. Although she tried to look her best, it made her feel embarrassed when someone actually gave her a compliment. 

 Ward planned to take advantage of the naïve side of both women. He stared in wonderment at the tall, lanky mother and marveled at how luscious her body was even though she had to be in her late thirty's, maybe early forties. He noticed the two glorious mounds barely held in place by the sheer material of her blouse and swore he could see dark colored nipples. The mother seemed to be almost trembling in her seat and Ward felt aroused seeing her dressed in tight leather pants, which made her legs appear overly long. 

 Laura appeared to have a lost look in her eyes and Ward could see that she was looking his body up and down intently. "I'm here to have sex with you," he said and looked directly into Mrs. Perkins eyes. "It's time mommy had some hard cock." 

 The brazen statement from the young man turned Laura's stomach into a quivering mess. Neither blinked and she stared into the dark, controlling eyes, wondering if she was strong enough to resist. Laura marveled at the handsome young man and the silliest thing popped into her head. She thought back and tried to remember the last time she was with a real man. Then her heart almost stopped when Ward quickly removed his t-shirt and her eyes got bigger. 'Oh my... oh my, he's so frickin' good looking,' she thought. 

 There was deafening quiet in the room except for breathing, which was getting louder and heavier by the second. Ward looked into Laura's big, glassy eyes and held the stare until she squirmed in anticipation. "Do you know what's going to happen? Do you know what you're going to do," he asked with a hint of devilment in his voice. 

 Mrs. Perkins was a woman who felt extremely comfortable being submissive so it was easy for Ward to get her under his spell. Her tummy churned madly with millions of butterflies inside and Laura couldn't remember being so drawn to one person. Suddenly she was shocked back to reality by Ward's raspy voice when he repeated the questions. "Do you know what's going to happen? What you're going to do?" 

 Laura's eyes got glassier. "We're... we're going to have sex. Dear God, you're going to fuck me," she blurted out and her mind filled with intense visions of a young male consuming her naked body. "Blowjob... I'm going to suck your cock. You're going to force me to suck your cock." Her voice was a mere whisper and she could hardly remain seated, as the strangest desire swelled in the belly. Laura had never been turned-on in her life like she was at that moment. 

 Kerri sat spellbound watching the two aroused adults, which were performing a mating ritual like no other she had witnessed. The rugged young man slowly got to his feet and took small steps until he was next to Laura's easy chair. The woman appeared mesmerized and she simply watched the scenes unfold, as if they were the most meaningful of her life. Slowly and deliberately, Ward took off his shoes and socks; then he stripped his jeans and shorts and boldly stood in front of Mrs. Perkins. 

 The mother couldn't take her eyes off the young man and in particular his male endowment. Laura had been married and had experience with other men, but nothing prepared her for the sudden profound desire. She was sure her heart was beating too fast and eventually she would faint if she didn't regain a measure of control over the rising anxiety that was building to monstrous proportions. Laura had substituted for male relationships after her husband left because she found it easier to get closer to another female, but her sexual desires often drifted back to having raunchy sex with a man. 

 Seeing Ward filled Laura's mind with erotic fantasies even though she realized it was wrong to be with a much younger man. The movie 'Brown Bunny' flashed through her memory and Laura remembered how one particular scene seemed to turn her on. She would masturbate every time when the clip unfolded where the actress fell to her knees in front of her boyfriend and gave him a blowjob. Images of the woman sucking the big cock and her cheeks caving in as she drank the man's cum from his loins always aroused her inner feelings to a point where she lost control. How many times had she actually fallen victim to self- gratification while alone in her bedroom fantasizing of these scenes, she wondered? 

 Mrs. Perkins looked to Kerri, then back to Ward and felt trapped, unable to resist the powerful temptations presented to her by the two combatants. Laura knew she had but a few seconds to stop the drama and tell the teacher and student to leave. Much to Mrs. Perkins' dismay, she remained silent and let the production unfold, as if it were destiny. 

 It was dreamlike as Kerri watched the movie acted out before her eyes. The man held his hand forward and gave a little wave as if to indicate he wanted the older woman to fulfill his desire. Suddenly the tall, slender woman rose and stood in front of her controller. Kerri could see the woman's face and it was blank with her intent stare focused downward on the man's midsection. She saw Laura's tongue slowly come out of her mouth and make a slow, licking motion around her rosy lips, as if she wanted to taste sweet magnificence. 

 There was another wave of the man's hand and the woman fell to her knees, as if she were praising a mentor. Her hands immediately went to the long, throbbing pecker and Kerri's breathing stuttered when she watched the hands surround the thick shaft. Kerri for some reason was lost in the moment and she dreaded having been left out. Why she yearned to be with the young man she would never fully comprehend, but Kerri did feel a touch of jealousy. Oh gawd, she thought, his cock is so long and glamorous. 

 Then Kerri shifted her eyes to Ward's and they locked together, as if possessed by magic. She could hear him plainly talking to her even without a word being spoken. "I am letting this bitch feel my cock and I am going to turn her into a wanton slut. Get over here, I want to watch you touch, feel and caress her body," he seemed to say. Kerri got to her feet and acted like a zombie when she obeyed the telepathic instructions. She saw the contented smile on the young man's face and knew she was pleasing him immensely. 

 When Kerri was beside Laura, Ward spoke aloud to her. "Take her clothes off and show me her titties. I want to see them and watch you suck her nipples like she probably did to you the other day. You can show me her cunt. I want to see where I am going to stick my hard cock when she gets it nice and hard with her hot mouth," he whispered and Laura uttered a surprised gasp, but she refused to let go of the throbbing meat. 

 Kerri obediently followed the defiling order without a protest and the girls worked in unison to remove Mrs. Perkins' clothing. In seconds, Laura was naked and returned to what had inflamed her mind, sucking the student's extended cock. Kerri held back for a brief moment and watched Mrs. Perkins madly work the first three or four inches of meat into her hungry mouth. The teacher marveled at how Laura's boobs swayed from side to side with hardly any sag even though she was an older woman. 

 Ward thrust his hand down to Laura's right breast and sort of held it to the side, as an invitation to his teacher. Kerri told herself that it was wrong, and not to comply with the man's degrading directions. For some unexplained reason, she knew the swollen bud would taste wonderful and feel so alive in her mouth. Slowly she moved in Laura's direction and obeyed, putting her hand on the velvety flesh and her mouth to the elongated nipple. Ward moved his hand to the back of Kerri's head and guided it so he could watch the immoral lust. "I want to see your tongue. Lick her nipple and bite it with your teeth," he demanded. 

 Both women wanted to satisfy the rugged man and their hearts were pounding with desire. Kerri was slightly below the woman's chest and could see up towards the master, observing the wide smile adorning his handsome face. She held the erect nipple between her teeth in a captive manner and flicked the vulnerable bud with her tongue. Laura's body quivered wildly from Kerri's caresses, but she refused to release the young man's cock. 

 The student watched the women perform and realized they were aroused to a point where their lust filled minds would accept anything. He was smart enough to know he could force Kerri to have sex with him anytime and thoroughly enjoyed making her carry out his perverted wishes. Ward watched the teacher assault both tits like they were demons and her sharp teeth moved from one tender morsel to the other. 

 It was hard to distinguish the exact sounds coming from the kneeing woman, but they appeared to be groans and moans of desperation. A dream being realized with such vividness and intensity had driven Laura to the brink of collapse. She had made up her mind to go forward and not resist the rising desires of lust. 

 Out of the corner of her eye, Kerri noticed Mrs. Perkins' dainty hands around the thick shaft and the man's balls dangling downward. It looked tempting seeing the oversized nuts just hanging there and Kerri felt the urge to caress the ornaments. To the teacher's dismay, she saw Laura's hand slip from the base of Ward's cock to surround his balls in loving fashion. Kerri could not remember feeling jealousy or regret towards anyone like she felt from watching her friend reap all the erotic rewards. 

 Suddenly slurping sounds above Kerri indicated that a slut was sucking the man's rod and giving him total satisfaction. The teacher wanted to slap the servant away so she could taste the seed but resisted. A small droll escaped the corner of Laura's mouth and it was obvious Kerri's student was quenching the woman's insatiable thirst. Ward had intended on prolonging the episode, but the woman's demanding mouth was too much for his stamina. His hips jerked out of control and he blasted his hot lava down Laura's throat, as if she were a lowly whore. 

 It was the happiest moment of Laura's life and her inner soul teetered on the brink of going over the crest of historic ecstasy. She imagined fingers spreading her labia like the petals of a flower and love juices seeped from her internal core. Laura felt a wall of unabated honey build inside and there was nothing in her past to prepare her for such a heightened, aroused state. 

 There was one thing, which would make her demise complete, and she was going to wait for as long as it took to reach that ultimate pinnacle. Laura's pussy spasmed with an unfamiliar eagerness and she was determined to feel Ward's cock deep inside the heart of her womanhood. His cock was much bigger than that of any man in her past and it inflamed her mind to know the size of his manhood would make her a different woman. The concern that immoral and sinful actions were frowned upon by most was not a worry for Mrs. Perkins. It was her erotic fantasies that were about to be satisfied and that stimulated her brain to novel heights. 

 Ward was young and virile but knew it would take a little time to refuel his engine. He quickly thought up a scheme to aid the process and like any man, desired watching two women in the throes of lust. He wasn't sure he could endure fucking both women, but he certainly was more than willing to give it a try. 

 Looking at his gorgeous teacher, he saw how her clothing was slightly askew and the hint of her womanly charms was openly displayed. It was odd how she sat still while his hands went to her chest and began the glorious task of removing her garments. Kerri seemed to slide closer to him and make it easier for the young man to work. 

 The student motioned that he wanted Kerri on the sofa and the message was conveyed without words. Kerri slowly moved to the sofa seat and took a position with a guiding hand, which found her half lying on her back. Kerri's tummy quivered in anticipation, as the boy lowered his upper body so that he was above her, and instantly she knew he was going to kiss her. Much to Kerri's alarm, she held her ground for a measly second or two before her tongue went into his mouth to intertwine with Ward's. 

 The kiss heated up and both welcomed the French aspect, as the interlocking contact grew intense. Ward abruptly broke the passionate embrace for a mere moment and he looked straight at Laura. "Do it... do it now! Take off her clothes and strip our gorgeous teacher," he stated in a low and demanding tone. 

 Mrs. Perkins understood the wicked demands and moved to comply with the boy's wishes while he resumed the kiss. Kerri was well aware of what was happening. Already aroused by the heated kiss and crass fondling by the student, her downfall became profound. It seemed her body moved every time Laura needed to strip her unwanted clothes and it didn't take long before she was completely naked. 

 Ward's lips moved to taste new rewards and his hand swooped into Kerri's crotch. "Oh my, what's happening to me," Kerri moaned, with a dire need to understand how she could be so lost in desire for such immoral passion. Her breathing was very ragged and raspy and Kerri could hear her heart beating in her ears, as her senses were overly alert. 

 Ward grinned with utter satisfaction, as his sexy teacher rolled her ass over the soft cushions and thrust her pelvis into his hand like a horny wench. Kerri blushed with embarrassment when the first wave of lotion rolled down her empty canal, knowing she was ready to be taken and used in any debasing fashion by her abductor. 

 "Oh fuck... oh fuck I'm ready... I'm ready to come," Kerri whispered, with wanton desire. "Ward, Ward, take me... like you did the other day. Fuck me, now, like you did. Oh, I need you," she said and didn't care that all her dignity was lost. Possessed by the devil, her mind was a roaring forest fire, which would be extinguished by only one thing. 

 His orders were brief, but immediately understood by Mrs. Perkins. "Get it! Use it like you did before," he whispered and Laura moved instantly. Ward kissed Kerri once again and held it long enough for his newfound slave to obey his command. Suddenly, the soft cushions of the couch moved from someone's body weight and Ward knew enough to shift his body to the side until he slipped off the sofa. This left Kerri open for the kill and Laura was more than ready to conquer Kerri's vulnerability with her man-toy. 

 The teacher's eyes had been closed, but she opened them to look horror in the face. Mrs. Perkins was between her splayed legs and she aimed the big, black rod at her precious opening. Kerri couldn't breathe because of a close-in feeling and it felt like she would suffocate. Wide eyed, she watched in horror when the black monster brushed against her unguarded crotch. 

 Laura held the head of the ominous cock at the entrance and spread the puffy labia apart ever so slightly. Suddenly, she rammed the big penis into the waiting captive. Kerri uttered a loud scream and there were many reasons for the holler, which included pain, agony, ecstasy, pleasure and something Kerri would never admit, fulfillment. 

 Kerri rolled her head to the side and stared at her student. "Ward, oh Ward, I need you... want you. I can't stop myself," she moaned, as she was beyond caring whether she was fucked or who fucked her. Her reactions were immediate and her hips thrust upward with enough power to take the cock of her lesbian lover. Kerri shut her eyes and imagined Ward above her, which resulted in an orgasm consuming any remaining reasoning. The wild bitch pulled the hair on Kerri's head and spanked her titties like they were bad demons, but the pain didn't matter to Kerri. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 04 ****** bydawn1958© Ward was thoroughly amazed by the intense lust displayed by both women and his cock jerked madly expecting a rematch. He watched the rounded butt cheeks tighten and ram the strap-on cock to the hilt; then relax enough to withdraw a few inches from the womanly grotto. His heart rate matched the two women's even exceeding their numbers near the end of the dramatic climax because he anticipated what was next. 

 When the spasms and explosions slowly dwindled and Kerri's orgasm came down to a plateau where she could resume breathing, Ward attacked. He grabbed both women by the hand and jerked them to their feet. "Let's find a bed. We need a nice big bed... with lots of room to fuck," he stated and followed Laura down a hallway to her bedroom. They walked across the room and the first thing Ward did was shove Laura face first onto the bed. 

 Laura quickly rolled over and onto her back. Ward sort of guided and coaxed Kerri to the foot of the bed and she took her assigned position without much hesitation. Ward watched the mother's eyes fill with tears when he hovered over her naked body, threatening to pounce right on top of her. Laura noticed immediately that the student was hard and ready for action and the wait had been the hardest of her life. Months, no years Laura reminded herself, she had waited and her dreams were about to be satisfied by a devilish young man. 

 It was merely a formality and for show when Mrs. Perkins pleaded with Ward. "No, no, don't... don't touch me with your pecker. I'm a grown woman and mother... please don't," she whispered, but really didn't know why. She knew; Kerri knew and Ward knew that Laura was going to feel the wrath of a big cock, but she pleaded in a pretense for innocence. 

 Laura couldn't hold her legs any wider and she prayed that Ward would quickly take charge. There was a loud pitiful whimper when he fell on top of her and hit the bull's eye. "Oh no, no, he's doing it... he's going to do it to me," Laura moaned in a frantic tone when the head of Ward's cock pierced her pussy. 

 Ward thoroughly enjoyed the desperate ramblings from Laura and tempted her by slowly inserting his ramrod an inch at a time. He really wanted to slam his cock to the balls, but the dire pleading from the lost woman was music to his ears, so he continued with a slow pace. "Oh fuck... baby, I'm going to fuck your sweet ass," he said. "I bet you haven't had a man in years." 

 "Ooooh noooo, you're inside... you're inside me. Noooo, noooo," Laura uttered in a low shaky voice. "You're deep... in so deep and oh fuck... fuck it's soooo," she whispered, but couldn't reveal to the pair that it was the best experience of her life. 

 Ward had heard enough and he rammed his pecker to the hilt, fully embedding it in the sobbing woman who was clinging by a slender thread. "Fuck me, baby... fuck me," he demanded and started pumping like a madman. 

 The orgasm was like the road to eternity and Laura couldn't wait any longer. "Oh, I'm cumming... I'm cumming so hard... I'm cumming, you bastard... you're making me cum. I can't stop, you bastard," Laura said, as she surrendered to the powerful lust. She waved the flag of defeat and climaxed like a real woman for the first time since her divorce. 

 Kerri lay at the foot of the bed and watched the amorous couple, as her emotions soared towards another peak. She was sort of trapped because Laura was spread out, taking up most of the bed. Her eyes glazed over and somehow her right hand slipped into the sweltering furnace between her legs. First her fingertips caressed and rubbed across her shivering tummy and then her middle finger curled around the bony pelvis. Kerri's skilled finger performed magic and she hoped the pair wouldn't notice her brazen indiscretions, as she fingered herself. 

 Ward felt Mrs. Perkins profound climax and out of the corner of his eye could see his lovely teacher touching herself in wanton fashion. He readily agreed that both women were sex-starved and he dreamed of satisfying their sexual needs. Laura was a mother and mature woman yet she was as tight as any woman he had screwed. She squeezed his cock like a vice and her legs flailed to the sides when the orgasm took over. 

 Ward held back as long as possible, but the intense pressure eventually overcame his determined stamina. It was the first time in his life that a woman screamed in ecstasy. He dug his fingers into Laura's nicely, rounded hips and released molten lava into her nucleus. His emotional roller coaster picked up speed, as he rolled over the highest peak, and he emptied his reservoir into Jim's sexy mother. 

 Laura wanted the sex to last forever and she clung to the young man like he was her savior, which he really was. For years she had fantasized of this very thing occurring to her, but life's true highway prevented anything so erotic or sinful from happening. The orgasms slowly subsided until they were like small waves washing up onto the sandy shores. 

 Mrs. Perkins was reluctant for the affair to end and she held the boy tightly until he pulled away. Ward's lust-filled eyes spotted the delectable teacher sitting off to his right and he noticed how exposed and vulnerable she appeared. With her hands pressed into her crotch, Kerri's upper arms virtually pushed her breasts outward so they looked enticingly mouth-watering. The nipples were rock-hard and protruded from her titties in an inviting fashion. 

 Kerri had worked herself into a frenzy watching the two passionate lovers perform erotic rituals just moments earlier and her emotions remained sky-high. Suddenly hands were all over her. She glanced down and noticed rough calloused fingers pulling one nipple out from her chest and long dainty fingers caressing the other. She watched her nipples get molested and her heart rate quickened. 

 Kerri was amazed when Laura and Ward reacted. Laura rolled across the bed and slithered up in front of her while Ward crawled behind. Kerri needed fulfillment and in desperation she remained passive and stuck between the two sweaty bodies. She was long past the point where it mattered who touched her or caressed her body. Laura began an animated kiss immediately on contact and molested the luscious boobs. Ward snuggled up against Kerri's back and wrapped his arms around her. He cupped her right hand in his and then forced them down to cover her bald pussy. 

 Time stood still and Kerri was unable to distinguish who was doing what to her inflamed body. Laura broke the heated kiss and devoured a hardened nipple, as her fingers moved to the shivering tummy and bellybutton. Ward made sure Kerri's hand covered her pussy and he pressed on the middle finger until it was embedded in the vast wetness. His other hand found the neglected titty and his groping was rough and harsh, which resulted in groans coming out of Kerri's throat. 

 Ward kissed the crook of her neck and ran his lips all over the side of her face. The hot mouth left her breast and ventured downward. Laura left a wet trail across Kerri's stomach and stopped at the delicate button, using her tongue to swirl in and around the indent. When the hips jerked to indicate lost control, Laura stabbed the bellybutton with her tongue in a fucking fashion. 

 Kerri's breathing was ragged and broken. She gasped and within a heartbeat she wound up on her back, as both Ward and Laura wanted more. Thankfully she was able to remove her finger from her soaked crevice, as Ward's hands grabbed her wrists and stretched her arms above her head. Laura's adventurous tongue licked a path of destruction across Kerri's flat tummy and found the gaping canyon at the top of her thighs. The mother had no trouble pushing the shapely legs apart and then she dove between the splayed thighs. 

 The hot poker slithered between the puffy pussy-lips, striking a fatal blow and Kerri's orgasm was instantaneous. Every lover and every fucker who had experienced intercourse with Kerri was doing it to her at that moment and she desired each and every one of them. The bitch's mouth took Kerri to the momentous crest and without warning Ward pushed Laura out of the way. 

 He was not truly hard but certainly stiff enough to fulfill a lewd vision. The student quickly moved between the widespread legs and displayed the perfect aim of a warrior. His long shaft bent on initial contact and held the curve with the suspense of an Oscar winning movie. Suddenly the rod sprang to a rigid length of steel and Ward inserted his cock into the tender womb with one thrust. 

 It was the most memorable climax for Kerri and she welcomed both Ward's and Laura's assaults. Razor-sharp teeth, which Kerri knew were Mrs. Perkins', cut into one of her nipples with precision-like accuracy and Ward's manhood robbed her last ounce of decency. The two worked in unison, as Ward lifted his chest to allow Laura room to move, while the mother encouraged the young student to screw her newfound friend. 

 There was only one thing on Kerri's aroused mind and that was ecstasy. Her body was alive and responded to the skilled caresses with an extreme desperation Kerri didn't know existed. She never intended on being a slave, but strangely she begged and pleaded with her molesters to use her, or screw her, or fuck her as they wished. 

 Ward pumped away like an untamed madman. Although he wasn't able to climax following the earlier orgasm, it enraged his mind knowing he had such a profound affect of a woman of Kerri's stature. He strived to bring her pleasure and enjoyment and pumped his hips, as fast as he could. It gave him more satisfaction than he imagined when he felt the explosive climax of his adorable teacher. 

 All of a sudden there was no movement of any kind other than heavy breathing from the three exhausted combatants. The bodies were interlocked in a tight embrace with no one really concerned what or where they touched. The calm seemed to last for an eternity and everyone was thankful for the sudden reprieve. This may have been the first orgy for the three, but it left future episodes a real possibility between the two grown women and the virile young man. 

 There were no apologies or excuses, as all three slowly retrieved their clothing. They dressed in silence and each was left with dreams of their own. Ward took Kerri by the arm and escorted her outside so she could drive him back to his car. Mrs. Perkins watched with a touch of sadness when the teacher and student left her residence and wondered if she would ever experience true ecstasy again? 

 Laura caught movement out the corner of her eye and suddenly noticed her son had arrived home from college. Fear and uncertainty entered her head when she realized that Jim surely observed the two visitors leaving their home. Jim quickly approached his mother from the back doorway and had a sour look on his handsome, baby face. 

 "What were Kerri and that dirty bugger Ward doing here?" Jim asked his mother who was in a dreamlike state. 

 Laura snapped back to reality when she heard the question and she was instantly filled with panic. She wondered how to explain to her young son that she just had raunchy sex with his devoted teacher and the hated student? Laura looked at her son's puzzled expression and searched for a response. "They were," she began, but had to pause. "They were here to discuss," she added, but again was forced to quit her explanation. 

 Jim stared at his mother and refused to look away. "He fucked you, didn't he? Didn't he?" 

 The mother was totally lost for words and merely stared at her son. She didn't know how to lie to her Jimmy and make him believe nothing happened. Tears welled in Laura's bright eyes and Jim knew the answer. He swiftly wheeled around and rushed from the room, leaving his mother staring after his fleeing silhouette. 

 Mrs. Perkins slowly retreated to the sanctity of her bedroom and threw herself on the bed. Laura sobbed for the longest time and eventually came up with a believable explanation, which she hoped would satisfy Jimmy's curiosity. When she went into the living room to face her son, she had a hard time looking him in the eyes. It took every ounce of her courage to tell the white lie, but Laura decided it was necessary. "Ward found out what happened between you and Kerri. He used it to blackmail me," she stated. 

 When Jim didn't move or say anything, the distraught mother continued. "I was stupid, I guess, but I didn't want anyone to find out what happened." 

 "Mother, for God sake, did you have to let the bastard fuck you," Jim whispered, which sent shivers down his mother's back. 

 Laura searched for a plausible justification so she could relieve the pain her son felt. It sounded depraved and downright despicable to have sex with someone other than your spouse when Jimmy said it in the manner he did. "It was nothing, really. He wanted to have sex with your teacher and he didn't do very much to me," she said and wanted to believe the lie herself. She looked at Jim and noticed his face appeared somewhat appeased after hearing her say that Ward desired Kerri more than his mother. 

 "Yeah, Ward's a real woman chaser and you have to watch out for his kind," Jim said, as if giving his mother a warning. "So the scumbag did it to Kerri while you were watching?" Jim asked the question and felt jealousy for Kerri and pity for his mother. 

 "Yes, he had sex with her," Laura whispered, hoping to bring an end to the unpleasant interrogation. 

 Jim realized that Ward took advantage of his mother, but that was of no more concern. He fretted over Kerri having to suffer a sexual encounter at the hands of someone as unruly and unscrupulous as Ward. Jim was content with the particulars told by his mother and luckily for Laura he wouldn't find out any more of the sordid details. 

 The remainder of the evening passed without incident and Laura remained anxious and nervous until bedtime. She went to bed at the normal time and sobbed on her pillow for an hour feeling sorry for herself. She was very upset for acting like a tramp and also for getting caught by her son, but the most disturbing aspect was that she found the sex rewarding and the best of her life. 

 Laura found it hard to get to sleep because one disconcerting fact kept running through her mind. 'Would you let him do it again,' she kept asking herself? It was a simple question and one that she answered with hardly any thought. 'Yes, oh yes, he can have me and use me like he did today.' 

 Without much hesitation, her hand slipped under the waistband of her panties. Laura closed her eyes, as tightly as possible, and she willed herself to sleep. Her plan might have worked except for a greater power of sexual dreaming. Her hand and fingers wouldn't remain still and soon her fingertips toyed playfully with the sparse curly hair on her pelvis. 

 Whether it was real or just her imagination, Laura felt something inside her womb and it was leaking from her tiny cavity. The remnants of the young man's orgasm seeped out and onto the silk material and her damning fingers went into the wetness, as if she wanted to verify an erotic fantasy. Her head filled with demons and it was they that forced her fingers to pinch the throbbing clitoris. She wanted to cry out loud when the clit was squeezed and yanked out of its hideaway, which made her hips react in a most defiling manner. 

 Laura feigned sleep, as the swift climax exploded in her guts and the juices flowed freely. Decency screamed at her to resist temptation, but soon her fingers were completely coated with creamy cum. She knew her soul would be the prize for the devil if she continued yet her fingers kept rolling the clitty in the vast juices to bring immense self-gratification. 

 The flames and emotions that had lain dormant for so many years once again turned into a raging inferno of lust. Suddenly Mrs. Perkins realized that she was in love with what was happening to her. She didn't love a man or a woman, but the passion she felt deep inside. 

 Laura eventually fell asleep, but it was a restless night of tossing and turning. She felt somewhat rejuvenated in the morning and knew her adrenalin level was still sky-high, which enabled her system to overcome the vast exhaustion and lack of sleep. 

 Mrs. Perkins did everything in a customary manner until stepping into the hot shower. One hand held a slippery bar of soap and the other a face clothe. When she ran the soap over her still flustered body, Laura imagined it was Ward washing her skin. She delayed the inevitable for as long as she could. Anticipation and suspense built until she could no longer delay lathering between her legs. 

 Her slippery fingers dipped into the heated space at the top of her thighs and Laura imagined a rugged well-built, young man. She closed her eyes in an effort to make the dream more realistic and then wondered what on earth was wrong with her? Laura wasn't one to get carried away yet her fingers did the unimaginable. The fingers of one hand spread the narrow slit until the vulnerable clitoris was exposed. Laura couldn't stand the wait any longer. Her fingers closed on the throbbing bud and pinched the tender morsel until she fell against the shower wall. 

 Her legs felt like rubber, but that didn't prevent Laura's fingers from rolling the swollen bud around vigorously in the abundant oil. Her thoughts soared into the twilight zone of ecstasy and she was mystified by the self-satisfaction of a sudden orgasm that consumed her spirit. For the first time in her life, Mrs. Perkins masturbated in the early morning, even before starting the day. 

 The hot water washed over her flushed body and the most wonderful feelings slowly cleared her head so that she felt fully refreshed. When the last spasm roared through her body, Laura realized much time had passed and she was late for work. 

 *** 

 Many things were running through Sky's mind. He schemed and deliberated for days and left Kerri alone to give her time to digest her dilemma. Jim saw his beautiful adversary leaving the college one day with Ward and wondered why they would be together? He quickly brushed it off thinking that there was no way Kerri had anything in common with such a dumb jock. 

 His plans were formulated and Jim was ready to implement the next humiliating stages of Kerri's downfall. He planned to use sneaky methods to have Kerri act and dress in unusual ways before hitting her with an extraordinary strategy of deception. He considered it a brilliant scheme to force Kerri into a sexually compromising position with a man she hated because she thought the man was her blackmailer. Being a professor at the college himself and very familiar with everyone, Sky knew exactly who to chose. 

 Jim remembered having Kerri dress in a purely revealing manner after the nipple piercings and saw how embarrassed she acted. He admitted that she had looked seductive in a sheer blouse that put her newly decorated nipples on display to her students. Sky made sure he got close enough to some of the students to hear what they said about the overly conservative teacher and their comments made him even more determined. 

 It was funny how people got comfortable with something strange around them and after a while they didn't even know the thing existed. That was the case with Jim when he sat at the back of the classroom, as the students completely ignored the fact he was part of the faculty and carried on as if he wasn't there. Jim heard the male students talk about Kerri and every one of them thought she was the sexiest teacher alive. 

 What really got Jim's passions aroused was when he overheard the professed lesbian, Wendy Lowe, talking about Kerri to her lady friends. He had no idea that Wendy actually wanted him to hear everything. Ward listened to the student telling her friends how much she would like to get the teacher alone and how she would show Kerri the finer side of girlie loving. Hearing the girls giggle and chat over how erotic and sluttish their physics teacher dressed encouraged Jim to pursue a partner in crime. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** A Professor Is Blackmailed Ch. 04 ****** bydawn1958© Jim mistook Wendy for a naïve, young student who could be outsmarted easily by someone like him. From the first day of classes, he realized the girl was a leader and several of the other girls followed her around the school like loyal servants. His main concern was befriending the girl and becoming someone she trusted. Everything went well with their relationship and once he confirmed his acceptance of her sexuality, their friendship bosomed. 

 After he heard Wendy talking about Kerri, Jim decided to trust the girl. He got Wendy aside one afternoon and brought up the time he noticed her coming out of the staff washroom, which seemed odd at the time. Jim guessed from the radiant flush on the teacher's face when she exited the washroom that something provocative and sexual had occurred. "Last Wednesday you and Kerri were in the washroom... the staff washroom together," he blurted out. 

 It quickly became apparent that the student liked using shock treatment and Wendy believed it would make her appear unique and mature. "Who wouldn't want to be alone with her... with such a sexy woman. She's my new girlfriend," she said and grinned. 

 Jim knew the two had been together for about thirty minutes and he had to know. "What happened? What did you do to her," he asked? 

 "I don't know if I should tell you. You'll spread it all over the school," Wendy said with a big glow on her face. "What do you think I did?" 

 "Don't worry... I won't tell anyone. I just want to know... know what happened, as you were in there for a long time," Jim said. 

 Wendy exuded confidence and relished having the young teacher almost begging her for info. "What do you think I would do when such a sexy bitch won't leave me alone? I fucked her... fucked her right there in the stall," she declared, as her face lit up with the biggest grin. "I can't remember a bitch cumming so hard. She was totally fantastic. I almost choked when she filled my mouth with a river of girlie cum." 

 Wendy definitely embellished the episode, but that was how she did things, as she wanted to prove her power and superiority. "I have to admit that she has the sweetest, shaved pussy. I've never had a girlfriend cum so fast... and so easy," she said and noticed the unintended shock, although brief, on Jim's face. Wendy grinned knowing her words had a drastic effect on the young professor. 

 The girl's brazen statements shocked Jim at first, but he assumed the quick cover-up would hide his astonishment. Their friendship was a union made in hell. Wendy wanted the world to know about her affair with Kerri, but she was smart enough to realize it had to be kept fairly secret. Jim had full control over one of the most esteemed professors and he wanted to tell someone so bad it hurt. "You see... well, I discovered something in Kerri's past... something she doesn't and can't have revealed," he said. 

 "Yeah, right," Wendy said in a jesting manner. 

 "I can make her do anything... any fucking thing I want," Jim replied. "I love making her wear certain clothes." 

 "I thought something was up... when she wore that fucking top. The thing was so see-through and I still can't believe she wore it," Wendy replied. "Makes sense now." 

 "Shit, when I got her to wear the blouse... I really didn't think it was that revealing. It actually turned out better than I imagined." 

 "Boy... did it ever. That was the reason I got her in the washroom. I fucking knew she wasn't going to stop me... so I made her cum like a little girl... right in the fucking stall!" 

 "I'm telling you in confidence." 

 "Yeah, I know." 

 "Make sure you don't tell anyone that I'm blackmailing her... not even your girlfriends," Jim said in a serious tone. "Your days at the college are numbered if you squeal... piss me off." 

 Wendy merely laughed. "Don't worry, I won't tell. Besides, the girls have already inducted the lovely professor into our sorority," she revealed. "She's now a converted lesbian." 

 "Huuummm," Jim replied, as he didn't know what else to say. 

 Wendy dearly wanted the world to know about her control over Kerri and everything that happened during the initiation, but she was smart enough to realize it had to be kept a secret. "What do you plan next," she asked the young professor? 

 "I want her to wear sexy clothes... more revealing clothes like before," Jim said. "Do you have any ideas of what I should make her wear?" 

 The two discussed the matter of the best attire for Kerri. Jim got most of his inspiration from television and off the Internet, but Wendy gave him some ideas. He saw women dressed in certain fashions that radiated sexual implications and he wanted Kerri to walk around in a similar manner. Jim decided Kerri's deportment was far too conservative so he planned for an outfit that would make her look seductive. 

 Jim formalized his plan shortly after talking with Wendy. First he would degrade the poor physics teacher a little more and then force her to have sex with someone Kerri would never tolerate. It took no time for Jim to acquire the clothes for his scheme and he left a bag of the items hanging on the outside mirror of Kerri's car shortly before quitting time one day. He knew she would find the garments and chuckled at the bold maneuver, knowing how surprised Kerri would be. 

 When Kerri left the school that fateful day and saw the plastic, shopping bag on the driver's mirror, her heart stopped. She hesitated before opening it, as she was afraid to see what lay in store. A small folded note was pinned to some sheer, white material and it obviously contained her fortune. Not wanting anyone to see her, Kerri quickly got into the car before removing the message from the bag. 

 'These clothes were picked out especially for you. They will make you look beautiful and sexy. I need not tell you what will happen if you don't follow my instructions to a tee,' Sky's note said in bold type. Not wanting to see what the clothes look like, Kerri started her car and drove home in a dreamlike trance. 

 Kerri got home and waited several minutes before being able to work up enough courage to open the bag. She pulled out the clothes and uttered a shocked gasp because every garment was far more revealing and enticing than anything she would wear. There was a tight fitting t-shirt, which was extremely transparent. Kerri never liked wearing white because the color just didn't hide much and besides the material of this shirt was way too sheer. 

 Next she held up a pair of stretchy pants that looked much smaller than need be. Kerri hated seeing women dressed in tight, exercise leotards and she thought such sportswear showed every curve of a woman's body and didn't leave much to the imagination. Upon checking the garment tags, Kerri noticed that they indicated the correct size even though the clothing appeared small. 

 The directions in the note had been very specific, indicating the blackmailer knew her routine. She was to jog through the same park that she used on a daily basis to exercise. Kerri normally jogged or walked through the park nearest her home to stay in shape and anyone who knew her was aware of her customary routine of doing laps around the perimeter. Luckily the path was fairly curved and windy, as it went through some wooded areas and offered some protection, or so she thought. 

 Kerri read the note over and over. Her mind kept flashing to her blackmailer, but she still wasn't able to put a face to the name. She wondered if Sky would be in the park, but guessed that he would be, just to ensure she obeyed the smutty demands. A shiver ran up and down her back when she prayed that no one she knew would be in the park to see her dressed in the flamboyant manner. 

 The note kept ringing in her ears. 'You are to wear these clothes plus running shoes, nothing else! No bra, no panties, no socks,' the blackmailer had written. 'And make sure you jog three laps like you normally do.' 

 When Kerri read the explicit detail, she knew Sky was aware of her normal routine. In a silly attempt to find more clothes, she actually looked in the empty bag, but the two garments were the sum of what Sky demanded she wear. Then she held up the shirt and black leotards and blushed a bright shade of red, as she visualized doing her exercise in the familiar community park. 

 Her fingers literally vibrated when she removed her clothing in preparation for the dreaded event. It didn't take long to put on Sky's skimpy clothes and Kerri glanced in the bedroom mirror at her reflection. Instant horror covered her pretty face, as she imagined being seen in public dressed in the overly revealing outfit. 

 Kerri looked in the mirror and slowly turned all the way around. The tight leotards hugged every curve and she noticed how the stretchy crotch sucked up into the crevice between her legs. Kerri arranged the material so it didn't reveal her puffy labia, but the obscene image only remained obscure for two or three steps. Try as she may, there was no way of keeping the stretchy garment from cutting into her slit every time she walked. When her most private parts were openly displayed, Kerri wondered what people would think of her. 

 Casting a glance at her upper torso brought further turmoil. Kerri's eyes got bigger at the sight of her boobs showing through the top and she noticed the shinny golden charms dangling seductively from her nipples. Dressing to comply with Sky's demands was more difficult than she imagined, as she hardly ever dressed in a risqué fashion. The time stipulated in the note was five o'clock and Kerri's confidence quickly disappeared with the hour hand striking five. 

 Kerri took one last look at her attire before departing for the park. The distasteful image made her decide to slip on a pair of panties in an attempt to hide the obvious camel-toe so rudely exhibited in the mirror. The term alone sent a shiver down her spine. That was what young students called it when a woman dressed in such tight pants that the embedded material framed her pussy lips. The panties certainly helped her cause, but doubt quickly set in when she wondered what Sky would do if he noticed panty lines. 

 With a shrug of defeat, Kerri slowly removed the extra piece of clothing and dressed as her blackmailer ordered. The threat of Sky telling her family and college directors about her past indiscretions scared her into submission. Kerri reasoned that as long as she kept moving and jogging, no one would notice her obvious lewd exhibitionism. 

 It was a beautiful day with the sun moving in and out of the clouds. The temperature was balmy for the time of year and a light wind blew, which was certain to cause Kerri some discomfort. She left the friendly confines of her home and swiftly made her way to her car. Kerri felt some relief when she reached the car, but that was short-lived, as she glanced down at her chest. Her nipples were swollen from the cool breeze and she couldn't remember the buds so big or erect, which caused her to shiver with rising anxiety. 

 It had to be the worst day of her life. A tear trickled down her rosy cheek and she welcomed the short drive even knowing the solitude was only temporary. The parking area was fairly deserted, which she found nice, but Kerri still hesitated many minutes before working up enough courage to begin the torturous ordeal. The thought of jogging around the park virtually in the nude was terrifying so she decided to do the three circuits as fast as she could. Kerri didn't want to linger or stay in the public spotlight any longer than necessary. 

 The start was traumatic. Kerri hit the path running and she was barely into the first turn when she encountered the first male jogger. The man's eyes said it all. He stared straight at her chest and even though she held her arms up to shield herself, it was obvious he enjoyed the spectacular voyeurism. Kerri shivered in the shame and she grit her teeth in an effort to endure the humiliation. 

 There were many joggers and walkers doing their daily routines and Kerri managed to ignore the many leering glances after the first few passed. She dared not look down or notice what she looked like while jogging, as the numerous startled looks from passersby were enough to indicate she was putting on a show. When the third circuit was completed, Kerri rushed to her car, as her heart beat very rapidly from both strenuous exercise and anticipation. 

 A sudden realization hit Kerri. At no time during the affair had she noticed or even looked to see if her blackmailer was watching. She had been so upset from being forced to act like an exhibitionist that the only thing on her mind was completing the jog and keeping her sanity. Kerri had not watched for a familiar face and it enraged her to know that Sky had made her act so foolishly. 

 The jogging was much faster than Kerri was used to and it caused her to break out in a profuse sweat. Her heart rate slowly returned to normal during the drive home and she wasn't happy until she was inside her cozy home. Kerri uttered a big sigh of relief to have the horrible event over with and she went straight to her bedroom to change out of the soiled clothes. The exhausting humiliation in front of many people had been hard to endure, but she hoped that her actions had satisfied Sky's demands. 

 The memory of the exhibitionism remained vivid in Kerri's mind and she couldn't get the lewd reflection in the bedroom mirror out of her head. The sheer white shirt stuck to her chest like the material was glued to her skin and the top got visibly transparent as it got wet and wetter. By the time she got home after the jog, her dark, hardened nipples were brazenly obvious. The two swollen, pierced buds were plainly visible through the see-through material. 

 Kerri shed many tears of regret after the incident, as the resultant panic response of being vulnerably exposed in front of a bunch of strangers became increasingly real to her. Those people would never know that she was forced to dress in such an exhibitionist fashion. Kerri couldn't forget the ogling of the passersby, as they mentally undressed her during the shameful jog through the park. The profoundly obvious jet-black leotard embedded in her crotch like an obscene gesture of a wanton slut would remain etched in her memory forever. 

 Kerri vowed to never forgive Sky for making her feel so violated. 

 THE END 

 Please email your comments or suggestions as I truly appreciate them. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Professor is Blackmailed Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© Please email me with your suggestions or comments. I am writing this story for a special reader who has given me ideas of what should happen to Kerri and I hope they like what I have written. 

 A Teacher's Past - A DIVERSION FOR KERRI 

 If Jim couldn't have the sexy teacher for himself, he would make sure to humiliate her. His stomach quivered with the thought of a final conquest when he, Sky, would fuck Kerri without her consent, but that was a long way down the road. He felt compelled to degrade Kerri to a point where she would be his devoted subject and his evil mind worked feverishly to come up with the perfect plans. 

 Jim suspected Kerri might eventually discover Sky's identity so he planned to divert her suspicions. First he would make her think that one of the other teachers was the blackmailer. Also he wanted to humiliate Kerri by making her do perverted things in public. He would try his best to keep the humiliation away from the college so as not to jeopardize her career and that would take careful strategy. 

 His first priority was to shift Kerri's focus onto Mr. Tovell, the college's math professor. Sky grinned with the picture of Kerri having sex with her unheralded counterpart. Once that sexual affair was completed, he would force her to dress in a most seductive manner and perform for some men like she never thought possible. 

 *** 

 Kerri considered Mr. Tovell a most unappealing man. He was short, even shorter than Kerri, and he had a large belly that jiggled when he laughed. She hated the way he ogled her all the time in the staff lunchroom and disliked how he seemed to undress her with his eyes. It had to be the worst day of her life when Mr. Tovell came up to her and boldly handed her a small, folded slip of paper. She knew it was an evil note from the broad smile plastered across his ugly, round face. Kerri was glad he left the room immediately so she wouldn't have to look at him when she read the message. 

 Stunned by the man's actions, Kerri slowly opened the folded piece of paper and read. "I know that forcing you to have sex with an intern was an immoral request, but I think you made Jim an extremely happy young man," it read and Kerri shivered in fear. She assumed the fat teacher wrote it, but in fact the note was carefully scripted and planned by Sky. He used certain facts, which would make Kerri think the author was her blackmailer. 

 Jim had shrewdly crafted the note so that it followed an exact scheme, which he planned out to the minutest detail. He wanted to torment and put Kerri through more grief and anguish. Jim knew the math teacher, Mr. Tovell, was a most unattractive man to look at and Kerri always ignored him whenever they were in the teachers' lounge. Her incessant attempts to unearth Sky's identity were her undoing, as she grasped for straws to know the truth. 

 "What happened with Jim, the virgin, and with Wendy in the staff washroom will be kept a secret. I want you to show me your three piercings so meet me in my classroom after last classes today," Kerri read through eyes that were filling with tears. Yes, Jim had been a virgin the fateful day Kerri was forced to seduce the shy, physics intern. Then she assumed Sky watched her every move so it stood to reason that he knew about Wendy. 

 Kerri read the last line of the note and shivered. "After all, I should witness the golden endowments with my own eyes," she read and shoved the terrifying note into her pocket. Her mind went over the possibilities. He knew everything, she thought. Mr. Tovell knew it all. Why him? Oh, why does it have to be him, she wondered? 

 Pangs of agony filled her stomach and Kerri fretted and worried for the remainder of the day. During the entire last class, she couldn't stop thinking about the upcoming rendezvous. Kerri watched the last student leave her classroom and knew it was time to meet Mr. Tovell. A picture of the man went through her head and her whole body trembled in fear and disgust. 

 The hallways were empty when the physics teacher strolled to her destination. Mr. Tovell's door was open and Kerri peaked into the room, hoping the man wasn't there. The first thing out of her mouth when she entered was a question to confirm her beliefs. "Are you Sky," she asked? 

 Her voice was almost a whisper, as she hoped he would say no. Jim had given exact instructions and told Mr. Tovell what his beautiful compatriot would do for him if he played his cards right. "Yes, and please close the door so nobody will see you show me your golden rings," he said, with the biggest smile on his face. 

 Kerri fought the urge to bolt out of the room yet she slowly shut the door, as he requested. The room felt like a cellblock and it gave Kerri a suffocating feeling, which made her heart rate increase. Then the man reached around her torso and locked the door and Kerri felt all hope disappear with a click. 

 "Let's see," Mr. Tovell said and waited a restless few seconds. "Take the fucking blouse off. I want to see the pierced nipples I've heard so much about," he whispered and instantly caught himself so as not to give the secret away. "I mean it was a pretty devilish plan to have them pierced, don't you think?" 

 Jim had instructed Mr. Tovell on what to say and how to say it so the math teacher vowed to heed what the young man said if he wanted to reap the ultimate rewards promised him. The one thing Jim stressed was that for the ruse to work, Mr. Tovell had to be convincing enough to make Kerri believe his name was Sky. 

 The math teacher noticed Kerri's hesitation so he stepped up to her. "Here, let me help you. Or do you want me to tell the rest of the staff about your sordid affairs with students?" Mr. Tovell asked the question and stared directly into the bewildered woman's eyes. 

 Kerri shivered in fear. She looked straight ahead and felt the man's hands go to her breasts. It was the middle of the afternoon and they stood in the classroom, as the disgusting man felt her up. Kerri felt helpless to prevent his despicable groping. She reached up and covered the man's hands with hers, but it was a futile attempt to stop the molestation. 

 Suddenly his fingers went to work. First he unbuttoned the top button of her silky blouse and then worked his way down the front to her waist until the garment hung open. Mr. Tovell lingered at the small indent of her bellybutton, which caused Kerri to close her eyes, as she was afraid to watch what was happening. 

 Mr. Tovell spread the sides of the blouse to reveal a sexy, lace bra. The well- filled cups pushed upward and made the boobs appear much larger than they really were. When he saw the outline of a metal ring in the sheer material, Mr. Tovell knew what it was. He couldn't wait any longer and roughly grabbed the bottom elastic of the brassier, rolling it up and over the luscious titties. His breath caught at the sight of two breasts that were much nicer than any boobs he had seen and the golden charms added to the surreal appearance. 

 Time stood still while the fat man took mental pictures of Kerri's delights. She flinched when the pudgy hand closed over her left boob and wanted to slap the man's filthy face. "Nice... nice tits. They do look ravishing with rings," he whispered. 

 Kerri's body trembled from having to concede to such a disgusting man. Her mind churned frantically for a good solution. She wondered how to make the blackmailer stop? Kerri questioned how to get Sky to leave her alone and not force her to do immoral and sinful things. She was still searching for a decisive answer when Mr. Tovell's hand rushed under the hem of her skirt. In a flash, his fingers closed over the thin strip of material at her crotch of her panties. Kerri abruptly found herself pressed hard against the wall, as she struggled and twisted her lower body in an attempt to get free. 

 Her twists and turns merely enabled the attacker to gain a better hold. Kerri felt sick and she looked down at the top of the man's bald head. "Oh, Sky, please don't... please don't," she whispered and pleaded for her fellow teacher to stop. His damning mouth closed over her right breast and devoured her nipple like it was an all-day sucker. He rolled his tongue around the hard bud and played with the ring in teasing fashion, much to Kerri's horror. 

 Hearing the protests made Mr. Tovell smile with satisfaction and he realized that Jim's clever ruse was working to perfection. All of a sudden Kerri realized that the man's pudgy fingers had slipped under the wet fabric covering her womanhood. Every muscle in his body tensed and Kerri struggled with all her might to get away from the wall. No, she decided, it was impossible and she couldn't submit despite the blackmail. 

 Mr. Tovell released the succulent nipple. "I'm going to finger-fuck you and there is nothing you can do about it," he whispered, looking up and straight into the eyes of a defeated woman. "I'll tell everyone in the goddamn school and show them the evidence!" 

 Kerri whimpered like a little girl when the man rammed one of his fat fingers between the puffy labia for the first time. It was blackmail, but she wasn't willing to take a chance. Luckily there were no windows in the classroom doors and they were on the second floor so nobody could see into the room. There was no sympathy or compassion shown by the man and he easily forced Kerri to follow his directions. He effortlessly manhandled her across the room a few feet and pinned her against his large desk. 

 His fat hand never left her crotch and he squeezed hard enough to bring a moan of protest. "Please, don't do this... don't be so rough, you bastard," Kerri said and slumped against the wooden desk. 

 The trash-talk merely inflamed Mr. Tovell's mind and he desperately wanted to touch and grope every part of her sexy body. He had ogled Kerri during her time at the college and had to admit that in all his years, he had never been with such a sophisticated lady. His brain was so lust-filled and crazed that it took every ounce of willpower to follow Jim's careful instructions and proceed slowly. 

 It was time to turn Kerri into a little piss-ass and tell her exactly what was expected of her. Jim had been specific on three demands and insisted that if Mr. Tovell didn't cooperate fully, he would report his actions to the board of directors. Jim assured the overweight professor that any evidence in the classroom caught on the security monitor would be destroyed if and when he carried out his commands. 

 Each classroom had a camera at the front of the room, which recorded everything that happened. The college had been extremely successful in stopping student problems and destruction of college property since the installation of the security system. It certainly wasn't the best picture that was recorded, but it would give explicate information of what really happened in every camera location. 

 Jim planned well when the system was put in and made sure he was the one that looked after the camera records hoping to reap rewards for future covert actions. New technology was very helpful and it enabled everything to be saved to a computer's hard drive, which made it easy for Jim to access any data. 

 Mr. Tovell felt like he had just rubbed an ancient vase and a Genie granted him three wishes. True, the requests were Jim's, but they were three that Mr. Tovell himself would have prayed for. Jim stated that Mr. Tovell was to strip Kerri naked and ensure to catch her in every ray of light near his desk so the camera could view her nudity. He was to make sure he toyed with her golden charms and force her to willingly endure his molesting. 

 Then he was to ensure Kerri understood that she was going to enjoy cunnilingus from him so much that she would climax. Yes, Jim told him that he was to spread her legs so the camera could see him eating her out. He also stressed Kerri be threatened and told that she must experience an orgasm, or else. Jim told the man he must convince her that he was Sky and tell her he wouldn't reveal her past indiscretions to the board of directors if she complied. 

 Lastly, Jim knew Kerri's demise would be complete if she allowed Mr. Tovell to have intercourse with her. He was most likely the last man on earth that she would consent to have sex with and it would be the ultimate humiliation. Jim's devilish scheme would have the fat man stuff his pecker in Kerri while she lay on her back. He wanted her to watch Mr. Tovell fuck her and see his fat belly between her legs. Jim reasoned that Kerri's humiliation would be all the more complete if she had to observe her own humiliation when Mr. Tovell's cock pierced her pussy without any chance of stopping the man. 

 As far as Jim was concerned, his perverted plan would degrade and punish Kerri to the utmost. The final chapter would be written sometime down the road when the truth was revealed to Kerri, but in the meantime, he wanted to keep her guessing. Jim envisioned her shocked response when it was revealed that Sky was not Mr. Tovell and he grinned in utter fascination. He wanted Kerri to realize how smart and clever he really was and that would be his day of reckoning. 

 Mr. Tovell noticed Kerri glancing at the overhead camera and quickly relieved any fears she had about being observed. Jim had mentioned that the math teacher would have to guarantee the victim was safe from further blackmail by lying to her about a malfunction of the security system. "Not to worry, I unplugged the camera so it won't show my room. I don't want fuckin' people seeing what I do in the classroom," he said and made it sound logical to the distraught woman. Kerri let out a tiny sigh of relief knowing her indiscretions would not be recorded, but still it gave her an uncomfortable feeling. 

 "You just remain still and let Sky take your pretty clothes off," he whispered, pretending to be compassionate. He wanted to rip her clothes off right away, but saw how tightly Kerri was holding the loose sides of her blouse to her chest, trying to cover her nudity. Mr. Tovell clearly used the name Sky in an effort to convince Kerri he was really the blackmailer. Suddenly he remembered Jim's advice and quickly willed his emotions to remain calm. 

 "You have 30 seconds to remove your top, your blouse and bra or I will tell everyone," he whispered and looked her directly in the eyes. Mr. Tovell could see fear and doubt on Kerri's beautiful face and knew he held the upper hand. "You better do as I say, or else," he warned the trembling teacher. 

 Kerri was at a loss and didn't know how to fight the man. Slowly, she dropped her hands and shifted the sheer material over a shoulder. She watched the gleam in the fat man's eyes, as she complied and she shuddered when the blouse dropped onto the desktop. Luckily the bra had been replaced over her breasts during the struggle when Mr. Tovell shifted her body over to his desk and hid her nudity for a short time. 

 Hesitation brought a glare of madness from her teaching counterpart and Kerri knew there were no other options. Her fingers were shaking when they went to the front clasp on the elastic band of her bra and once the small hinge was undone, she waited for a brief second before releasing her wonderful treasures. Mr. Tovell gasped when he saw her boobs again and immediately reached for the end of one. Kerri closed her eyes when his fat fingers found her nipple and she desperately wanted to run away. Obediently, she sat on the edge of the desk and let the ugliest Casanova feel her up like the two teachers were measly teenagers. 

 Out of the corner of his eye, Mr. Tovell could see the perfect vantage point the security camera had of what he was doing to the frightened professor. He twisted and toyed with the small rings and each pull brought a whimper of self- pity from Kerri. Her breathing became quite ragged and all the while she allowed the math teacher to molest her titties. 

 Mr. Tovell quickly became impatient to see the rest of Kerri's sexy body and he gave her a stern warning. "Stand up right now. I'm going to strip the rest of your clothes," he said with a stern and steady voice. It took mere seconds for him to remove Kerri's fine-looking skirt, then dainty panties and stockings, which left her sobbing and naked. When Mr. Tovell caught the glint of shiny metal between Kerri's shapely legs, he almost let out a loud holler. 

 With a rough push, he sat Kerri on the desktop and gave another shove to force her onto her back. Suddenly, with the viciousness of a shark, he grabbed her by the upper portion of her rounded hips and pulled her butt to the edge of the wooden top. In so doing, he spread her legs around his fat torso and Kerri cried for mercy. "Gawd, please Mr. Tovell, Sky, please don't do this to me. Please stop and I won't tell anyone what you did," she whispered through grave sobs. 

 This was the first and only time he had ever been close to a woman's pussy with his face. He could plainly see the small, golden ring sticking out from between the puffy, cunt lips. No, he had not tasted a woman down there and his heart was beating a thousand times a minute in anticipation. How often had he dreamed of having sex on his school desk, he wondered? Suddenly he was close to realizing a fantasy and then he remembered Jim's orders. 

 His pudgy hands went to Kerri's upper arms and he pulled her body upright so he could talk directly into her face. "I'm going to suck your cunt and eat you out," he said and felt a total satisfaction from hearing himself speak. He had fantasized many times of doing such a thing, but never thought he would actually do it. "My only request of you is that you must experience an orgasm or I will release all my incriminating details," he whispered, hoping Kerri would believe everything he said. 

 He suddenly shook her by the arms and stared into her tearful eyes. "Did you hear me," he asked? 

 Kerri remained silent until he shook her again and demanded she answer. "Yeaaa... yes, oh yes, I heard you. Please, please don't. I just can't do it," Kerri whispered in an almost inaudible voice and then she prayed he would yield. 

 "You can and you will... or your future is ruined," he said and Kerri knew her plight was hopeless. Mr. Tovell sensed victory and quickly shoved her down again so Kerri was on her back. The wait was deadly and he swiftly swooped downward until he got a whiff of the heavenly scent. His fat body held Kerri's limbs spread wide and his vulgar mouth suddenly closed over the long, narrow slit. He sucked the round trinket into his mouth and swallowed sweet nectar for the very first time. 

 The dilemma rushed through Kerri's brain and she was absolutely distraught by the solution presented to her. Oh gawd, she thought, she would have to fake an orgasm or this vile man would expose her past to the college. She had heard of women who faked a climax and wondered how they did it? The time had arrived for Kerri to perform like the consummate actress or fall victim to the beast. 

 Her mind went over past experiences and what a woman was expected to do and say. Over and over she thought of how to perform and suddenly out of nowhere, a spasm shot through her loins. The bastard started nibbling on her swollen clitoris like it was a personal possession and pulled the bud out of the delicate opening. His tongue caressed the very tip of the clit and rolled the ring around in the abundant juices. Kerri was still wondering what was happening when a second shiver shot through her loins and she wished he would just stop for a few seconds. 

 Kerri looked down her flat, quivering stomach and saw the predator's baldhead. She gave a sigh of protest at the revolting sight and watched in horror as he tilted his head backwards. This enabled her to see his tongue working madly on the pink flesh exposed so vulgarly between her widespread thighs. 

 It gave the impression of magic. Kerri watched the tip of his tongue dart out to caress the very end of her protruding clit and her mind exploded with brilliant flashes of bright light. Then he rolled the throbbing mass around with his tongue and Kerri's hips rolled from side to side. She wasn't sure if her hips thrust to evade the tongue or to chase it. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Professor is Blackmailed Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© To survive, Kerri willed her brain into another universe and watched the action unfold as if she were someone else. She must resist; she must halt the session before something drastic occurred and Kerri shut her eyes tightly. Rolling her head back so her face tilted away from the ugly teacher, she welcomed the loss of sight. 

 There was a major problem with her strategy. Mr. Tovell devoured the raw clitoris and sucked as hard as he could. All of a sudden a short, fat finger pierced her quiet sphere. He pumped it like a madman and allowed the fingernail to rake over the tender, vaginal walls. "Oh gawd, no... no... don't, oh don't," she cried. Kerri wasn't begging the vile man to stop; she was pleading for her soul to remain strong. 

 The only thing in her head was faking an orgasm. Kerri remembered how he promised to keep her past a secret if she succumbed so she used all of her willpower. She had to fake it, or else. Then there was a lick and the tongue stroked her fluttering clitty, as her tummy quivered on life support. Her throbbing clit was stretched to the extreme and in the back of the man's throat, as his teeth nibbled on the extended bud. 

 Her distraught brain was too confused to think when a loud, passionate moan filled the classroom. Fake it, fake it kept running through her head when her hips vibrated so violently that they shook the desk. Every muscle in her lithe midsection tightened in a futile attempt to stave off defeat, but it was the wrong thing to do. The cream jettisoned out of her belly and filled the man's mouth, much to his delight. 

 Kerri could hear loud slurping noises. She knew Mr. Tovell was drinking with a newfound thirst and she gave up the fight. His hands were under the bare cheeks of her ass and virtually forced her thrusts to be straight at his hungry mouth. She couldn't stop her hips or the animal noises coming from her throat. Then with the most evil intentions, Mr. Tovell rammed a finger into the steamy hole and it made Kerri moan in disgust. 

 She would always remember what went through her mind. "Fatso is fucking me like a real man and making me cum like a slut... a lost woman without any control," she thought. 

 The cunnilingus seemed to go on forever and he was reluctant to halt his sadistic sucking. Every time he mashed the tiny bud into Kerri's pelvic bone, another violent spasm shook her entire body until the reservoir was empty, sucked dry by the vile man. 

 Kerri's body was covered with sweat and glistened like a playboy model. Even though Mr. Tovell removed his mouth from her crotch, Kerri remained motionless on the desktop. The peace and quiet was thoroughly refreshing and she welcomed the respite of not having the despicable man touching her sensitive flesh. 

 It was quiet for so long that Kerri eventually opened her eyes. The first thing she saw turned her stomach and made it churn with dreadful sickness. The fat man was standing mere inches from her crotch and aiming his hard cock at a vulnerable target. He pushed her legs out to the sides and then around his wide hips. 

 Kerri mounted a fight and struggled for her freedom. "No, no, no more, please, you've done enough to me," Kerri pleaded with the man. Pinned on her back with her legs held splayed by his hands, she really couldn't move or get away. Suddenly his rod disappeared below the skyline and Kerri's breathing held for an instant. That was all it took for the bastard to find the gaping pussy and he rammed his cock into the fiery pit. 

 Much to Kerri's dismay, she remembered thinking more about what the man looked like rather than what he was doing. His body was appallingly short and fat while his disgusting manhood was the opposite. His cock was extremely long and so thin that it looked funny. She shuddered in frustration, as he held her long legs against his rounded hips and embedded his penis. 

 It was very fortunate for Mr. Tovell that they were in the positions that enabled him to achieve his goal. His fat belly rose above Kerri and settled on her flat tummy and he felt the intense heat of a woman's inferno for the first time in months, as he buried his throbbing cock to the hilt. Already far beyond an enraged level of desire, he jettisoned molten lava on the second thrust of his hips. It was no surprise his stamina was gone and he shot the large load of burning cum into his captive compatriot. 

 Kerri merely whimpered out loud, as Mr. Tovell filled her sanctuary with his vile semen and she felt like a well-used whore. "Oh fuck... fuck I'm cumming good. I'm shooting my cum inside your fucking belly," he said and Kerri didn't think she would ever forget the disturbing words. "It's so hot... so tight and hot. I can't stop cumming." 

 There was nothing she could do but remain a slave to the hated fat man, Sky. He abruptly let go of her legs and let them drop to the floor, as her upper torso sort of came up off the desk. Mr. Tovell stepped back and stooped down to grab his pants, which had remained bundled around his feet. He was done! The man was finished with his victim and his only concern was relishing in the glory of having realized a rare fantasy. 

 It was over and suddenly Kerri had to get away. She quickly found her discarded clothes and dressed as fast as possible. Then she left the room without another word being said between the two teachers. Kerri rushed down the hallway and she wasn't worried if anyone thought she was in a big hurry. She grabbed all of her belongings from her homeroom and immediately went home to see if she could put her world back together. 

 Mr. Tovell on the other hand was in no hurry to get home to his wife who had as much sex appeal as he did. He planned on staying in his classroom and cherishing the memory of possessing something that was truly wanton and beautiful for once in his hopeless life. 

 *** 

 Jim reveled at being deceptive and searched for new ways of blackmailing Kerri. Her severe humiliation of forced sex with Mr. Tovell plus her having to jog around the city park dressed in revealing attire was satisfying, but he yearned for more. Jim found Kerri's jog through the park a truly memorable sight and he noticed all the admiring glances she received from males. He grinned knowing the outfit he and Wendy had picked out virtually glued to her body like a second skin and he wanted the same for any future exhibitionism. 

 Jim smiled with satisfaction of the knowledge that Kerri still believed Mr. Tovell was her blackmailer. He planned on taking advantage of her naïve thinking and wanted to milk the false belief for all it was worth. It would be priceless to see Kerri's reaction when she discovered that Sky's ingenious planning had fooled her once again. His next intended adventure struck him as truly brilliant, as he wanted Kerri to perform in front of many college students and total strangers. 

 During one of the morning classes, Jim prepared a non-descript note with specific instructions and slipped the piece of paper plus a small picture into her classroom when Kerri left for a morning break. The college's security system would provide Jim with a perfect opportunity to observe Kerri's reaction when she opened the message. Since he took care of the system and maintained it solely for the purpose of his own personal agenda, Jim planned watching the video from her classroom all morning if necessary. 

 Sky knew Kerri would see the note upon entering her room and his eyes were glued to the security computer when that happened. The surprise on her pretty face was evident when she noticed the small slip of paper, as she immediately knew what to expect. Jim observed her right hand cover her mouth in shocked horror and her left hand reached for the note. The scene was mesmerizing and Jim stared at the monitor the entire time. 

 Kerri slowly unfolded the paper and let the picture fall out. Jim smiled with satisfaction when Kerri finished reading and put the note in her pocket while glancing at the picture. He wisely included an explicit photo from the Florida episode knowing it would seal her fate. The picture showed Kerri's face and her hand, which grasped a hard cock positioned mere inches from her open mouth. 

 Kerri felt Sky's absolute control again, as she stared at the alarming photo that brought back appalling memories. Murky questions kept running through her distraught mind. 'Why is he doing this to me? What have I ever done to him?' She asked herself the questions again and again and wondered why Mr. Tovell was blackmailing her? 

 Jim really didn't get the full reward of his shrewd scheming, but witnessing the outward indications from his beautiful teaching counterpart was still quite gratifying. The two classes remaining in the school day were a complete blank to Kerri, as all she thought about was the disturbing note and picture. When her classroom was deserted and quiet, Kerri took the note out of her pocket. 

 How can I carry out any more of Sky's demands, she wondered? His note demanded she wear certain clothing and go to a local bar where she was to drink and dance. The note stated that she was to dance with anyone who asked her and the only other request was that she was to leave the bar at closing time with someone. It didn't stipulate anyone in particular, but merely that she must leave the establishment with someone. Sky promised not to reveal the evidence he held against her to anyone as long as she obeyed his demands. 

 Kerri found Sky's request disturbing, but luckily the note didn't say what she was supposed to do upon leaving the bar. She felt confident that outsmarting some drunk would be fairly easy, which made her feel a little better. Although she didn't go out dancing much since becoming a teacher, Kerri did like dancing so that part didn't upset her. The manner in which Sky wanted her to dress did bother her. Kerri envisioned the dress Sky wanted her to wear and she pictured herself wearing the garment with a bunch of horny men around. 

 The dress itself was definitely not a problem when worn with the proper accessories. In Sky's instructions, he was very specific in mentioning that she wear only the dress and absolutely nothing else, which was a problem. The dress was very low cut, in fact cut almost down to her bellybutton, and Kerri always wore a lacy undershirt with the outfit. 'You won't wear anything under the dress... no bra and no modesty panel like you wear all of the time,' the note stated. 'Wear nothing under the dress and that includes panties or stockings.' 

 Kerri imagined Sky smiling when he wrote the note. 'You will wear the dress and shoes... and I'll let you decide which shoes.' She was infuriated with being blackmailed and it bothered her knowing Sky could easily ruin her reputation if he wanted. What Kerri really wanted to do was rush down the hallway to Mr. Tovell's classroom and confront the man. She reasoned the bastard must have enough sympathy for her to not force her to dress provocatively in public, especially because she was a respected professor. 

 Was it fate or planned, she wondered, when she remembered Mr. Tovell was not at school Thursday afternoons? There was no way she could protest because the man just wasn't there, which she found alarming. She reluctantly bundled her things up and left the school confused and totally overwhelmed. 

 When she arrived home, Kerri immediately retrieved the dress Sky ordered her to wear. The garment was made of very thin material and it was small, almost like there was nothing to the dress. Kerri had only worn it a few times and she remembered wearing the dress to a school function, which most likely gave Mr. Tovell the opportunity to see her in it. There was a slit up the side of the dress that normally showed a tiny hint of lacy undergarment and not wearing panties would surely reveal a lack of decency, Kerri thought. 

 She held the dress up in front of her. The material was thin and certainly too sheer to not wear undies, but she really didn't have a choice. Kerri felt numb and decided to try on the dress to see how it looked without her customary undershirt or modesty panel. The entire time it took to strip and then slip the garment on over her head took seconds, but felt like an eternity. 

 Kerri slowly stepped across the room and let out a gasp when she looked into the full-length mirror in her bedroom. The image was breath-taking and one that almost made her knees buckle. The thin material highlighted her upturned breasts and the golden charms were plainly visible, as they hung from the protruding nipples. 

 Kerri turned slightly to the side and again it took her breath away, as her left titty became exposed. The material was extremely loose in front and gaped open, as she twisted her torso, and actually revealed her luscious breast when she leaned forward just a little bit. She vowed to be very careful and not let the front sag or fall open, which would expose her boobs. 

 Then she turned the other way and the side-slit was revealed. The cut came half way up her hip and it was plainly evident that she wasn't wearing undergarments. Kerri looked at her backside and noticed a hint of bare flesh under the sheer material. She realized that the crack of her ass would be very visible with any kind of lighting so Kerri hoped there would be dim lighting at the intended location. 

 Her mind flashed to the dance bar named HumpT's mentioned in the note and she was somewhat relieved, knowing the bar would be crowded and dimly lit. The name was suitable for a joint that was close to campus and Kerri would quickly find out everything about the darker side of after-hours entertainment. Young college students frequented HumpT's and there was loud rock music and slow dancing most of the time. 

 Sometimes there were wet T-shirt contests and at times they had a best-butt contest. Usually during an evening, an amateur hour occurred and it was an opportunity for some 21-year-old to act like an out of control adolescent. What many people didn't know about the place was that there were semi-private booths along one side, which offered some patrons enough privacy to perform sinful or immoral acts in relative privacy. 

 Since it was still early in the evening, Kerri decided to give Sky a call to see if she could stop the insanity. She found Mr. Tovell's phone number in her records and when she dialed it, her stomach quivered so badly that it was hard to think straight. 

 There were three rings before a female voice answered, which took all of the wind out of Kerri's sails. Her voice cracked and broke when she asked for Mr. Tovell. The woman responded by saying she was Mrs. Tovell and she wanted to know if she could help, as her husband was out for the evening. Kerri found it impossible to explain and she blushed with embarrassment despite being miles away from the woman. She eventually mumbled something about having a couple of questions regarding work, but then quickly added that she would see him tomorrow for the answers. 

 Kerri promptly hung up the phone. Her hand lingered on the receiver and it took her several moments to recompose herself after hearing the voice of her supposed blackmailer's wife. Then she reasoned that it was logical for Mr. Tovell to be out because he was most likely checking up on her obedience to his demands. Kerri realized there was no recourse but to follow the directions laid out by her clever tormentor, Sky. Her destiny lay with the written note. 

 The time stipulated was 11 o'clock and the wait was one of nervousness and anxiety. Kerri found it impossible to accomplish anything worthwhile and her tummy twisted and churned until she felt sick with worry. Shortly before the rendezvous hour, she took one last glance in the mirror and the scantily clad reflection filled her with embarrassment. Kerri heard students talk about HumpT's and she dreaded the thought of meeting students she knew at the place. 

 Kerri applied a little makeup and perfume like she always did and didn't even realize the heightened state of her emotions was making her act strange. She knew the bar's location and drove there in silence, as she pondered her fate. When she drove up to the nightclub, her mind went crazy. 'Geez... geez, I really can't be dressed like this. People will think I'm some kind of tramp,' she whispered and imagined being almost naked in front of numerous strangers. 

 Her heart fluttered in tune with the bright flashing, neon lights. Her tummy churned like mad and Kerri couldn't remember being more nervous. There was a lineup at the door to get in and she prayed that it would prevent her from gaining entrance. That was not to be, as Jim planned well for the evening. The doorman noticed the gorgeous, older woman approaching and he immediately stepped forward to speak to Kerri. "Please, come with me, as we are expecting you," he whispered and grabbed her by the elbow. 

 The man guided her inside the busy bar and whisked her to one side where the booths were located. With a mere shove, he pushed Kerri onto a seat where she faced the stage and dance floor. She didn't order or request anything, but suddenly a drink was placed in front of her and Kerri came to the realization that she had no control over what happened. The music was loud and there were many couples dancing up a storm in a very creative atmosphere. 

 Kerri stared into the crowded dance floor and wondered if her life would ever return to normal? Sky's plan was simple. He wanted Kerri dressed in a purely seductive manner and then have her dance with different men. Jim was positive she would be noticed and receive some very interesting proposals throughout the evening because of her sexy appearance. He was well aware that horny men who drank lots of alcohol normally acted in a brave fashion, which resulted in situations getting out of control. It seemed the male ego got fearless with each drink consumed. 

 Jim planned on watching from some far corner of the bar. He wanted to stay out of Kerri's eyesight and keep his identity a secret for a while longer, yet still ensure she obeyed his instructions. Jim was positive that eventually she would be surrounded by aggressive characters who would make it hard for Kerri to remain sweet and innocent. 

 There was no shortage of suitors and many young men asked Kerri to dance. Most were obviously students from the college and she did her best to limit each guy to one or two dances. Each time Kerri returned to her booth, it didn't take long for a new romantic to appear. Kerri's dress was very popular with the young men and they noticed her obvious charms seemingly displayed in an open, risqué manner. It was all she could do to keep their hands off her private areas and one or two did receive cheap thrills by boldly groping her while dancing. 

 More than an hour passed and Kerri felt exhausted from staying on the dance floor so much. She returned to her secluded booth for no more than a minute when she was surprised by the sound of a voice. "Do you mind if we sit with you? This seat seems to be vacant," a tall dark, young man said and waved his hand at the empty seats in the booth. Without being invited, he sat down next to Kerri who hurriedly shuffled over on the leather-covered cushion to leave a space between herself and the uninvited guest. 

 The world quickly closed in on Kerri when two cohorts of the man filled the opposite side of the booth. "We noticed you sitting all by yourself and just couldn't let a beautiful woman sit alone," the man said and pressed a little closer to Kerri. He introduced himself as Dean and his buddies as Harv and BJ. Drinks flowed quite freely and it was very evident that all three men were well on their way to getting inebriated. 

 Each man had opportunities to dance with Kerri and they seemed to drink without any concern for how the alcohol affected their stability. Through it all, Kerri managed to keep all the men's advances and groping within tolerable limits, but that changed quickly when Dean got much braver. As Harv was finishing his turn dancing with the sexy woman, Dean bragged to BJ about how it was time for a reckoning. BJ really didn't know what he meant by the daring statement, but it was not long before it became obvious. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Professor is Blackmailed Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© Harv and BJ watched from the booth, as Dean hit the dance floor. They could see their buddy's hands roaming over Kerri's body and it was evident that she struggled to keep Dean at bay. It was hard to see exactly what was happening, as the floor was very crowded and the lighting was quite dim, but they were positive that the groping exposed some pearly white skin. 

 Both onlookers noticed an instance or two where there appeared to be more skin than dress covering Kerri's sexy body, but the men really weren't sure of what they saw. The teacher was upset by Dean's offensive fondling right on the darkened dance floor and couldn't wait for the song to end. In a futile attempt to escape, Kerri headed for the relative safety of the booth, but Dean wouldn't allow her to leave the floor. 

 The next song began and Kerri was trapped once again in the arms of the tall, rugged stranger. "Please don't do that... not here with so many people around," she whispered, pleading for Dean's compassion. 

 Suddenly his big hand dipped beneath the short hem of her dress and Dean was filled with the most arousing sensation of his life. He felt or discovered the lack of underwear and his heart rate increased tenfold when his fingers hit the wetness. 

 Kerri twisted and did everything in her power to evade the groping hand. She fought, as best as she could, short of causing a big scene in front of everyone, but nothing helped. It was impossible to move away from Dean's assault and she cursed for dressing in such an exhibitionist fashion. Kerri practically ran from the floor after the song was over and merely dashed past the booth on the way to the washroom. It was fairly crowded in the restroom, but Kerri managed to find an empty stall. She sobbed a tiny bit and rested in the privacy of the small cubicle while trying to regain her sanity and dignity. 

 

 Dean slithered into the booth across from Harv. BJ had found another woman to chase and he departed for greener pastures, which made Dean very happy. He was still overly excited from what just happened on the dance floor and couldn't wait to build his male ego with some boasting. "Man, that's one hot woman. Let's get her out of here and get into her pants," he blurted out with a big laugh. 

 "Yeah, right," Harv replied. 

 "Fuck man, she don't wear panties... or bra. She let me feel her wet pussy right on the floor... while we were dancing," Dean said to his buddy. "I swear to God, no panties... and I think she shaves, as I didn't feel any fucking curly Q's. Man, I had my finger right on her slit. Let's get 'er in the car and fuck her, man." 

 Dean's voice pleaded with his buddy to cooperate, but Harv was hesitant. He had listened to his pal brag about women and tell tales of erotic adventures before, without any real evidence of truth. Then he remembered the scenes, as it appeared the woman kept her sexy body against Dean's and let him feel her up. "I'm not sure. She's sexy as hell, but..." 

 "Don't worry. No woman walks around like that... without bra and panties if she isn't looking for some cock. Let's satisfy the hot bitch. Christ, did you see her ass... those tits... geez, she's one damn, fine looking broad," Dean said, as Harv listened to every word with intense interest. 

 Then Harv remembered overhearing a couple of college students at the bar mention that Kerri was a professor at the local college. "Fuck man, you're right. I heard a kid saying that she's a college professor. Man would I love to be in one of her classes," he said with a growing excitement. 

 Dean's mind was inflamed and soaring even higher. "Did you see how I fingered her on the fucking dance floor," he asked his buddy with a devilish grin on his face. "She squirmed like a bitch in heat. Fuck, I can't remember my cock getting so hard and I wanted to bang the bitch right there." 

 "I thought you were feeling her up." 

 "Did you see how I put my hand inside her dress? Fuck, I had her boob exposed right there... in my fucking hand. You know what else? She's got the nicest golden ring on her nipple and it just makes you want to suck it," Dean whispered and a determined smile covered his rugged face. "And you know what? I'm going to do just that!" 

 "I'm with you, Deano!" 

 "Come on, you drive. I'll get her in the backseat and fuck her brains out. Then we'll switch and you can fuck'er with that big stick of yours," Dean told his friend who was getting more aroused by the minute. "She wants it; I can tell. I'm going to screw her brains out!" 

 "Fuck, I'd do anything for a piece of that ass," Harv replied. 

 Dean was smart enough to know Kerri could possibly leave the building if they did not intervene. "We'll meet her when she comes out of the washroom and take her for a nice fucking ride," he told Harv and they left the booth to block Kerri's next move. 

 When Kerri came out of the room, the two men met her. "Come on, honey, we're goin' for a ride," Dean whispered and took Kerri by the arm in an attempt to lead her towards the exit. 

 Kerri knew enough not to go with the men, but Dean was aggressive and held her firmly by the arm. He was a typical, horny man who exuded confidence far beyond reasonable limits and found nothing wrong with using physical force. In fact, Dean reasoned that women liked his brute strength so he used it often. Being the shy, cooperative woman all of her life, Kerri didn't want to create a scene and that enabled the man to get her away from the crowd without any big fuss. 

 Dean kept her feet moving and they wound up outside and in the parking lot before Kerri could really say anything, as it all happened so fast. Suddenly he opened a car door and pushed the terrified woman into the backseat. "Wait! I can't leave yet. I promised to meet someone here and they will be expecting me," Kerri said, hoping the fib would make the man reconsider. She held out her arms to keep Dean at a distance, but he merely pushed her slender arms aside. 

 It gave Dean enough space to quickly jump into the backseat and slam the door shut, trapping Kerri in a small prison. She looked into the front and noticed the man's buddy getting into the driver's seat. When the car stared moving, her heart started beating madly, but any hope of escaping seemed futile. Dean shuffled across the seat and she busied herself straightening her dress in an attempt to cover her essential body parts. 

 Kerri was extremely frightened. She wanted to stay out of the man's grasp so she cowered into the corner of the backseat, as the car sped away from the nightclub. Her feeble protests were drowned out by the sound of the car's engine and she was hysterical, thinking about the trouble she was in. Kerri glanced to the side and the sight of Dean ripping open the front of his pants confirmed her fears. "Dear gawd, how can this be happening to me," she asked, even though no one was listening. 

 All of a sudden big, rough hands were groping her body. Dean easily slipped the loose fitting dress off Kerri's sleek shoulders and all of her struggles were in vain. The garment quickly fell down her torso and gathered at her waist, leaving her chest naked for the predator who had an evil glint in his eyes. In a flash, Dean devoured an exposed nipple, as if it was the sweetest candy, and he pinned Kerri's arms at her sides with his strong hands. 

 Until Dean's extremely bold assault, Kerri deemed she could control whatever happened, but things went astray real fast. "No, no, please don't. I'm not that kind of woman," she moaned in protest. "Please, take me back to the club so I can meet my friends." 

 Dean was far beyond the realm of reason and sanity. He lifted his head from the heavenly treasures and stared straight into Kerri's teary eyes. "Look bitch! You almost fucked me on the dance floor and no innocent woman would let a man feel her pussy like you did," he stated with a serious look on his face. "No woman dresses without panties unless she really wants 'it'. Christ, you shoved that bare snatch at me all night... you're one hot bitch!" 

 His eyes burned a hole in her willpower. "No... oh please, don't," she begged. 

 Dean glared at the shocked teacher. "Now get that fucking mouth of yours on my dick and show me how you like sucking cock... real cock," he ordered. 

 The man didn't give her a chance to resist; he merely grabbed Kerri by the hair and shoved her face into his lap. His strength was astounding and he easily rammed his throbbing pecker at the teacher's tightly closed lips. Her lips separated and the knob was inside her mouth despite her efforts to twist or turn her head. 

 Millions of stars flashed inside her head and it was hard to think straight. Kerri searched all possible scenarios and although her dilemma appeared hopeless, she reasoned the safest way out was compliance. The reality hit her like a lightning bolt and Kerri became aware of the man-sized cock in her dainty hand. Her fingers wrapped around the thick shaft to make a fist, much to Dean's delight. The flared head pushed into her mouth and she was unable to stop him from filling her throat with his throbbing penis. 

 Dean was thoroughly aroused to a point where his stamina was almost zero and his hips began to buck out of control. Kerri sensed he was about to cum in her mouth and readied for the first, lewd blast. All of a sudden hot, burning lava erupted from the head of his big prick and filled her throat. Kerri gulped and swallowed as fast as possible so she wouldn't choke on the filthy liquid. All the while her fingers were wrapped around the cock shaft and the man was getting immense pleasure from the amateur blowjob. 

 Desperation was evident in Dean's voice. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, she's sucking my dick... so fucking good. I'm blasting my cum down her throat and she's swallowing it all," he moaned, as his body went rigid. Kerri heard and shuddered from the vile remarks, as the stranger used her for his sexual pleasure. "Oh fuck, Harv, when you get your big dick in this bitch, I swear to God you'll hear her scream for mercy." 

 Suddenly his hips went out of control and he pumped his cock in and out of Kerri's mouth in true fucking fashion. "She's the hottest bitch I've fucked and she gives the best blowjob... even better than those students from last year," Dean mumbled, as his climax slowly subsided. 

 During the explosive encounter in the backseat between the physics teacher and his drunken buddy, Harv managed to find a secluded parking location. Luckily he had been the designated driver for the evening so he wasn't impaired, although watching his friend in the backseat had taken his attention away from driving. As soon as he parked, Harv turned around and watched the fantastic blowjob. 

 When the action slowly came to a stop and the mind-blowing orgasm ended, Harv quickly got out of the front seat. There was just enough room in the backseat beside Kerri and he squeezed into the space with his heart beating overtime. Kerri was more concerned at regaining her breathing after having the cock shoved down her throat and she didn't resist when the stranger shuffled up against her. It took the two men about five seconds to readjust her lithe body to suit their next objective. 

 With one swift fluid motion, Harv stripped the lone skimpy garment from Kerri's body. The dress proved of little use to begin with so she wasn't overly upset to have it removed. What did bother her was sitting on top of a man's lap and it was very obvious that Harv had immoral intentions, as his cock waved in the air like a flagpole. Her titties literally swayed back and forth and each man couldn't keep his hands off the luscious tits. 

 Harv knew exactly how he was going to ravage the naked woman and he ignored Kerri's frantic pleas for safety. He twisted her body so that she faced away from him, which enabled Kerri to sit in his lap and still have enough headroom. She had to put her arms out to prevent falling forward and her hands found a firm grip on the headrests of the front seats. 

 Kerri tried desperately to hold her thighs together, which meant her lower legs were spread out to the sides of Harv's legs in a spread-eagle fashion. She was in a most precarious position, but there really wasn't anything she could do to stop the men from getting the advantage. They had superior strength and power to prevail that allowed them to gain complete control over a graceful woman no matter how she struggled. 

 Harv didn't have time or space to remove his clothes and he merely loosened his pants enough to shove them down to his knees. With Kerri captive in his lap, he had complete freedom. Harv felt Kerri wiggle her hips backwards so that she wasn't sitting directly on top of his tool. He grabbed her by the shoulders and easily brought her upper body back against his hairy chest. 

 Kerri felt the erection stabbing her tightly closed thighs and eventually the hard cock forced its way between them, as it sprang straight up in the air. Her heart basically stopped when she glanced down at the bulbous cock-head and she found it hard to breathe. Suddenly the man's hands closed on her bare butt- cheeks and he sort of lifted and guided her hips forward. 

 Kerri sensed her demise was coming shortly, but she needed to utter a last protest. "Oh please, please don't do this to me," she pleaded with the stranger. Then she felt something poking her crotch and in the blink of an eye, it was pressing on her soaked labia. "No, dear gawd, no... please don't." 

 Her prayers were answered, as her hips shifted backwards again. By this time Dean was helping his buddy and he managed to get Kerri's legs spread fairly wide. The ominous cock slipped between her velvety thighs, but threateningly the thick shaft rested against her heaving belly. The burning meat singed her flesh and the head virtually ran all the way up her tummy and onto her bellybutton. 

 Kerri stared down at the overwhelming sight. "No... no, please no, it's too big... so long... so big," she pleaded in obvious fear of the man's extra endowment. Her eyes opened wider and she noticed how the cock grazed her entire belly and rubbed the tiny indent in the center of her stomach. The tip of the massive head was decorated with wet semen and made the cock appear frightening. "Please stop... please." 

 Dean watched his buddy get ready. "Christ Harv, you'll split her pussy with that fucking tool. If you get that fucking thing in her man, she'll be your bitch forever," he said loud enough for the world to hear. "I knew she was one hot bitch when she wasn't wearing anything under that dress." 

 Harv grunted and his temperature raised about ten degrees. "I'm ready, man, ready for some sweet pussy!" 

 "Give it to her. I can hardly wait to see the look on her face when you fuck her with that cock... big cock," Dean whispered, as he imagined the pending intercourse. 

 Hands were all over her body. Someone squeezed her ass and her tits were fair game as well. The glistening head disappeared and Kerri held her breath in anticipation. She felt her body rising and then shift forward a few inches, as Harv repositioned his cock-head so it grazed her vulnerable crotch. The fear hit and she reacted. Kerri reached down under her torso and grabbed the pulsating shaft in her right hand. She pressed downward and held the man-toy away from her shivering pelvis. 

 Harv loved the sensations of Kerri squeezing his swollen cock, as her fingers tightened around the thick shaft. He sort of jerked his hips and enjoyed the momentary thrill of having his cock molested by the gorgeous teacher. Kerri squeezed hard fearing the consequences if she let go, which merely brought ruthless enjoyment to the stranger. "Oh no, no, you can't... can't do it to me. Your cock... I've never had one so big, please stop," she whispered in grim desperation, as the man put his big hands on her ass cheeks again. 

 Kerri leaned forward slightly and peered down under her raised pelvis. Her eyes opened as wide as possible when she noticed her small hand wrapped around the thick penis and she found it very hard to breathe. She started to cry and tears ran down her rosy cheeks, but the men were oblivious to her turmoil. The only thing on their lust-filled minds was self-fulfillment. Dean thrust one hand into Kerri's crotch and without any foreplay he rammed a finger into her cunt. "You want cock... don't you slut," he whispered while peering into her teary eyes. 

 She knew not to let go of the enlarged manhood. "Oh please... please, no, no," she uttered, as her plea sounded like words from a frantic woman. 

 "Spread your legs, honey. Show us that precious cunt... the one that teases all of the horny college boys," Dean said and used his free hand to push her legs farther apart. Harv had his hands on her bare bum and he kept holding her in the air above his pulsating cock. 

 "Please, please Dean, don't do it. Don't touch me there," she moaned with the nervousness of a lost child. Kerri reasoned that by using the man's first name would fetch her freedom, but she was mistaken. 

 The next few seconds would remain etched in her mind forever, as everything happened in slow-motion. Dean removed his finger and grabbed her by the wrists, yanking her fingers off Harv's hardened prick. Then he forced her hands up to the headrests again and Kerri hung on for dear life. Her body hovered in the air, as her hips perched directly above the upstanding cock. 

 Kerri stared straight ahead into the starry night. She felt something probing and touching her vulnerable crotch and suddenly all of the air was knocked out of her chest. The cock-head cut her puffy labia and wound up inside her slick vagina with one stern thrust and pull. Kerri let out a shrill cry of protest and one that begged for mercy, but it merely enraged the lust-filled man. Harv grabbed the top of her flared hips and yanked her torso downward as hard as he could. 

 Kerri's heart beat so rapidly that it pounded in her chest and she waited for the intense pain to hit. Dean watched in awe, as his buddy screwed the sexiest woman either of them had ever been with. The big cock-head spread the teacher's vagina like a knife through butter and it was a memorable experience for everyone, one way or another. The pain never came and for some unknown reason, the men didn't rush the intercourse. 

 Slowly and with divine passion Harv inserted every inch of his meat into the heavenly inferno. He grunted like a wild boar and slowly moved his cock in and out of Kerri's slick pussy. "Fuck, oh fuck, man, this bitch is tight... hot and tight. My cock is on fire," he said, as he was the happiest man in the world. Harv groaned out loud and every time he pumped up at Kerri, he grunted with joy when a blast of searing cum shot into Kerri's belly. 

 Kerri knew the man was filling her with his devilish seed, but she couldn't stop him. It took Harv several thrusts of his powerful hips to empty his tank, as he slammed his cock into her deepest regions with all of his might. She was a 120 lb woman being fucked by a beast and Kerri would remember the humiliating affair for the rest of her life. 

 Kerri clung to the back of the front seat and she heard the vile statements from Dean. "Hurry... hurry up Harv. I've got a raging hardon ready to fuck her. Christ man, how much cum do you have anyway," he asked, as his buddy's climax slowly came to a dramatic end. 

 Eventually the two men moved Kerri for the next conquest and they easily overcame her inferior strength. Dean was an exceptionally crude man and he treated women that way. So far he had demonstrated exactly what was expected of the nightclub pickup and he went right ahead and did what he desired despite any objections from Kerri. He mashed his lips against Kerri's and kissed her hard, as he groped her nudity to fulfill more of his erotic dreams. 

 Dean acted like a horny teenager who couldn't wait while Harv simply watched his buddy take over. No man had ever treated Kerri in such a degrading manner and she seemed powerless when under the attack. Dean broke the kiss and used an intense animal lust, as he demanded his bitch reciprocate even if she didn't want to. "Spread you fucking legs, slut. I want that horny cunt," he whispered. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Professor is Blackmailed Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© Why she obeyed would always haunt her. Kerri hated men who acted like Dean and ones that treated women without respect yet she complied by spreading her legs. There was a strange mystery in front of her and she begged to discover how her mind would react to the repulsive actions from Dean. Kerri knew she would regret the next few minutes of her life, yet she was unable to extinguish her inquisitive emotions. 

 It was a 30-second Rocky-Horror picture show. The shock of what was happening in the backseat of the automobile hit Kerri with a bang. She was lying on her back and pushed into the corner of the backseat while two almost naked men were assaulting her. Harv's brazen nakedness was to her left and he sat on the floor, squished between the seats. His big hands reached for her body and fondled her at will, as he paid particular attention to her boobs. 

 Looking straight ahead, Kerri noticed the hungry vulture circling its prey. Dean bent his lanky body and hovered over top of her so that the weight of his body pinned her down. The movie got more dramatic by the second, as Dean kissed and licked her vulnerable midsection on his way to never-never land. 

 Kerri's breathing suddenly got ragged when the demanding lips struck her bare tummy and her stomach muscles jerked wildly in response to the man's darting tongue. Dean rammed his stiff poker into her bellybutton and used a fucking motion to tell Kerri what she should expect. 

 All of a sudden the lights went out in the erotic movie. Kerri shut her eyes and her brain cried out. 'Stop, stop, don't touch me there... not like that,' were the unspoken thoughts of her protest. It upset her further because she knew what Dean was going to do next and she remained motionless. His coarse, calloused hand went between her splayed legs and instantly his fingers found the vital control button, which Kerri knew would lead to her downfall. 

 The damning fingers squeezed the clitoris and yanked the delicate bud out of the puffy pussy-lips. The movie was vivid and very colorful. Kerri teetered on the edge of a cliff and imagined herself falling and floating through the air. She felt Dean's powerful urges and demands and didn't know what to do. He was forceful and much rougher than any man who she had sex with, but somehow that didn't bother her. Every time Dean pinched the elongated clit, Kerri discovered a willingness to endure the erotic pleasures of the devil. 

 Dean could smell the scent of stale sex of used semen and sweat from the earlier intercourse between Kerri and Harv, but he didn't care. His enraged mind had one goal and he was determined to succeed without any consideration for Kerri's feelings. 

 Dean stared at the adorable pussy for the first time and marveled at the shaved beauty. The long, distended lips ran from the raised pelvis to the narrow barrier separating the two enchanting entrances. He rolled the swollen clitoris in abundant juices and held the protective hood wide with his fingers to fully expose the tender bud. Encouraged by Kerri's reactions, Dean swooped down and flicked his tongue out to caress the pink flesh. 

 The tongue slapped her fragile clit three or four times and her hips responded. Maybe it was the scene; maybe it was the location or maybe it was just the feeling of not having any choice in what happened, but Kerri sensed unusual sensations deep in her guts. Suddenly Dean's sharp teeth closed on her universe and she screamed out loud. Was it pain? If it was pain, it was very short lived. 

 Kerri was confused and not sure what was happening. Things were occurring rapidly and the villain nibbled on her tender clitoris without the slightest hesitation. She arched her back and tensed every muscle in her body, as her hearing got acute. "Holy shit, Dean. I think she's cumming... fucking cumming," Harv stated, as he watched the lithe hips thrust madly at the hungry mouth, making it hard for Dean to hold onto her body. 

 The words would forever be imprinted in her memory and Kerri sobbed with embarrassment. The skillful cunnilingus continued, as Dean released the throbbing mass from his teeth and then battered it with his tongue. Kerri thought the top of her head was going to explode when Dean performed illicit magic on her precious body. 

 This profound ecstasy should be reserved for a man she loved or cherished, yet every ounce of dignity was lost to a stranger. Kerri came from a family with a strict, religious background and the lust filled her with fear. She was fully aware that she would regret her actions, but her body refused to follow the will of her mind. A signal of consent went to the madman who was using her body for his perverted pleasures and Kerri didn't care whether it was immoral, wrong or sinful. 

 Kerri rolled her head back and forth. "No... no... no," she moaned. 

 "Yes, man she's fucking cumming. Eat that gorgeous bald pussy," Harv said to his buddy. 

 Loud slurping sounds filled the backseat of the rocking car, as loud moans of ecstasy were yanked from Kerri's throat. Dean devoured the leaking slit and drank the river of cum like it was honey. He knew Kerri was sweet innocence and a woman of grace, which made the conquest even sweeter. Dean sucked the tender morsel while he ignored the obvious remnants of Harv's orgasm. 

 Her entire clitty was inside the hot mouth and Kerri couldn't prevent her lithe hips from bucking wildly with every caress of the man's crude tongue. It took mere seconds for her emotions to soar into the heavenly clouds and she realized her body was out of control. What Kerri endured with Harv was the result of Dean's cunning wishes and she was to suffer another demoralizing event. Harv knew it; Dean knew it and now Kerri knew it! 

 The man left her stamina hanging by a sheer thread. Kerri saw Dean leave her pussy through blurry eyes and she watched him hover over her outstretched body. His body language spoke volumes and she obeyed his silent requests without any delay. Her legs were widespread and she allowed Dean's narrow hips to enter the threshold between her thighs. 

 It was the strangest feeling in the world. Kerri felt empowered to give the stranger who she met mere hours earlier a satisfying reward. The master consumed the slave and Kerri wrapped her slender arms around Dean's muscular back in obedient fashion. The prior orgasm had broken her spirit and Kerri used her legs and arms to hug the stranger into her womanly body. 

 As if by design or it might have been magic, Dean's throbbing pecker speared the puffy pussy-lips with one violent thrust and the conquest was instantaneous. He started pumping his hard cock in and out of Kerri like an evil spirit possessed him. The earlier blowjob gave him newfound stamina and would aid in his capture of the woman he considered a wanton slut who wanted to get picked up at the nightclub. 

 Dean was brutal and very rough, as he fucked Kerri hard, but she clung to him as if he was her savior. The prior orgasm was only a beginning and she felt her inner regions go into convulsions. Her heart raced to keep up with her soaring passions and Kerri struggled to understand what was happening to her once subtle emotions. The hard cock seemed to have a million tiny fingers caressing every sensitive nerve in her most responsive epicenter and another orgasm burst like a new beginning. 

 There would be guilt and shame in the future, but that didn't concern Kerri. A gigantic climax robbed her mind of any reason, but her humiliation wasn't over. Dean wanted to hear her speak and reveal her inner desires, as he continued the relentless fucking. He arched his back and glared straight into her teary eyes when he brought a finalization to the degrading affair. 

 It was a mystery how Kerri knew what to do without being told. "Yes, oh fuck, you're so deep... I can feel your cock deep inside me. I can't stop... oh gawd, I can feel your seed filling my pussy," she moaned in obedient fashion. 

 Dean thrust with all of his might and he used every muscle in his loins to plant his poisonous venom deep into Kerri's womb. "Move it slut... move that sexy ass and fuck me hard, slut," he ordered. 

 Kerri welcomed the humiliation despite knowing it was wrong. "Aaaahhhh, it's so hard... your cock is big and hard. Fuck me... fuck me you bastard," she whispered, as the cock pumped in and out of her womanhood. Her insanity lasted for the longest time and she became the slut Dean wanted her to be. 

 Harv was simply amazed at how the once refined, untainted woman was succumbing to his buddy's rowdy demeanor. He had never witnessed a woman roll and thrust so passionately while being filled with a man's cock. Her filthy words of conceding defeat were ones he would always remember with fondness and he would most likely replay them over and over in his mind for many years. It would surely be reason for many occasions of self-gratification down the road. 

 It filled Harv with great trepidation to realize that it was well into the early morning and time to go home. With great reluctance, he discussed the departure with Dean and it was decided to drive Kerri back to her car at HumpT's. Kerri wanted to get dressed, but that was out of the question with the men preventing any move to regain her dignity. Dean sensed his pal's rejuvenation and volunteered to drive the short distance back to the bar. 

 It took several minutes for Dean to get into a presentable condition and Harv didn't remain idle when his buddy got dressed. He rolled the naked woman off the seat and onto his lap so that Kerri was facing him. She was like a small breeze in the thunderstorm and unable to prevail over any of the man's advances. Her knees were bent and went around Harv's hips in spread-eagle fashion. Kerri squatted over Harv's pelvis in an almost debasing manner and it left her extremely vulnerable and unprotected. 

 Harv groped the naked woman and wouldn't allow Kerri to get dressed. The luscious titties were inches in front of his face and the temptation was too much, as he devoured a nipple and areola. Kerri struggled and protested, but Harv's determination won out. He sucked hard on the titty and tried to get as much boob in his mouth as possible. 

 Kerri put one hand on the man's chest and one on his shoulder in an attempt to keep him at a distance, but her protest did little good. Harv was far stronger than Kerri and he easily engulfed the enlarged nipple. He put a definite mark on the velvety flesh when he sucked as hard as he could and then he used his teeth to caress and rake the golden nipple. 

 Kerri sobbed in defiance, but she was quickly overpowered and far too weak to fight such a strong man. The car started moving, but the heated action in the backseat continued. Harv was aware that his time was running out and he would have to hurry if he wanted to satisfy his ravenous lust before getting back to Kerri's car. Having watched his close buddy fuck the naked woman who they picked up at the bar certainly rejuvenated his sexual drive, as he was horny again. 

 Dean adjusted the rearview mirror so he could watch the struggle in the backseat and his eyes often riveted to the erotic scene, almost ignoring the road. Luckily the roads were deserted and the weaving car was in no jeopardy of being in an accident. 

 "No, not again... gawd not again," came a sorrowful voice from the back, but the action seemed to intensify. "Please, no, no, not again... please," Kerri begged, but the plea had little effect on the stranger. 

 Harv had grown impatient and felt his male hormones beginning to race once again. It was similar to being denied something and wanting it even more. Harv released the hardened nipple and allowed Kerri's boobs to bounce freely before his ogling eyes. He deduced that she had splendid tits and they were his for the taking. His mind was inflamed to a point where he didn't hear one word of protest from the struggling woman. 

 The scene was dramatic. Harv easily held Kerri's flexible body in his lap and his long spear lay along his belly with Kerri's crotch perched over top of the pulsating meat. There was no threat of penetration as long as she could keep the flared head pointed away for her. That changed in an instant when Harv pulled her torso into his rugged chest. He held her steady and wiggled his hips until his throbbing cock ran along the narrow strip of fertile land between Kerri's velvety thighs. 

 The position was extremely dangerous and Kerri tried to escape the man's assault. She arched her back in a futile attempt to keep her distance, but Harv knew exactly how to counter her resistance. He kept his arms wrapped around the struggling woman to hold her close to his chest and then tried to attain his goal without a helping hand. His long hard shaft rose in anticipation and he rubbed the dripping head through the quivering crotch. 

 Kerri felt a poke and she twisted to her left; then she felt another poke so she twisted to the right, but she couldn't stop the man. She was well aware Harv was trying to plant his rod in her steamy grotto and she sobbed in despair. "Oh... oh, no, please don't... don't do it. Please don't," Kerri pleaded. 

 Dean watched the heated action in the mirror and wished he were free to join the tussle. He could see Kerri's bare back twisting and turning and it was easy to imagine what was happening below his vision. It was obvious to Dean that his buddy wanted to screw the teacher one more time before they dropped her off at HumpT's. 

 Dean's heart raced when he heard the chilling sobs of a desperate woman. "No, you did it. Your thingie is... is... no, you're in... it's inside," Kerri moaned and her breathing stopped. 

 Harv squeezed his arms around Kerri and held her steady when he thrust upwards with his powerful hips. "Oh baby... oh baby, you're so fucking hot... fucking hot and ready," he groaned. 

 "Oooough, please don't, oh, please don't," she said and her voice quivered. 

 Dean noticed Harv's hands shift down the bare back and grab the smooth rounded hips. The fingers of Harv's big hands spread across the tops of the flared hips and then he yanked downwards with determination. The struggling woman uttered a sob, but there was nothing she could do to stop the assault. 

 Kerri realized Harv was going to fuck her without her consent just like he did earlier. She cursed her abductors, but reasoned they were not really to blame. It had been her seductive actions that led them on. Sky made her dress in a provocative fashion and forced her to act like a wanton woman, much to the delight of Dean and Harv. 

 Dean drove but tried not to miss anything. He envisioned the precious womanhood engulfing Harv's big cock and felt pangs of jealousy. "Oh fuck, fuck she's tight. This slut is great... wonderful and I can feel my cock ready to burst," Harv whispered, as he drove his cock to the hilt. He felt Kerri's pelvis hit his own and then he held perfectly still for seconds, dreaming of heavenly bliss. The pressure increased inside his loins to monstrous levels, but Harv wanted to cherish the tremendous thrill for as long as possible. 

 The heat of the fiery inferno eventually took a toll on Harv's stamina. His hips thrust upward with two or three random jerks, as he readied for the final assault. A small amount of pre-cum seeped from his throbbing pecker and Kerri felt his muscles begin to quiver. She knew what was about to happen, as a totally helpless feeling filled her head. 

 Resigned to the horrible fact that the man was going to have intercourse with her, Kerri pressed against Harv's chest, allowing the man complete freedom to fulfill his rancid desires. Dean's eyes opened wider and he stared into the mirror when Harv's face turned to stone and almost appeared etched with agony. 

 The three occupants of the car were consumed by animal instincts of sexual satisfaction. One man made loud bestial noises and his hips were bucking madly up and down. The other man was holding his breath, watching what he considered a truly erotic movie and wishing he were part of it. The woman was also making animal noises, but for an entirely different reason. She struggled to prevent the consummation of the affair without any chance of succeeding, as she wept while the man filled her delicate womb with molten lava. 

 Kerri remained in a kneeling position with her knees pushed into the back of the seat and around Harv's hips. Strong hands pulled down hard on her flared hips every time the powerful hips thrust upward and Harv emptied his load deep inside Kerri. The climax was prolonged, as long as humanly possible, but eventually Harv collapsed into an exhausted shell in the corner of the backseat. He hugged the troubled teacher tightly into his sweat-covered body while his heart rate slowly returned to normal. 

 The car came to a stop in the almost vacant parking lot and it filled Dean with sadness, knowing the affair was coming to an end. It took Kerri mere seconds to retrieve her wrinkled dress and put it on once she gained her freedom from Harv. The comfort of finally covering her nakedness was a tiny relief compared to the memory of what she endured over the past couple of hours. Kerri shuddered from the nightmare and she found the encounter with two strangers very overwhelming. 

 Kerri quickly got out of the car. Without a backward glance, she jumped into her car and speedily drove away from the deserted nightclub. The drive home was done in quiet solitude and Kerri didn't relax until her car was parked inside her garage. She uttered a little sob and hugged the steering wheel for many minutes, as her mind relived the backseat adventure. What Kerri found most disturbing was the way she acted with Dean. She hated such men yet she acted like a wanton slut and almost willingly has sex with him and his friend. 

 One thing most vivid in her mind was the visualization of the hard, manly body above her. She remembered how Dean, without saying a word, forced her to beg him to continue. Kerri couldn't recall being so aroused and feeling such lustful passion despite being filled with hatred. The vision of spreading her legs and willingly permitting Dean to take her, as if she was his whore, caused her to whimper with regret. 

 Kerri was confused. She wondered how it was possible to act so brazenly and without any regard for her well-being. It was disturbing to know that she practically yearned for Dean to rob her soul and it would bother her for a long time. Kerri remained in her car until she felt ready to face the world again and it was almost sunrise by the time she got to bed. 

 Luckily she didn't have classes first thing in the morning and Kerri stayed in bed until midmorning. The extra rest gave her time to regain her thoughts and put her mind back together. Kerri breathed a big sigh when she decided to confront Mr. Tovell and tell him once and for all that Sky was dead. She would no longer do as he requested and he could not blackmail her anymore. The more Kerri thought about her decision, the more it made sense because it sounded logical. 

 Her courage grew with the morning sun and Kerri was prepared to meet her destiny by the time she got to the college. She went directly to Mr. Tovell's homeroom and got there just when his class was leaving. Once everyone departed, Kerri entered the classroom and stared at the repulsive man, as he fumbled with papers and books on his desk. 

 Mr. Tovell was smart enough to figure out that Jim was blackmailing Kerri for reasons he really didn't care to know. The fact his young associate used him against Kerri gave Mr. Tovell no regrets, as he had certainly been rewarded with more than enough compensation. It had been the best sexual encounter of his life and for that he was grateful. 

 Mr. Tovell noticed the determined look on Kerri's face and decided to take the initiative. He reasoned that she was going to confront him and wanted to get the upper hand. He certainly didn't want his wife to find out what happened between himself and the sexy physics teacher so he looked up and spoke immediately before Kerri was ready. "We had great sex, but it only happened because I was rewarded with details so that I could blackmail you," he blurted out. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** A Professor is Blackmailed Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© "Whaaa... whaaa," Kerri mumbled. 

 "I went along with the ruse just for the sex... that's all," Mr. Tovell stated. 

 Kerri was shocked and stood motionless with her mouth agape. "Noooo... noooo." 

 "Hell, I can't tell you anything or I lose my nuts. This guy, or this person, will spill the beans on me and I'll lose my job... so will you if I say anything," he declared. "All you have to know is that I'm not the guy you're looking for!" 

 Time stood still for an eerie few seconds, as Kerri tried to digest what Mr. Tovell told her. "Sky... you're not Sky?" 

 "There it is! This guy gave me everything. He told me what to say and exactly what to do and I did it," Mr. Tovell stated. "I can't and won't tell you any more... certainly can't reveal who it was." 

 Her expression turned from shock and surprise to one of utter horror. Kerri felt like crying after hearing the man's confession and she realized the identity of her original blackmailer was still a mystery. She was no further ahead in learning Sky's name and she stood speechless, as her mind raced over all the things that happened to her since the first blackmail demand. 

 Kerri simply blinked when the man moved. Mr. Tovell put his books together while looking at her with a stern impatience of wanting her gone from his classroom. She was too shocked by the man's quick denial and her newfound courage had completely disappeared. Kerri fought back tears of defeat and couldn't get away from the man fast enough. She wheeled around quickly and almost ran down the hallway to the sanctity of her own room. 

 The tears came easy and ran down her rosy cheeks. The most disturbing factor of what was happening in her life was not knowing who was giving her the notes. She had been positive that Mr. Tovell was Sky after what he made her do in his classroom the other day. That was until he revealed that she had been duped once again by the person named Sky. A shiver ran down her back with the knowledge that this particular man was extremely vindictive and very shrewd. 

 Kerri was back at square one and would be forced to follow the directions and demands of an unknown fiend. How much longer could she keep up the charade, she wondered? It would soon be time for her class to begin and Kerri somehow put herself back together enough to continue. The red and puffy eyes would soon disappear, but would the heartache of living with an uncertain and fragile future? Words from her childhood came rushing back to her. "Suck it up Princess," and Kerri was more determined than ever to survive Sky's control. 

 THE END 

 I have finished revising all five original chapters and this will be the last chapter for a while. I have promised to write a story for a very loyal reader who has given me her requests, but someday I would like to return and continue with Kerri's adventures. Report_Story 