#1 

 

 ****** Straight Girl Turned at Le Chateau ****** bysilkstockingslover© Summary: 3 friends, costumes, kinky Halloween games and lesbianism. 

 Note: This is a HALLOWEEN 2014 Contest story. 

 Thanks: MAB7991, Robert and goamz86 for editing this story. 

 Straight Girl Turned at Le Chateau 

 The three of us ladies at the office decided we would all go out together for Halloween to get back in the game. Both Sara and I had recently ended lengthy relationships, while Jane was perpetually single and on the hunt for her next one night stand. 

 Jane said, "And none of this conservative costume bullshit. This is the one day of the year we are allowed .no expected, to dress like sluts." Where Sara and I were conservative, Jane was very open and verbally sexual. 

 Sara joked, pointing to the black mini skirt Jane was wearing which was way too short for the law office, "That is every day for you, Jane." 

 Jane quipped right back, cupping her large breasts against her tight sweater, "If you got it, flaunt it, I say." 

 Jane was a ridiculously beautiful ravenous redhead who oozed sexuality. She always wore skirts two inches too short, she always wore heels two inches too high and impractical for the office, and she always wore pantyhose even when it was 98 outside. She said the nylons accentuated her legs, as did the five inch heels. And although I wasn't a lesbian, Jane was indisputably one of the most attractive women I had ever met. 

 I laughed, "Well, you definitely have it." 

 "You know it, girl," she said, slapping her own ass, before adding, "you could too if you got out of your conservative attire and dressed like a woman of the 21st century." 

 "I like my comfortable slacks and flats, thank you," I countered, believing in comfort first. 

 "I know," she sighed, as if my fashion sense was the most horrific thing in the world. 

 Sara chimed in, "That is why my attire is perfect. I am not dressed like a lady of the night, nor am I dressed as if I don't want anyone to notice I have a nice body." 

 Sara was dressed in a flowery blouse that also accentuated her breasts, a long skirt that went to her ankles, one inch heels and pantyhose. 

 "Ouch!" I said. 

 "She just meant your attire hides your assets and you have some very good assets," Jane said, flirting with me. Jane was an equal opportunist when it came to sex, bouncing back and forth between men and women. 

 I sarcastically replied, "Oh, I can slut it up." 

 "Good, I call your bluff, because I'm picking your costume for the evening," Jane declared. 

 "Go for it," I agreed, figuring fuck-it, it is Halloween and all. 

 "Oh, we are going to have so much fun," Jane said, all giddy. 

 Sara asked, "Are you going to pick my costume, too?" 

 "I am," Jane said smiling. "Wait till you see what I have in store for you two." 

 "I can't wait to be your Barbie Girl," I joked. 

 "Actually that would be a great costume," Jane said, missing my sarcasm. 

 "Oh God, what have I done," I said dramatically. 

 "Oh trust me, I'll make you look fucking irresistible," Jane promised. 

 "I already am," I pointed out. 

 "Not in that," Jane said, pointing to my full outfit. "Maybe I should dress you up for work too." 

 "Let's start with the costume," I laughed, knowing she wasn't kidding about changing my entire wardrobe. 

 ..... 

 The next three days, Jane hinted but wouldn't say what costumes she had chosen for us. 

 It drove me nuts, as she kept teasing me about how hot I would look and how I was guaranteed to get laid or eaten whole, her constant push to get me to experiment. 

 Sara had on a few occasions in her life been with a woman as well, so I was the lone heterosexual and Jane was determined to change that. 

 "No one can eat pussy like another girl," Jane would often say. 

 Sara hadn't been with another woman in a couple of years herself and, like me, had resisted the constant temptation that was Jane, who had offered to eat me under my desk, devour me whole in the bathroom or to turn me into her lesbian plaything. 

 Although I wasn't a lesbian, or even curious, my faith in men was at an all- time low. I hadn't had an orgasm in two months and thus I was probably more open to the prospect than I had ever been before. 

 ..... 

 After work on Halloween, the three of us went to Jane's condo, for a couple pre-party cocktails and to find out what Jane had chosen for us as costumes. I can't deny that, although I assumed it would be super slutty and revealing, it kind of turned me on. I would never buy such a costume for myself, but on a dare I really couldn't refuse. It somehow kept my conscience clear to think...I wasn't being a bad girl, I was just role playing. 

 During the cocktails, Jane kept us guessing with what she bought us, even after two strong drinks which had me already feeling tipsy, all I knew was that it included nylons, high heels, and apparently would not include any underwear. 

 I protested on the last one. "I am not going out in public without panties or a bra." 

 "You promised I could dress you and that includes everything," she pointed out. 

 "But...." I again began to protest but was cut off. 

 "Tonight you two are both my bitches, is that understood?" She said, surprisingly firm and out of character. 

 I joked, "I'm not eating your pussy." 

 She smiled, her tone back to its usual playfulness, "Interesting that is what popped into your head." 

 A bit of liquid courage in me, I quipped, trying to replicate her usual sexual predator persona, "Oh trust me, Jane, if I ever did dyke out I would rock your world." 

 "Challenge accepted," Jane smiled, her eyebrow raised. 

 Realizing the challenge I made, I didn't say anything more even though her look had my panties slightly damp. I was clearly going through withdrawal. 

 "Dress up time," Jane declared. 

 "I'm a Barbie girl, in a Barbie world," Sarah sang, making all three of us burst out laughing. 

 "Follow me, my bitches," Jane said, heading to her bedroom. 

 We both followed and both gasped simultaneously when we saw the costumes laid out on the bed. 

 "Can you guess whose is whose?" Jane asked. 

 "Three teenage sluts," I joked, looking at the plaid school girl skirt. 

 "Close," Jane countered. "The school girl outfit is yours, Beth." 

 "I figured," I sighed. 

 "The cheerleader outfit is yours, Sara," Jane announced. 

 "Apparently, it is high school all over again," Sara laughed, grabbing her very short skirt. 

 "It's slut night," Jane announced. 

 "So it seems," Sara and I said in unison. 

 "Get dressed, bitches," Jane ordered. 

 "And what are you wearing?" Sara asked. 

 "You'll see once you sluts are dressed," Jane teased. 

 "That is the pot calling the kettle black," I quipped. 

 She shrugged, "Stop delaying and get dressed." 

 Sara and I looked at each other, shrugged and began getting undressed. For some reason I was excited to let Jane see me naked, the rum loosening my inhibitions and making the thought of a lesbian tryst suddenly appealing. 

 I got undressed, grabbed the plaid skirt and began to put it on. 

 "This is a no underwear evening, remember," Jane said. 

 "You weren't serious?" I questioned. 

 "Tonight we let go off all inhibitions," she explained. 

 "Dressing as a slut isn't enough?" I asked. 

 "We are all in tonight," she retorted, "now get rid of your grandma panties and bra." 

 I sighed, but deciding to have a night where I let go of my conservative past, I pulled down my panties. 

 Jane gasped, "When did you last shave that thing?" 

 "2004," I joked. 

 "Well, we can't take you where we are going with a bush like that," Jane declared, going to her washroom. 

 "Where are we going?" Sara asked. 

 I wondered where we could possibly be going that would require me to not have a hairy bush. 

 Jane returned with scissors, shaving cream and a razor and said, "Sit on the chair." 

 "You got to be kidding me," I said, wearing only my bra. 

 "I never kid about cunt hygiene," she responded seriously, "Now sit down." 

 Again accepting that she was in charge today, I obeyed. 

 "Spread em'," Jane ordered. 

 "You've fantasized about me obeying those words for a while, haven't you?" I playfully replied as I opened my legs. 

 "All things happen to those who wait," she joked, as she moved between my legs. 

 Using scissors, she cut and cut, getting rid of the majority of my pubic hair. Strangely, having her face so close to my long neglected vagina had my mind playing tricks on me. If she would have leaned forward and licked me, I would not have protested. 

 Once the trimming was done, she sprayed my remaining hair with cream before saying, "Now don't move, I've had three rums." 

 I joked back, "Is that supposed to make me comfortable?" 

 "Nope," she answered, as she moved her razor to my vagina. 

 I closed my eyes and just allowed my friend to shave me. My pussy tingled at her touch and I wondered what it would be like if she licked me. 

 Sara, who I had forgotten was there, said, "This looks like the beginning of a lesbian porno movie." 

 Opening my eyes, seeing Sara in her tight, cheerleading outfit, I joked, "You're dressed for the part." 

 Jane added, "Maybe it is." 

 Sara joked, "Why don't you just bury your face in her pussy and get it over with?" 

 "Is that a dare?" Jane asked, looking back at Sara. 

 My cunt tingled with anticipation at the thought of crossing that line today. In the past I would have never considered such an idea, but today anything was possible. 

 Sara laughed, playing along with Jane, "Sure, I dare you." 

 Jane looked back at me and said, her smile mischievous, "A dare is a dare." She leaned forward, extended her tongue and licked from the bottom of my pussy lips to the top, gently flicking my clit." 

 I let out a moan I couldn't control. 

 "Hmmmm, yummy," Jane said, standing up. 

 I couldn't believe she licked me briefly and then left. I wanted to say, 'What the fuck...come and finish what you started,' but I was way too proper to say that. Instead I acted like nothing had happened, not wanting to let her know I may be willing. 

 "Get dressed, Beth," she said, "I'm going to get dressed myself." 

 I grabbed the school girl skirt and put it on. It was so short that without underwear there was no doubt I would flash someone. I joked to Sara, "My pussy is going to be on display all night." 

 Sara, who clearly gets out of her shell when she drinks, lifted up her skirt and said, "Mine too." 

 "Especially if you do that," I quipped back. 

 "Watching Jane lick you got me horny," Sara said. 

 "When was the last time you got laid?" I asked. 

 "Two months," she answered. 

 "Me too," I admitted. 

 "Tonight I'm fucking the first guy who I find remotely hot," Sara said. 

 "Well, dressed like that you won't have a problem," I smiled. 

 "Plus, pretty easy access," she added. 

 "Agreed," I said, grabbing the red shirt that went with my outfit. I was about to put it on when I saw it had words. Reading the words, I gasped. 

 "What?" Sara asked, downing another drink. 

 "It says 'your wish is my command'," I pointed out. 

 "That is so Jane," Sara laughed. 

 "I can't wear this," I protested. 

 "It's Halloween, it enhances the outfit," Sara countered, not helping my cause. 

 "Fine," I sighed, putting it on. "It's so tight on me." 

 "I can see your nipples," Sara giggled. 

 "Fuck, we should never have let Jane have such power and pick our costumes," I said. 

 "I am enjoying it," Sara said, moving to me. "Plus, you look so hot in that." 

 I had that deer in the headlights look as she reached me. I thought she was going to kiss me, but instead she took the beige thigh highs from the bed and dropped to her knees. 

 I watched as my usually shy friend rolled up the thigh high and then put it onto my foot and began rolling it up my leg. When she reached the top of the lace, her face was directly at my now slightly wet pussy. 

 Jane walked out, dressed as Barbie, all in pink, including stockings and five inch heels, and said, "I dare you to lick Beth." 

 Sara instantly leaned forward and licked my pussy lips from the bottom to the top and flicked my clit just like Jane had done. 

 I moaned, "Oh, God," my whole body quivering instantly, it having been so long since I had human contact down below (well, if you don't count Jane's brief tease). 

 "You sure you're not curious, ladies?" Jane asked. 

 Sara stood up and said rather matter-of-factly, "Nothing wrong with helping a friend." 

 I joked, "I'm not sure that was helpful." 

 Sara looked at me with a look that I couldn't tell was serious or playful, "Do you want me to finish what I started?" 

 Before I could respond, my head spinning with both the positives and negatives of my answer, Jane said, "We need to go, you two dyke wannabes." 

 "That's the pot calling the kettle back," Sara shot back. 

 "Unlike Beth, I accept that I like cock and cunt," Jane shot right back. 

 "Let's just go, before Jane tries raping us," I quipped. 

 "Just one more thing for each of your outfits," Jane added, going back to her closet and coming to us with collars. 

 "You've got to be fucking kidding me," I said, with disdain. 

 "You promised I got to dress you," Jane countered. 

 "Just put them on us," Sara said, "I want to get dancing." 

 "Fine," I sighed, as Jane put the collar around my neck. 

 After she put one on Sara as well, she called a taxi and we headed out to a place called Le Chateau Club, a club I had never heard of, that was on the other side of town. 

 Jane declared as the taxi pulled into a very nice looking establishment, "You girls are in for the night of your lives." 

 She paid the taxi driver and we walked into the bar. A bouncer greeted, "Hi, Jane. Who are the new recruits?" 

 "Two of my best friends," Jane replied, "who are about to have the time of their lives." 

 He chuckled, "That's a guarantee. Welcome ladies." 

 He allowed us in, his smile implying there was something he knew that we didn't. 

 Jane paid our cover charge and each of us wrote down our names for some Halloween door prizes. 

 Jane said, her tone seemingly a warning, "Just do as I say once we get in the club." 

 "Yes, Mistress," I joked. 

 "I like that," Jane nodded. "Both of you bitches call me Mistress tonight." 

 "Good luck with that," I smirked. 

 The moment we were in the club I realized where she had brought us. It was a lesbian club. I had heard there was one in the city, but never put much thought into it. I stared at the women all dressed in their skanky best, the scene straight out of a lesbian porn movie made by a man. There were girls on all fours, there were girls making out with others, there were girls groping girls on the dance floor, there were women having a drink at the bar scoping out the newest recruits...which I realized was Sara and I. 

 Jane declared flamboyantly, "Welcome to paradise." 

 "You brought us to a lesbian club?" I questioned, even though it was a rhetorical question, because this was definitely a lesbian club. 

 "I told you, tonight we live on the wild side," she continued, taking my hand and leading me to the dance floor. Sara followed, her eyes as big as mine. 

 As we danced, to a song I didn't remotely recognize and was stupidly heavy on bass, I continued to survey my surroundings. The women here ranged from not looking of legal age to be here, to old enough to have grandchildren. Some of the women were ridiculously beautiful like movie celebrities and others looked like the prototype for the butch lesbian stereotype we all imagine. Yet, what was uniform was the complete lack of clothing on most patrons, as they too followed the Halloween slut rule. 

 Every possible costume you could imagine seemed to exist, just with the word slutty in front of it, including: spider-girl, nurse, teacher, nun, cowgirl, just to name a few and what looked like the sluttiest, sexiest Hermione character ever...I am sure JK Rowling would be having a heart attack if she saw the character she created dressed in such a way. She would be doubly mortified, I imagine, if she witnessed what I did, which was the Hermione lookalike, crawling under a table and assumedly between the legs of a woman in her fifties dressed, ironically, as a witch. 

 The song ended, and Jane grabbed our hands and headed towards the last open table. She sat at the back so she could watch the entire bar as Sara and I sat on opposite sides of her. 

 Jane asked, "What do you think of the club?" 

 "It seems to lack a bit of testosterone?" I quipped. 

 "Oh trust me, they make up for it," Jane smiled, as a pretty waitress arrived at our table. She took our orders and Sara asked, "Do you come here often?" 

 "I both come and come," she answered, air quoting the second 'come', "here often." 

 I was about to ask why she had brought us here, even though I knew the answer, when a middle aged, chubby woman, asked, "May I, Ms. Jane?" 

 "Of course, Mrs. Hamilton," she nodded. 

 The woman wordlessly dropped to her knees in front of us, crawled under the table, rubbing my leg as she assumedly went between Jane's legs. 

 Jane continued conversing as if it wasn't strange to have a woman eating her out under the table. "So, if you look around you will notice that many are currently checking you both out." 

 I instantly did, feeling a strange mixture of curiosity and nervousness. Although most of the women were oblivious to the fact that Sara and I were La Chateau Club first timers, there were a few who definitely were looking our way...as if we were fresh meat...which I suppose we were. 

 I asked, "Why did she just do that?" 

 Jane shrugged, "I'm told I have one of the sweetest tasting pussies around, although not quite as perfect as Big Rosie's." 

 "Big Rosie?" I questioned", the whole evening becoming surreal and bordering on the absurd. 

 Jane pointed up to the second floor, which I hadn't really noticed up until now. There were a few private rooms and a line of five women waiting before one closed door. Jane explained, "Big Rosie is a beautiful, larger black woman with the most sensational, addicting pussy in the city." 

 "And people line up to taste her?" I asked. 

 "All night," Jane nodded. "That woman can have multiple, multiple orgasms." 

 "Have you waited in line?" I asked, unable to fathom waiting in line to pleasure another woman. 

 "Many times," she nodded, as she moaned. "I have even been to some of the special parties she hosts." 

 "Huh," I said, trying to take it all in. 

 "Trust me," Jane moaned, her hands holding onto the table, "once you taste a cunt or have your cunt licked by a woman there is no going back." 

 "Why did you bring us here?" I asked, even though I again knew the answer to the question before I even asked it. 

 "It's where the party issssss," she moaned, her facial expression implying the woman below was doing a good job. 

 "For you," I pointed out. 

 "Do you want Mrs. Hamilton to please you once she is done with me?" Jane asked. 

 Sara, surprising me, said, "I do." 

 "Sara," I gasped, thinking we were partners in this. 

 "When in Rome," Sara shrugged. 

 "That's the spirit," Jane smiled, before adding, "one quick lick of Beth's pussy and you were instantly recalling your past cunt munching experiences, weren't you?" 

 Sara shrugged, "Just horny, and since she's already down there." 

 Jane came, hitting the table three times as her orgasm hit her. 

 "I can't believe you're coming at a club," I said, even though I was a bit envious, I too was horny as hell, but I wasn't ready to have some stranger lick me in a public place. That said, flashing back to both Jane and Sara briefly licking my pussy was consuming me. 

 "I can see through your facade," Jane countered a moment later, as her orgasm began to subside. 

 I was about to respond when Sara eagerly said, "My turn!" 

 "To crawl under the table and eat me?" Jane questioned. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Straight Girl Turned at Le Chateau ****** bysilkstockingslover© Sara smiled, her smile devious, "Maybe later." 

 "I'll keep you to that," Jane nodded, as she said, "Mrs. Hamilton crawl to the cheerleader to your right." 

 "Yes, Miss Jane," I heard from underneath the table. 

 My leg was bumped again, and then my foot as Mrs. Hamilton repositioned herself assumedly between Sara's legs. 

 Jane and I both watched Sara as she got eaten out by a stranger. After a moment, Sara asked, "What?" 

 Jane shrugged, "Just happy you are joining the team." 

 "Yes, now I'm a full time lesbiaaaaan," Sara quipped and then moaned. 

 I wanted to be eaten out too, my pussy so long neglected it was now on fire. Yet, I couldn't say the words. 

 Suddenly, the music stopped and a very pretty redhead in a cowgirl costume spoke. "Welcome to Le Chateau Club this lovely Halloween evening." 

 Polite clapping responded as did a few hoots and hollers. 

 "Also, welcome, to our annual Halloween naughty games competitions," she continued. 

 More clapping. 

 "I will be your hostess for tonight's games and in case you don't know me I'm Cara with a C," she continued. "Our first game is Mummy Wrap. Models come out." 

 I watched as three beautiful women sauntered out, all naked as the day they were born. 

 "Welcome Maureen, Mary and Maggie," Cara announced. 

 More cheering. 

 "As is our tradition, each of you who were willing to potentially play entered your name and now three will be drawn to compete in game one, Mummy Wrap," Cara continued. 

 My eyes went wide. 

 Jane said, "Trust me, the odds aren't in your favour to be called up." 

 "Fuuuuck," Sara moaned, as she came from the stranger's tongue. 

 "Sure you don't want her to munch on your cunt too?" Jane asked. 

 "Yes," I said, my horniness fading as I worried I would be called on stage. 

 Cara drew three names. "Allison Valentine, Miranda White and Jasmine Walker." 

 A huge sigh of relief escaped my lips. 

 Jane warned, "You wanted to be a part of this one. The next ones are a bit wilder." 

 The woman underneath the table crawled out, stood up and said, the words so strange, "Thank you. Ms. Jane." 

 "You're welcome," Jane smiled, "See you in a couple of weeks." 

 "Is it check-up time?" Mrs. Hamilton asked. 

 "Oh, how the months fly by...yes it's probably check-up time," Jane shrugged. 

 "See you then," the older woman nodded. 

 "Bye, doctor," Jane said, looking at me. 

 "She's your doctor?" I asked, although again the answer seemed obvious. 

 "She does house calls, too," Jane smiled. 

 "It's very close," Cara declared. 

 I turned to watch the three contestants wrapping their no longer naked mummies. 

 I watched as the three girls frantically tried to finish. The oldest one, looking to be almost 40, finally won. 

 "We have a winner," Cara declared. "Jasmine Walker and her prize is her own private room for the rest of the night with our three mummies." 

 The crowd roared. 

 I asked, "There are prizes?" 

 "Each one better than the last," Jane nodded. 

 Suddenly, a younger girl who couldn't possibly be twenty-one, dressed as a slutty fire fighter, was at our table. "Hi, Jane." 

 "Hi, Jenny," Jane greeted, "you look absolutely delicious." 

 "Thank you," Jenny nodded. "You look amazing too." 

 "Thank you," Jane nodded. "These are my two friends, whom I finally dragged here." 

 "Nice to meet you," Jenny greeted politely, so sweet and cute. 

 I extended my hand, "I'm Beth. And this is Sara." 

 Sara greeted, "Hi" 

 Jenny shook my hand, "nice to meet you, Beth, Sara." 

 Her hands were so soft, her smile so sweet, her voice so cute and her eyes so alluring, I felt my already wet cunt get wetter. 

 Jenny continued, looking back at Jane, "Are these two your pets?" 

 My face went red at the assumption, but before I could respond, Jane explained, "No, no. Just two friends who I wanted to give a chance to experience the club." 

 Jenny's smile went wider, as she turned her eyes to me, "Mistress Megan would love to have you come join her for a drink." 

 "Me?" I asked, hearing the words but not comprehending them, my mind drawn completely into the adorably cute girl. 

 "Yes, that is my Mistress over there," Jenny pointed over to a beautiful woman at a table with a glass of wine, dressed in a devil's costume. 

 "Mistress?" I questioned, apparently not able to speak a complete sentence. 

 "Yes," Jenny nodded. "Will you come and join us for a drink?" 

 I don't know why I agreed, but I heard myself saying, "Sure." I felt myself standing up, I felt the wetness leaking down my leg wishing I was wearing panties and I felt myself follow the beautiful young girl to her Mistress, an equally beautiful woman. 

 Reaching the table, Jenny introduced us, "Mistress Megan, this is Beth. Beth, Mistress Megan." 

 Megan smiled and said warmly, "Nice to meet you, Beth, I'm happy you could join us." 

 I nodded, feeling a sense of the surreal, as I nervously replied, "Thank you for inviting me." 

 "Please have a seat," she offered. 

 I did, my legs trembling underneath the table, a mixture of nervousness and the unknown coursing through me as Jenny walked away. 

 She poured me a glass of wine and guessed correctly, "Is this your first time here, Beth?" 

 "Is it that obvious?" I joked, trying to lighten the mood for myself. 

 "The big eyes, the fidgeting, and the look of surprise were all hints," Megan answered. 

 "I didn't know we were coming here," I explained. 

 "Jane dragged you here I'm guessing," Megan correctly assumed. 

 "Both Sara and me," I answered. 

 "Have you ever had a woman pleasure you?" Megan asked bluntly. 

 "No," I admitted, the idea now more enticing than ever, so much so that I admitted, "Although both Jane and Sara each licked me once today as we played Barbie for Jane. 

 "Did you want more?" Megan asked quizzically. 

 "I'm not sure," I answered, my cheeks going redder as I wondered where Jenny was. I looked around and located Jenny upstairs in line for Big Rosie. 

 Megan,,seeing me look, asked, "Did Jane explain Big Rosie?" 

 I nodded, while still looking at the line of four women: the youngest Jenny, but also in line a woman who looked to be 60, a chubby brunette and a thin Asian girl. 

 "It's crazy that people will line up to eat someone," Megan chuckled, before adding, "but every regular here has done so." 

 "You have?" I questioned. 

 She laughed, "More than once, I tend to be more on the receiving end than giving usually, but some pussy is just too delicious to resist." 

 "So it seems," I vaguely agreed. 

 "May I be direct with you?" Megan asked. 

 "This hasn't been direct?" I joked, turning my attention back to her. 

 "Okay, can I be even more direct?" she smiled warmly. 

 "Sure," I smiled back, curious what she was going to say, kind of feeling like a teenager again. 

 "I'm assuming you have never tasted a pussy before?" She assumed correctly, based on my earlier answer. 

 "Correct," I nodded. 

 "And although you have always held pretty steadfast to the belief you're straight, you are beginning to question that," Megan continued, her hand moving under the table and onto my leg. 

 I could feel the heat in my cheeks, as well as the chill up my spine at her touch on my leg. 

 I stammered, "I-I-I don't know." 

 Her hand moved ever so slowly up my thigh as she continued, her voice softer, "I think you know, but you're still in denial." 

 Cara spoke again. "And now it is time for game number two. It is our version of bobbing for apples, licking for licorice. Come out ladies." 

 Five attractive women, all topless, sauntered onstage wearing only black and orange panties, and laid down on the blankets. 

 "Next we need five competitors," she announced. 

 I stiffened, paralyzed by the thought of being called on stage to likely eat out a woman. 

 Megan squeezed my leg and whispered, "Just relax, my dear." 

 Her words were strangely comforting. Five names were called, none were mine and I let out a sigh of relief. 

 The woman explained the rules, "Using only your mouth, tug off your partner's panties, then using your tongue and fingers, retrieve all five pieces of licorice that are in your partner's pussy. Are we ready?" 

 Screams echoed on the ground and there was clapping among the audience. 

 "Three, two, one, go," Cara counted down. 

 As soon as the word 'go' was declared the five contestants tugged off the women's panties and buried their faces in between their partner's legs. 

 Megan's hand slid underneath my lame excuse for a skirt. I should have stopped her, but her touch warmed me and the earlier quick licks, Mrs. Hamilton, and the live action I was currently witnessing had my pussy begging for attention. 

 Without thinking. I opened my legs allowing her complete access to my very wet pussy. 

 As moans echoed on the stage, I let out my own moan when Megan's fingers moved between my thighs. My moan was reactive, anticipating her fingers touching me, yet they didn't. Her fingers so close to my pussy I wanted to grab her hand and shove it inside me. 

 She whispered, her hot breath on my ear, "What do you want, Beth?" 

 So horny, my pussy doing my thinking for me, I answered, "To come." 

 "I'll make sure you have the most amazing orgasm of your life, but first you must do something for me," she continued, tugging on my ear. 

 "We have a winner, Amanda Campton" Cara declared. "What does she win? A front of the line spot pass for Big Rosie and a strap-on she can use on her partner right here and now." 

 The middle-aged brunette who won had the strap-on put on her by a much younger woman and then she had her partner get onto all fours and began fucking her in front of all of us. I was mortified; I was jealous. 

 As I watched in awe of the lesbian act I was witnessing, Megan asked, "Do you wish that was you on your knees?" 

 "I guesssss," I agreed, overwhelmed by what I was witnessing. 

 "You only guess?" She asked. 

 "Yes, I'd love that to be me," I admitted, this woman somehow able to press all my buttons. I couldn't fathom getting fucked in front of all these women, yet at the moment if Megan offered to fuck me on stage I would. 

 "Under the table, my pet," Megan ordered, as her finger finally traced my pussy lips. 

 My whole body trembled at her touch as my head spun with what she wanted me to do next. After a brief delay, I wordlessly, not looking over to Jane and Sara, slithered under the table. It was dark, but with just enough light to see the silhouette of her legs. I moved between them, filled with trepidation and curiosity. She was wearing thigh highs too I learned as I moved between her legs. 

 "Go ahead, Beth," Megan offered soothingly. 

 I no longer could resist my curiosity as I leaned forward and extended my tongue. I wouldn't say that the moment I began licking I was addicted, but it did feel very natural. I started slowly, exploring her pussy lips. 

 Megan moaned, "That's it, my pet, take your time down there." 

 Being called 'pet' sent a chill up my spine. Part of me was offended by the name, yet another part of me felt it was just a natural progression in tonight's journey. 

 As I licked, she got wetter and my addiction began. As I tasted her natural wetness, I wanted more. I wanted to get her off, to taste the full flavour of her juices. As the hunger built inside me, so did an urgency. I began licking faster, moving up to her hard clit, and tugging it between my lips. Megan's hands went to the back of my head, and she gently pulled me deeper into her cunt as I continued pleasuring her eagerly. 

 Megan moaned louder, "Getting close, my pet, get your Mistress off." 

 Earlier the term 'pet' was used and now it was 'Mistress'. Did she imagine this would be more than a one night thing? Did I want it to be just this one time or did I want it to be more? These questions bounced around my head before I decided to live for the moment and finish what I had started. I shook my head sideways, her clit between my lips, something an old boyfriend used to do that always got me off. It seemed to work, as I felt her legs squeeze around me, holding my head hard against her pussy and seconds later I felt my face coated with pussy juice. I kept lapping, the taste of the actual full flood even more gratifying than the teasing samples before she came. 

 I remained under the table, slowly licking, even after Megan let go of my head. Feeling like a pet, I waited further instructions, I was also nervous about coming out from underneath the table and being seen by all. 

 Finally, Megan spoke, "Come back up here, my pet." 

 I obeyed, my knees kind of sore, and slyly, trying to be inconspicuous, returned to my seat. I could feel Megan's wetness on my face and wondered if anyone else could see guilt literally written all over my face. 

 "Did you enjoy yourself, my pet?" Megan asked. 

 "Yes," I nodded, hearing loud moans echoing around the room. I turned and saw that three girls, one being Sara, all wearing strap-ons fucking three girls on all fours. 

 "Yes, what?" Megan questioned. 

 I was staring at Sara who was clearly enjoying the hard fucking she was giving a chubby brunette. 

 "Pardon?" I asked, looking back at Megan. 

 "Yes, what, my pet?" she repeated, her tone so soft and reassuring. 

 "Um," I said, distracted by the reality that Sara was on stage really fucking the brunette hard and beginning to talking faster, as well as by the consequences of saying the words Megan was expecting me to say. 

 Hearing Sara demanded, "Come, you fucking slut." I was momentarily stunned and unable to speak. 

 Megan smiled, her hand back on my knee, "It's okay my pet, watch your friend try to win the competition and then we will continue our conversation." 

 "Thank you, Mistress," I replied, not even realizing I said it until after the words escaped my lips. 

 I blushed as I returned to watching the orgy on stage. I focused on Sara who continued to pound the woman hard, slamming into her. 

 "Come now, you, or I'll pull out completely," Sara threatened, 

 Seconds later, the brunette screamed, "Fuuuuuuuuuck, yessssssss." 

 Cara announced, "We have a winner, Sara Simpson." 

 The crowd clapped. 

 "Her award, besides keeping the strap-on, is to fuck the other participants to orgasm too and then take one home with her for the night," Cara announced. 

 The losers pulled out of the girls they had been fucking and Sara moved behind a slim Asian and began fucking her. 

 I turned to Megan, "She gets to choose a pet to take home for the night?" 

 "Yep, the models of these games are all willing participants and know they could end up being the prize," Megan explained. 

 "Wow," was all I could muster, returning to watch Sara slam into the Asian. Sara, so out of character, grabbed the Asian's hair and seconds later she came hard. 

 Sara instantly pulled out and moved to the next girl, a gorgeous blonde and, instead of slamming into her, asked, "Do you want to be fucked?" 

 "Yes," the blonde replied. 

 "How badly?" Sara asked. 

 "I'll do anything," she answered. 

 "You'll take it in the ass?" Sara questioned, with a devilish smile. 

 The blonde looked back and said, her tone so sexy my pussy gushed, "Fuck my ass, Mistress." 

 Sara smiled, "Mistress, I like that," and ordered, "slut, come lick her asshole." 

 The Asian girl didn't hesitate as she crawled to the blonde and buried her face in the blonde girl's ass. 

 The scene was so naughty, so hot, that I briefly wished Sara was fucking me. 

 After a minute of anal licking, Sara pulled the Asian out of the way and began sliding her plastic cock in the blonde's ass. 

 The blonde moaned, a mixture of pleasure and pain, "Oh yes, fuck my asshole." 

 Sara wasn't gentle either. Once she filled the blonde's ass, she began slamming into her. I had never considered back door sex, but watching it live all of a sudden another door was open, pardon the pun. 

 Megan asked, "Ever been fucked in the ass, my pet?" 

 I shook my head no as I turned back to her. 

 "It's an acquired taste," Megan nodded, "although the blonde, Mandi there is clearly enjoying it. Your friend has quite a dominant streak in her." 

 "So it seems," I nodded, returning my gaze to the ass fucking on stage. 

 "Oh God, yes, fuck, ream my asshole," Mandi moaned, her breathing increasing. 

 "Come, you ass slut," Sara ordered, continuing to ream her back door. 

 "Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes, yesssssss," Mandi screamed, a few hard thrusts later. 

 Megan asked, "So are you ready to be my pet?" 

 I turned back to her, "I don't know," I honestly answered. 

 "I like your honesty," Megan nodded, her hand still on my leg. "I only take pets under my wing if they are interested in exploring their lesbian side." 

 "I didn't know I had a lesbian side," I countered, which was true before today. 

 "Well, I'm not just saying this to win you over," Megan continued, "but for a first time pussy pleaser I think you've got a natural talent." 

 "Really?" I asked, her words somehow flattering. 

 "Yes, many first timers just dive in and lick, others just move around with no focus, but you took your time, you enjoyed the experience." 

 I nodded, "Surprisingly, it did feel natural." 

 "Can I ask you another personal question?" Megan asked. 

 "I'm an open book," I joked. 

 "I sense the past few men in your life have disappointed you," Megan somehow accurately deduced. 

 "That is an understatement," I nodded. 

 "I was once straight too, but betrayal by a man opened up the possibilities of exploring my sexuality and like you, I think, one taste, and I was forever changed," Megan explained, just as Jenny returned. 

 "Was Big Rosie tasty, my pet?" Megan asked. 

 "Heavenly as always," Jenny nodded, sitting down opposite of me. 

 "Do you want Jenny to get you off, Beth? You must be a near wreck by now," Megan correctly assessed. 

 I looked at Jenny, who smiled at me with such sweetness that agreeing just seemed the natural thing to do. "Yes, please," I nodded. 

 "Go ahead, Jenny," Megan ordered. 

 "Yes, Mistress," Jenny agreed, moving under the table. I opened my legs, the anticipation of my long awaited orgasm overriding everything else. 

 Megan explained, "Plus, it will be good to get yourself off, in case your name is called for the next game." 

 "What is the next gaaaaaaame," I asked, moaning as Jenny's tongue made contact. 

 "Don't Scream," Megan answered. 

 "I think I'll fail that one," I moaned, Jenny's tongue doing wonders to me in just seconds. 

 "Well, in Don't Scream, the last one who doesn't come, wins," Megan explained. 

 "Ohhhh," I moaned, thinking I would have a good chance since I never have multiple orgasms. I added, saying what I was thinking, "I've never had more than one orgasm in a session." 

 "Never?" Megan questioned, her face aghast with shock or horror. 

 "Never, eveeeeer," I answered, my orgasm already rising in less than a minute. 

 "Well, I will definitely fix that if you become my pet," Megan promised. "Men just don't understand the woman's body or mind." 

 I had to agree based on my past. No one had ever made me feel the pleasure I was feeling today and no man had ever drawn me into them the way Megan had. It was always suck them off, or wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am. "I am learning thaaaaat," I nodded, as I grabbed the table knowing my orgasm was close. 

 "And who do you choose?" Cara asked, "To be your slut for the night?" 

 "This blonde ass slut," Sara said, the idea of Sara having her own pet the final straw that broke my cunt's back. 

 "Fuuuuuuck," I screamed, loud enough to allow all others to know I was coming, never able to just have a quiet orgasm. 

 A few people clapped around me, as my face went even redder at the shame of coming in public yet my orgasm made it all worthwhile. It was easily the most intense orgasm of my life and I didn't want it to ever end. 

 I looked over to Jane, who was drinking her drink and smiling at me. She winked and I looked away, frustrated that she had pulled me into this and equally thankful, not that I would ever tell her that. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Straight Girl Turned at Le Chateau ****** bysilkstockingslover© Jenny backed away and was soon again sitting across from me. She smiled and said, "Thank you, you have a very unique taste." 

 "Thank you," I replied, the compliment so surreal. 

 Just then I glanced over and saw that Sara had joined Jane at the table, the beautiful blonde on all fours on the floor. 

 I couldn't believe how crazy this night had gone so far. 

 Megan asked, "So, you haven't answered if you want to continue this journey of sexual self-discovery." 

 Before I could answer, Cara spoke again. "Only two games left and you all will play in the last one, but first, Don't Scream. Your task is to be the last to scream in euphoria as you sit on the Sybian." 

 Megan purred, "I hope you get drawn." 

 "I don't," I quickly countered. 

 Jenny added, "This is so hot to watch." 

 Megan called out, "I nominate Beth." 

 Cara looked over and smiled, "Nomination accepted." 

 I gasped. I looked at Megan and she said, soft but firm, "If you're considering being my pet, then you will obey and go compete. Plus, after Jenny's masterful tongue, and your inability to have multiple orgasms, you should easily win." 

 I looked at Jenny, I looked over to Jane and Sara and I returned my look to Megan. My head was spinning, but my emotions controlling me I stood up and said, "Yes, Mistress." 

 I walked to the stage while Cara called out two other names I didn't hear. 

 Soon, I was straddling a plastic cock as Cara explained the rules. I only was vaguely listening, so self-conscious that an entire bar was about to watch me get fucked by a Sybian. I understood that the last one to cum wins and that was about it. 

 I closed my eyes, and heard Cara count down from three and then my toy started vibrating. I was instantly thankful for Jenny's tongue, as the vibrations were amazing. All I owned was an old school vibrator and this was way more intense. I could feel my body instantly wanting to ride the machine. 

 My legs spread wide, I felt so dirty, and yet so exhilarated, the buzzing creating such teasing pleasure. I could hear moans around me and I wondered if they were closer to orgasm than me. 

 Time seemed to stand still as I pondered all I had done today. I had eaten out a stranger, been eaten out by a stranger, and now was sitting on a Sybian in front of a whole bar of lesbian strangers. I should have been mortified, I should have stood up and run out of there, yet instead I felt a calming sensation pass through me as I accepted this was indeed the beginning of my sexual self-discovery. 

 "And Becky is out," Cara declared, as I heard a loud scream of pleasure to my left. 

 "Only Beth and Zelda left," Cara continued, "which means we will add to the rules. Both of you will now bounce up and down." 

 My eyes finally opened at the additional expectation and I could see everyone watching me. Megan watching intently, Jenny smiling as if it was her on the Sybian, Sara with her pet massaging her feet, Jane giving me a wink and the rest watching as if watching a sporting event. Suddenly wanting to put on a show, I began riding the cock, pursing my lips and moaning softly. Although I had never had multiple orgasms within a few hours of each other, I felt as if that might change today as well. 

 I stared at Megan the whole time, wanting her to see I was doing this for her. Her eyes never left mine either and I could feel my second orgasm rising. I no longer cared about winning, I wanted to come, to come twice, to scream bloody murder as I came in front of all these strangers. 

 Suddenly, the other girl screamed, "Fuuuuuuuuuck." 

 A rush of excitement at winning as well as my own rising orgasm had my head a babbling mess. I closed my eyes and moaned, now really riding the plastic vibrating cock, "Oh yes, fuck, fuck, fuck, I'm comiiiiiiiing." 

 Although not as intense as my first orgasm, my body spasmed like I was in epileptic shock, as I continued riding the cock throughout my orgasm. 

 Cara announced, "We have a winner, barely, Beth!" 

 The crowd clapped as I opened my eyes and finally stopped fucking myself, while realizing I was cupping my own breasts. I stopped doing that as well as Cara continued "And our winner gets two prizes. One, she gets to keep her Sybian and two, she will be one of the seven competing in our final game, the annual, 'Are You Afraid of the Dark'." 

 I instantly wondered what that game was as I slowly, awkwardly, with pussy juice leaking down my leg, got off the Sybian. 

 Cara announced, "We will start in half an hour." 

 Music started pumping as the Sybians were moved off and the dancing resumed. I awkwardly walked to Megan who was now sitting with not only Jenny, but another young girl, who was sitting beside Jenny. 

 Jane called out, "Bitch, get over here." 

 I looked at Megan who nodded, as if giving me permission, and I headed over to Jane's table. 

 "So, enjoying yourself?" Jane asked, Sara's blonde pet under the table assumedly pleasuring one of them. 

 "It's been enlightening," I answered, not wanting to give her the satisfaction of saying she was right. 

 "How so?" Jane asked. 

 "That is for me to know and you to find out," I quipped, playing aloof. 

 "I think you owe me a cunt licking," Jane bluntly said. 

 "I think you owe me a cunt licking," I quickly countered. 

 "Will your new Mistress give you permission?" Jane asked. 

 My face went red. "What?" 

 "I know Megan. She loves training virgins and you are as virgin as they get, well at least you were," Jane said. 

 Sara added, "Leave her alone, Jane. Beth, go sow your lesbian oates." 

 I turned to walk away before deciding to give Jane an olive branch, "By the way, Jane, thanks." 

 Jane smiled, "Oh, I expect a very personal thank you one day." 

 I nodded, sensing I would indeed soon be tasting Jane's nectar. I returned to Megan's table and was introduced to Jenny's girlfriend Ashley, brought a drink by an older brunette along with her business card and had the rules of 'Are You Afraid of the Dark' explained to me (which is seven girls get glow in the dark strap-ons and must, in complete darkness, find and fuck as many women to orgasm as possible in thirty minutes). 

 I was overwhelmed, but also I really had to go pee. 

 I excused myself and went to the restroom where I was in for even more surprises. As I entered the bathroom I walked in on a large, older woman on her knees being urinated on. I stopped and stared as if I had just witnessed a car accident. My mouth dropped open as the older woman opened her mouth to catch the pee. 

 Shaking my head, I went to an open stall, sat down and instantly peed. As I cleared my head, I heard moaning in the stall to my right. "That's it, suck on my clit you little slut." 

 I noticed there was a glory hole type of opening in the stall wall, which was odd for a lesbian bar, but refrained from looking even though I was curious. 

 I finished peeing, washed my hands and walked out and returned to the table. 

 Sitting down, I asked, "Is there always a woman to pee on in there?" 

 "Did you pee on Olga?" Megan asked. 

 "No," I shook my head, "but I witnessed it occur." 

 "She isn't always here, but she loves golden showers," Megan said, before adding, "in this club there is every kink." 

 "So it seems," I nodded, before asking the question that was driving me nuts, "How old are you, Jenny?" 

 "Eighteen," she answered. 

 Megan added, "This club has connections and thus has exceptions to the state laws." 

 "How so?" I asked, curious. 

 "Oh, you'll learn all that in good time," Megan answered, giving a knowing smile. "By the way, was I mistaken or was that multiple orgasms?" 

 "Yes it was," I nodded. 

 "Want to have multiple, multiple orgasms?" Megan asked. 

 "I don't think that is possible," I answered, my body still weak from the last orgasm. 

 "Well, let's find out," she smiled, "but first, let's practice your pussy pleasing. There are two young, ripe pussies right under this table." 

 Instantly, my mouth watered. I didn't hesitate, the idea of tasting Jenny controlling my thoughts. I nodded, "Yes, Mistress." 

 I slid back under the table, moved between Jenny's legs and buried my face in her pussy. She was incredibly wet and her taste, although similar to Megan's had its own distinct flavor. As with Megan, I explored her pussy with my tongue, wanting to tease her, before getting her off. Her soft moans turned me on and I parted her lips with my tongue and tried to tongue fuck her. It was challenging, awkward and exhilarating trying to fuck someone with my tongue. Her moans increased and, sensing she was getting close, I slid a finger inside her as I moved my lips to her clit. Tugging on her clit, I began finger fucking her and she grabbed the back of my head, tightened up and came on my mouth. 

 She didn't come as excessively as Megan, but her nectar was just as sweet, just as addicting. Any wondering if I was a lesbian, or at the very minimum bi, was gone. I would eat pussy at any chance given. Thankfully, another chance was waiting right under the table. 

 I moved awkwardly to Ashley, who was also wearing thigh highs, which seemed to be the lingerie piece for lesbians, and buried my face in her panty-less crotch. I replicated the slow first licking, but she moaned and demanded, "Faster, lick me faster." 

 I obliged, sensing she was already horny and ready to get off. I licked faster, flicking on her clit, making her legs twitch and in only a couple of minutes, if that, she came on my face too. Unlike the last two, she was a gusher, like in the porn movies, and my face was literally drenched in cum. I kept licking, savouring her unique, slightly fishy taste. 

 Finally, I returned to my seat and not even realizing I said it, my submissive side coming out, I said, "Thank you, Mistresses." 

 Megan laughed, "Do you think you're ready for three Mistresses? Four if I know Jane?" 

 I stammered, "I-I-I don't even know why I said that." 

 "I do," Megan smiled, "You're just coming to grips with what you need to be sexually satisfied and just beginning to understand who you are." 

 "I don't have a clue who I am anymore," I countered. 

 "That is why you need a loving, caring, strong-willed Mistress," Megan said. 

 I nodded, "Yes, Mistress." 

 Megan gave me a card and said, "Text me with your number so I can get in contact with you. We will start your training soon, but I am busy this weekend with my son." 

 "You have a son?" I questioned, even though the answer was obvious. 

 "Like you, I wasn't always a lesbian. And, like you, I have been disappointed in men," she nodded. "Now go and enjoy the rest of the evening with your friends." 

 Thank you, Mistress," I nodded, taking the card. "And it was great to meet you two." 

 "You too," Jenny smiled. 

 I was walking towards Jane and Sara when Cara came back on stage and announced, "And now it's time for the final game of the evening." 

 I froze in my tracks. 

 Cara called, "Come on up here, Beth." 

 I turned and walked on stage as Cara announced the remainder of the names. Soon all seven of us were wearing strap-ons as Cara explained the rules. 

 "Every patron here needs to get on all fours as soon as the lights go out. Your goal is to avoid getting fucked by the seven contestants, although some of you probably won't fight to hard," Cara announced and teased. 

 "The contestant who gets the most women off in thirty minutes will be the winner," she announced. 

 "Are we ready?" Cara asked. 

 Hoots and hollers echoed through the establishment. 

 "May I join?" A voice asked from behind us, a voice I recognized. 

 "Of course," Cara said, "Welcome, Governor Green." 

 "Thank you," she nodded, as I looked behind and saw a scantily clad Governor Green. Even after all that had transpired today, this left me utterly speechless. 

 The Governor winked at me and said, "Good show on the Sybian, my dear." 

 "T-t-thanks," I said, unable to fathom I was talking to the Governor of our state, or that she had just complimented me for riding a Sybian. 

 "Alright, there will be eight cocks on the hunt for cunt," Cara declared. "On three, two, one, lights off!" 

 Just before the lights were off, I glanced over to see where Jane was. I didn't care about winning, but I was determined to fuck Jane before she fucked me. 

 As the lights went out, I began walking with determination towards the area where Jane and Sara were. 

 I bumped into a couple of crawling girls, almost tripping, before reaching the area Jane was in. I got on my knees, using the glow of my cock to vaguely see as I bumped into someone. Frustrated that I really couldn't tell who anyone was, I held the girl's hips, lifted up her skimpy dress, tugged her panties down and slid into her cunt. 

 "Oh God," the stranger, who wasn't Jane or Sara, moaned. 

 Feeling confident in the dark, I asked, "You like that?" 

 "God, yes, fuck me harder," she begged. 

 Having never fucked someone before, I can't explain the rush of adrenaline that came with it. I began slamming into her, our bodies colliding with each deep thrust. 

 All around me was moaning, as assumedly seven other girls were getting fucked. 

 Suddenly, another girl joined us, crawling under the girl and licking the girl's clit, creating a double pleasure. In seconds, the girl's moans got louder and she babbled, "Oh God, so good, so fucking, shit, shit, suck my clit, yes, yes, fuuuuuuuuck." 

 A couple strokes later, I pulled out, felt around for the cunt licker's pussy, repositioned myself between her legs and slid my cock inside her. 

 She moaned as I filled her. I liked the power of having a cock and after slowly fucking her to get comfortable, I began fucking her harder. 

 Unlike the first woman, this second girl didn't talk, just gave soft moans even as her breathing got heavier. I fucked her for what seemed like an eternity, her moans suddenly turning into squeals, which was both adorable and humorous...she sounded like she was almost sneezing like a diva princess with each deep thrust. 

 I barely could hold my laughter when she finally came as her strange sounds came faster, like a machine gun of sneezes until she finally let out a loud, "Aaaaaaah-chooey." 

 I pulled out and continued my hunt for cunt, particularly Jane or even Sara. I crawled through the bodies of women, all us cunt hunters seemingly in the same vicinity. The moans of passion and lust echoed through the room and I wondered if others were creating their own sexual adventures. I moved a few feet and saw a leash which I thought may be Sara's pet in someone's hand. 

 I grabbed the hand, pushed her onto the floor, and slid my cock in her cunt. I grunted, "what a tight cunt you have." 

 "Beth," Sara moaned. 

 "Sara," I countered, pretending to act surprised. "This has been a crazy night." 

 "That's putting it mildly," she agreed. 

 "There's no going back from tonight," I continued. 

 Jane's voice chimed in, "That was always the plan." 

 "Be careful," I joked, "the hunter has become the hunted." 

 "Is that so?" she questioned, flirtatiously. 

 "Get on all fours beside Sara," I ordered. 

 "I thought I was the Mistress," Jane quipped. 

 "Not while the lights are off," I replied, "Now get on your knees." 

 "Yes, Mistress," Jane answered, her tone playful. 

 As I slowly fucked Sara, I felt Jane move beside her. 

 I pulled out of Sara and demanded, "Beg Jane," as I moved behind her and rubbed the plastic cock up and down her pussy lips. 

 "Mmmmmm," she moaned, "Beth has turned into a Domme." 

 "Now, slut," I demanded, slapping her ass. 

 "Fuck me, Beth," Jane moaned. 

 "That's it?" I asked, moving back to Sara and sliding my cock inside her. 

 "Really?" Jane asked, suddenly annoyed. 

 Sara moaned, "That's it, fuck me, Beth, shove that big dick in me." 

 "It seems one is more eager than the other," I quipped. 

 Jane turned around, and begged, "Let me suck your cock, before you fuck me." 

 "That's better," I approved, pulling back out of Sara and felt Jane sucking my cock. 

 Sara whined, "Hey, what about me?" 

 "I think this is a fuck one friend, fuck a second friend free night," I joked. "Now get back on all fours, Jane." 

 Jane quickly obeyed, and added, "Shove that dick in me." 

 "And me," Sara added. 

 "I'll take turns," I said, as I slid into Jane and fucked her hard for ten quick thrusts. I then pulled out and did the same thing to Sara. I continued the ten thrusts back and forth until both begged me to focus on them. 

 "Please, stop teasing me," Sara whined, when I pulled out again. 

 Jane added, "Finish me off." 

 I demanded, as I slid back into Jane, "Bounce back on my cock, slut." 

 She quickly obeyed, "We've really turned on the naughty haven't weeeeeeee." 

 "Once the door is opened," I joked, as I felt Jane bounce on my glowing dick. 

 In a couple of minutes Jane screamed, "Yesssssssssssssss." 

 After a couple more deep backwards thrusts, I pulled out, moved to Sara and slid back into her. She quickly bounced back on my cock as well, deciding to get herself off. 

 It didn't take long before Sara too was coming, her orgasm cascading through her as she collapsed forward. 

 I didn't know how much time I had left, but it didn't matter. Jane sat up and kissed me, unbuckling my strap-on. She whispered, "Now it's time to get you off." 

 She pushed me onto the ground, and buried her face into my cunt while Sara began playing with my breasts. 

 Jane slid her fingers inside me, while simultaneously sucking on my clit, creating an amazing pleasure inside me. She hooked her fingers inside and I finally learned I do indeed have a g-spot as she began tapping on it. 

 "Oh fuck," I screamed. 

 "Who's the boss now?" Jane asked. 

 "You arrrrrrrre," I moaned, knowing that deep down I was way more a submissive than a dominant. 

 My orgasm close, the lights suddenly came on, but I didn't care. I begged, closing my eyes the light seemingly so bright, "Fuuuuck, get me offffffff." 

 Seconds later I came, as Jane slid a second finger inside me. 

 "Fuuuuuuuuuuuck," I screamed, not caring who was watching me orgasm on the floor. 

 A couple of minutes later, Jane pulled her fingers out of me, pulled me up and kissed me. I was so weak, I could barely walk as Cara spoke. 

 "As is always the case, everyone wins in 'Don't Be Afraid of the Dark'," Cara declared. "I hope you enjoyed the games and have a great rest of the night." 

 The music started, as Jane and Sara and I ended up seated back at the table we started at a while ago. 

 I looked across and saw Megan's table was empty. 

 As I sat back, my body spent, I replayed the crazy evening. 

 I looked at Sara, who was patting the head of her blonde pet; I looked at Jane who was finishing a drink while looking at me. 

 I smiled and said, "So what are we doing tomorrow?" 

 Jane laughed, "Its already tomorrow." 

 "Okay," I laughed back. "What are we doing today?" 

 Sara added, "Well, we do have a pet to play with." 

 "Let's go back to my place," Jane suggested. 

 "And do what?" I questioned, raising an eyebrow. 

 "Oh, I think we can think of something," Jane shrugged. 

 Sara added, as we began walking out, "Have you two ever done anal?" 

 The end Report_Story 