#1 

 

 ****** Susan's Request ****** bydawn1958© This story was written for a special reader in hopes she likes it. Please send any comments or suggestions to me, as it is nice to hear from readers. I am fairly new at erotic writing and your comments are appreciated. 

 CHAPTER ONE 

 Susan was a teacher at Randall College and was highly respected for her teaching talents. She was 34 and had married her long time boyfriend. She was totally devoted to her job and carried out all her duties in a very professional manner. Susan always dressed conservatively, not drawing any attention to her slender, womanly body, which seemed to be more easily aroused as she got older. 

 Of late, Susan had turned to masturbating to satisfy her sexual needs. These needs seemed to be increasing in intensity and were happening way more often than she cared to admit. Much too busy at work, she didn't seem to be able to find time to relax with Jay, her husband. Their sex life was very conservative and every time Jay wanted to experiment or try something new, Susan would refuse saying it was too weird. Thinking about it, Susan realized these new things actually turned her on and wondered why she would turn her husband down for such a thing as anal intercourse. 

 Her parents instilled old fashion ideals in Susan, which she was very grateful for. All through her younger years she didn't believe in sexual activity with any man without loving him first. This meant many nights of frustration and she inevitably turned to self-gratification for her fulfillment. In university, her girlfriend, Sally had given her an electric vibrator and she found it extremely capable of giving her earth shattering orgasms on many occasion. 

 Lately, Susan found herself fantasizing about one or two of her students and that filled her with guilt. She would never do anything with a student but those erotic thoughts were coming much more often than in previous years. One of her students, an exchange student named Kaz, was from Russia and his rough demeanor seemed to intimidate Susan like no one before. Every now and then, some of the things he said to her had definite sexual connotations. 

 Somehow, Kaz had gotten her email address and phone number, which made her feel a little uncomfortable. Twice he had phoned her and although the conversations had started out light and friendly, they soon turned to sex talk. Susan had told him to stop but eventually she felt the erotic twinges deep inside. She didn't get completely carried away but did say a few things that she regretted. 'Oh what would he think of her' was all she wondered as she let her guard down on more than one occasion. 

 Kaz smiled as he hung up the phone after talking to Susan the last time. Yes, she was hot. The professional manner in which she dressed and her demeanor made her appear even sexier to him. He was planning on ways to conquer his beautiful teacher and relished the conquest. Kaz understood women and knew how to take liberties with almost any woman he met. The crude manners he displayed seemed to work on most and he played the role to perfection. 

 Yes, Kaz felt Susan's guard was breaking down and he would fuck her before the year was over. This woman commanded his complete attention and his evil plan was working. It was time to attack and tonight like in the earlier calls, he worked the conversation to sex. He smiled with satisfaction as Susan finally relented and told him how horny she was. 

 His next command took Susan by surprise as he ordered her to feel her small breasts. She had to agree that they were small but wow, did they ever have large, sensitive nipples. Following his directions, she uttered a low moan as he told her to roll the hard nipples between her fingers. "Now I want you to describe your tits for me," he asked. 

 Susan described her perky tits and Kaz felt his hardon throb with anticipation. True they were not the biggest tits but they were perfectly shaped making them very seductive. Every once in awhile, she would wear a shear bra and the outline of her nipples would be visible through the thin material. Some women had nipples that when erect, showed through clothing no matter what they wore. Tonight, she confessed to him how sensitive they were and how nice it felt to pinch them with her fingers. 

 Kaz told her how hard his cock was and the phone lines got hotter as Susan experienced phone sex for the first time. "I have my cock out of my pants and it is throbbing as I think of you. My fingers are around the hard, thick shaft and now I am moving my hand up and down," he said into the handset. "It feels so good to pump my hand up and down the shaft and it is jerking in my fist," he told her. 

 Susan blushed even though she was alone and wondered what his cock looked like. His description filled her mind with images of a gorgeous, long cock and she felt her stomach flutter while thinking about it. Her vivid fantasy of touching the pulsating cock and feeling it burn her tender flesh, made her temperature rise. Her breathing actually started to come in short, rapid breaths and she closed her eyes and watched the imagines. 

 As Kaz pumped his cock, he told Susan to put her hand in her panties. "Slide your fingers down your flat tummy and into your panties," he ordered. "What does your bush look like?" he asked and waited for Susan's response. The silence was deafening and she didn't want to answer his prying question. 

 "Susan," he said, "I asked you a question and I want an answer!" he demanded. Reluctantly, she whispered, "It is quite small and the hair is trimmed on the sides so it won't show when I wear a bikini." This took everything she had to tell him and she blushed a bright red. 

 "Now I want your fingers to roam through the hair and caress your flesh above your cunt," he told her. When he said that word, Susan's breath caught and she couldn't believe the added excitement. Her skilled fingers caressed the burning skin and eventually dipped down to the volcano. When her finger grazed the tip of her clitoris, her hips thrust forward wanting more. 

 "Spread your legs Susan and do something for me, will you?" he asked. Susan held her breath and waited for what she knew was coming. 

 "Can you look down and see your pussy?" he requested. "Can you see the pussy lips and tell me what you see as I desperately want to touch you," he told her. "My cock is so hard and stiff that you just have to tell me what you see," he demanded. 

 Susan looked down and saw the wetness exposed which caused her passion to reel. Seeing the puffy lips, she spread her slender legs, as he demanded. This exposed the very tip of her clit and she felt the urge to touch it. Without thinking, she whispered the response he was waiting for. 

 "I can see my pussy and the lips are wet from what is happening," Susan revealed to him. "Yes, yes, go on and tell me exactly what you look like as it makes my cock throb," he begged her with excitement. 

 The thought of him stroking his big cock filled Susan's mind once again and her heart rate increased. No man had ever told her such erotic things and said that her body filled them with desire. 

 Reluctantly, Susan followed his demand and continued. "The hair is very thin and sparse between my legs and my pussy is totally exposed. My lips are slightly spread and I can see the top of my clitoris," she told him. For some unexplained reason, she was unable to stop talking and continued to do as he wanted. 

 "My pussy feels so hot and aroused, and it feels like it is throbbing," Susan eluded. "My fingers are touching the tip of my clit and it feels like it is going to explode," she told him with a sudden feeling of guilt for confiding such personal feelings. 

 

 He knew Susan would have feelings of remorse and had to keep the action moving quickly, before she gained enough control to stop. "Feel your pussy for me, feel the clit and pinch it between your fingers the way I want to," he said. 

 Without hesitation, her fingers did as he ordered and caressed the vulnerable nub. Suddenly, Susan squeezed harder and felt her hips thrust forward, in a wanton manner. Pinching the center of her universe, her feelings skyrocketed upward towards an unfamiliar apex. Rolling the wetness between her strong fingers, she knew what was expected and this caused her breathing to become ragged and raspy. 

 Kaz could hear the sounds over the phone and knew she was falling for his erotic conversation. His plan was working much better than he ever expected and soon he would have complete control of his beautiful teacher. He knew Susan was innocent and naive and this conquest would be the sweetest of his young life. No, she obviously wasn't a virgin but he knew she did not have very much experience in sex. He was determined to turn this sexy teacher into his personal sex slave. Mrs. T would do anything to save her reputation and he was going to take full advantage of this fact. 

 He probably had enough evidence of Susan fraternizing with a student but he wanted to complete the task. "I want you to feel your clit and keep caressing it for me," he ordered. "Now I want you to reach down with your other hand and fuck yourself with your finger," he uttered. 

 He knew from his earlier conversations that she had a speaker phone so he told her to put the phone on speaker so she could put the handset down. This would free up her hands so they could do his evil work. 

 The vulgar words seemed to incense Susan even more and before she could resist, her hand dipped. Instantly, her middle finger thrust into her wet channel and pushed forward so it was fully buried inside her pussy. No person had ever talked so dirty to her and this made her mind fall under his control. 

 "Do you think you can bring yourself to an orgasm for me," he asked. "Susan, I want you to bring yourself to a climax and cum all over your fingers," he told her. 

 Susan felt her face flush and start to burn with intense desire. Her fingers did as he ordered and both hands were moving vigorously. Pinching her most tender clit made her hips thrust and she madly curled her finger upward to fuck her G-spot. 

 "Susan," he said sternly and in a voice that demanded an answer. "I can't stop, I can't stop," she repeated over and over again as her hips rocked out of control. "I am cumming, cumming," she whispered against her will but she knew he wanted to hear it. Her breathing became loud, out of control moans, and Kaz knew she was going through the throes of a violent orgasm. 

 On and on her orgasm went, as Susan had never experience such an explosive climax, certainly not one that lasted this long. Ever muscle in her body tensed and she arched her back hoping to push her cunt up to her demanding fingers. Her juices flowed and she masturbated to his erotic words. Her mind knew this was wrong but she was unable to stop the soaring passion as it rushed over the top. Her life stood absolutely still as the final spasms shot through her lithe body and she held motionless as the waves started down the far side. 

 Nothing like this had ever happened to the sheltered Susan and she slowly became aware of Kaz talking through the speaker. "That was the most erotic thing in my life," he told her and smiled with utter satisfaction. Yes, this was going to be one lovely adventure. 

 He didn't want to scare Susan or make her suspicious of his plans so he decided to call it a night. Just let her relax and relive the passionate evening. He said his good byes in a soft reassuring voice. Tomorrow at school, he would show her who was master and turn sweet Susan into his own personal slut. With that, he squeezed his manhood and pumped it vigorously with the visions of Susan's sexy body running through his mind. 

 The next morning, Kaz woke with a refreshed feeling and one that was only going to improve as the day wore on. His plan was formulated and now it was only a matter of carrying out the details. He felt aroused as he fantasized of the beautiful Susan and how she was soon to become his slave. He was very aware of how she felt about her job and knew she would do anything in the world to protect her professional dignity. A satisfied smile crossed his face as he prepared the next phase of his devious plan. 

 He wrapped the skimpy, shear thong in a small package and added a handwritten note. This he would give to Susan as he left the morning class and he would avoid seeing her the rest of the day. She would worry and stew over his demands but by tomorrow morning, she would faithfully succumb to his requests. 

 Susan purposely avoided eye contact with her phone lover but she was well aware of his presence. His rough voice was heard every once in awhile and her heart skipped a beat every time he spoke. It was as if he was speaking directly to her and it was her duty to listen. Finally she shook her head trying to get rid of the guilt feeling. 

 The bell rang to indicate the end of the class and Susan breathed a sigh of relieve. Suddenly, the stocky figure stopped at her desk and she was afraid to look up. Slowly, he set the small package on her desk and departed the room without a word. 

 Susan stared blankly at the package and wondered what it was. Slowly, she reached for it and began to unwrap the gift. The small note dropped onto her desk and she could see there was writing on it. Removing the paper, her eyes opened wide as she saw the skimpy thong. Why on earth would he give her something like this, she wondered. There was no way she would ever wear such a thing. 

 Almost in a trance, she opened the note and read. "I have recorded evidence that you had phone sex with a student and the school board or teachers association would not approve of such a thing. I will never tell anyone as long as you do as I tell you," he had written. 

 Susan stared into the paper and was suddenly afraid of what could happen if anyone found out. Yes, she had made a big mistake but maybe she could convince him not to tell. There was more and she continued. 

 "I want you to wear the thong all day tomorrow, or else!" he added. "Another thing you will do is shave your pussy. I want all of it shaved or I will tell the board what you have been doing," his words echoed in her mind. Surely he can't be serious, Susan thought. 

 The bell rang for the next class and she quickly put the note and panties in her purse. Not having time to dwell, she taught her next class almost in a daze and the noon bell didn't come soon enough. She went to the lunchroom and looked all over for Kaz, as she just had to plead with him. He purposely avoided her the rest of the day and when the final class of the day was complete, Susan was exhausted from worrying. 

 When she got home, she took the items out of her purse and thought of ways to get out of the situation. What would he do if she didn't wear the thong? What would he do if she didn't shave her pussy? She asked these questions to herself all night and was unable to find a way out. 

 Her usual custom was to have a hot bath before bed and she run the water in preparation. Suddenly she felt a wave of shame rush through her body as she wondered what she would say to her husband about being shaved. No, she just could not do what Kaz had ordered. 

 Then, almost in a trance, she lathered her legs like any other occasion when she shaved, but this time her hand continued until her pelvis was turned white. Her hands were shaking but she slowly put the razor to her skin. Stroke after stroke went through her bush and in a couple of minutes, she witnessed a cleanly shaven cunt. Washing the remaining lather away, she saw how baby like her pussy area looked. No, she should not have done it but it was too late. 

 Suddenly her deft fingers dipped into her crotch. Skillfully, the fingers of her right hand split the red, puffy lips and grabbed the protruding clit. Pinching it, she began to roll it back and forth and realized that she was soaked with more than water. The slippery juices covered her pussy and she was able to roll the long clit easily in the wetness. Quickly, her long finger of her left hand thrust into her waiting hole and she began pumping it in and out. Faster the hands moved and in seconds, her passion reached a volcanic level. 

 The feelings of guilt roared through her mind but she was unable to stop the self-attack. Oh why, she thought and her fingers refused to stop or pause. The first spasm shot through her tender body and she suddenly realized that she was going to experience a mind-blowing orgasm. Squeezing the abused clit even harder, she brought the impeding orgasm to the peak. Her body rocked out of control as she went over the top and at that moment, she didn't care about anything else in her life. On and on the explosions went as her fingers milked every last ounce of lava from her loins. 

 As the spasms slowly subsided, she managed to still her hips and stop her body from shaking. The last shock erupted from deep within and then she lay back onto the curved portion of the warm bathtub. She closed her eyes and refused to think of what had just happened. 

 In a trance, Susan got out of the tub and caught her imagine in the mirror. How odd it looked without any hair but after a few seconds, she accepted the fact. Slipping on the silky nightgown, she went to bed for much needed sleep. Luckily, Jay was already sleeping and there was no explaining needed tonight. 

 The alarm went off at 6 and Susan reluctantly got out of bed. She got ready for work as usual and everything went as normal until it was time to get dressed. Once again she caught sight of her newly shaved pussy and watched as the overly skimpy thong went on over her slender hips. The small white triangle in front would never have covered her hair, she thought, and realized it was odd to be thinking that at this time. Turning around, she noticed how the string from the tiny patch at her waist disappeared between her ass cheeks. 

 Susan shuddered and did not think that she could wear such a thing. Looking again at the image, she reluctantly decided that Kaz would certainly want to know if she did as he directed in his note. Somehow, she had to convince him that this was all a mistake and that he should leave her alone. 

 Time was running short so Susan turned and completed dressing for the day. Oh why did she do what he ordered? How was he ever going to prove that she had obeyed? No, she should never have followed his directions. It was too late now so she headed off to work. 

 The morning classes went smoothly but Susan felt that everyone knew she was wearing a thong. It took until part way through the second class before she could relax and forget about the burning material covering her private area. 

 It was the last class before noon that Kaz was in her class and he entered in his usual casual manner. Meeting her deep, blue eyes, Susan felt the sudden realization of his superior strength and masculinity. She felt small and tender under his stare and a small vibration shot through her body at the thought of his mastery over her. 

 Somehow she got through the class and was so relieved when the noon hour bell rang. Her shoulders slumped forward and she paused for a few minutes in an attempt to get a measure of control back. Deciding to eat in her classroom, she locked the door and enjoyed the time alone. 

 The afternoon went well and at last the final bell sounded. Susan gathered her books and belongings, and headed to the door. Just as she reached the classroom exit, Kaz's stocky body filled the entry and he quickly grabbed the brass knob. Closing the door before Susan had time to react, he swiftly seized the opportunity. Grabbing her shoulders, he twisted her body to place her back against the solid, wooden door. 

 Kaz held her firmly and looked directly into her eyes. "Now I want to see if my little slut did as she was told," he said. Without warning, he held her upper body with one hand, and his other dropped to the hem of her skirt. Susan was unable to move and she knew exactly what was about to happen. In one swift motion, he reached under the hem of her skirt and brought his hand up to Susan's crotch. Her breath caught and held as she felt his hand close over her almost naked pelvis. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Susan's Request ****** bydawn1958© Still looking into her eyes, he said in a stern voice, "Open your legs as I want to feel your beautifully shaved pussy." His eyes told Susan that he meant what he said and then he gave a little twist with his upper hand, which was on the front of Susan's blouse. 

 Like the obedient slave, Susan slowly spread her legs to allow his strong hand to slip between them. Instantly, his fingers lifted the small, silky patch and dove into the promised land below. The thong offered no protection and his skillful fingers found the target at once. Closing on the throbbing bud, he pinched it with determined passion. 

 Susan rolled her head back and closed her eyes tightly as his fingers rolled the throbbing clit around in the abundant juices. She felt lust like never before and instantly felt a loss of control. She was dumbfounded at how turned on she felt and how quickly he turned her stomach into a passion pit. 

 "I like my sluts wet and horny like you are right now," he whispered into her ear. "You have such a nice pussy and it feels so hot when it is shaved," he added and continued to caress Susan's love button. In a matter of seconds, she was soaring up the mountain. 

 Suddenly, he removed his strong fingers from Susan's soaked pussy and a small measure of relieve washed over her. Opening her eyes, she noticed him place his wet fingers next to his lips. With a smile, he slowly opened his mouth and pushed his fingers inside. She could see his tongue whip around the digits and lick the coating off. 

 Then he moved his hand downward again and immediately found the treasure between Susan's legs. Without being told, she spread her thighs to allow entry and his fingers surrounded the tender bud again. Pinching and flicking it, he brought a deep moan from Susan's lips and again she was unable to stop his advance. Back and forth he caressed the throbbing clit and every few seconds, he would thrust his middle finger into the burning inferno. 

 Soon his fingers were coated with love juices and he brought his hand up to Susan's face this time. Placing the very tip of his fingers within an inch of her lips, he waited. The aroma of her own sex drifted upward and filled her nostrils. Now barely touching her pouty lips, Susan knew what he wanted and she slowly opened her mouth. 

 Instantly, he penetrated the waiting cavity and his fingers lay over her tongue. A slight movement of his finger and she began sucking. Licking one finger at a time, she soon had all the juices cleaned from his fingers and swallowed every ounce. A shudder passed through her body with the realization that these fingers had just been inside her cunt. 

 Susan was so close to experiencing an orgasm and prayed that he did not touch her pussy again. Strong and determined as any woman, she knew her body was perilously close to collapse and any more caressing by this monster would certainly bring total embarrassment. Her stomach fluttered as she attempted to regain a measure of control. 

 Suddenly Susan realized he was talking and hadn't heard a word. "You have been a very good girl and I think you have the nicest ass. Would you like me to fuck your ass?" he asked. After a few seconds he demanded an answer. 

 "No, no I have never done that sort of thing and I think it is filthy," Susan responded in a low whisper. "I just couldn't do it," she concluded. 

 With that, Kaz swiftly moved his hand back to the control button and gave it one final squeeze. Pinching the throbbing meat between his strong, stubby fingers, he said, "We don't have time today but tomorrow you are going to fuck me." Looking directly into Susan's eyes, she felt like he hit her in the stomach as he continued, "I want to feel my hard cock inside your shaved cunt and your nice tight virgin ass." 

 Susan shook as he finished talking and finally pulled his soaked fingers from her crotch. In a flash, he pushed her slender body away from the door and exited before she had any chance to respond. Closing the door after him, Susan slumped back against the door and fought to regain control of her senses. No man had ever made her feel so belittled yet she felt her sexual emotions rise beyond any point in her life. She was determined to get control of the situation and not let this vile student take any further liberties with her. 

 Her books and purse had fallen to the floor and she slowly picked them up. It was already well past quitting time so Susan rushed out to her car. Once inside the car, she hugged the steering wheel and her mind thought of ways to get out from under Kaz's spell. Reluctantly, she drove home and felt relieved once in the sanctuary of the house. 

 Her husband wasn't home yet so Susan rushed upstairs to have a quick shower. She felt degraded by what had happened and a nice hot shower would make her feel clean once again. Oh, there it was again, feeling the cleanly shaven area as she scrubbed herself. She remembered the erotic feelings that consumed her body when she carried out the brazen task Kaz demanded. Trying not to touch her private parts, she finished washing and quickly got out of the shower. She felt the familiar tingling deep inside of that thing called lust and did not want to succumb to it right now. 

 Everything went well the rest of the night and all was normal the next morning. Arriving at the college on time, Susan went directly to the classroom to get things ready. A rustling noise behind her gave Susan a start and when she turned, Kaz was standing by her desk. 

 "I was watching your tight ass move around and I can hardly wait to feel it up against my hard cock," he said with a smug smile. Susan's immediate reaction was to scold him harshly but he stopped her dead in her tracks. "Remember you don't want anyone to find out about us do you?" Kaz asked. His words prevented any protest from escaping her lips and Susan gave a sign of defeat. 

 "You are going to feel my cock this afternoon and I want your sweet lips around it," he whispered. With that, he handed Susan a small bag and left without another word. 

 Susan was dumbfounded by his brazen attitude and had never met anyone who took her for granted. Slowly she sat down at her desk and stared at the bag. Reluctantly, she opened it and there was a note on top of some clothes. With shaking fingers, she picked up the note and read. 

 "You will wear these clothes that I have carefully picked out for you. And remember, you will do exactly as you are told. You will wear these clothes and nothing else!" the note read. Hurriedly she continued, as class was due to start shortly. "Meet me in Kinsmen Park at 3 o'clock. Go to the picnic shelter which you can see from the parking lot," read his last instructions. 

 She quickly put the note away and placed the bag in a desk drawer. The rest of the day was a blur and Susan fretted about the afternoon rendezvous. Kaz must have known she had a spare the last class and would be off early today. 

 The time had arrived and Susan was alone as she slowly reached into the drawer. Taking out the bag, she removed the two pieces of clothing. Two, there must be a mistake and she looked franticly into the empty bag. Surely he can't be serious she thought and looked the skirt and sweater over closely. It was a pleated, black skirt almost like a uniform worn by some schoolgirls. The sweater was the correct size but it was very baggy and looked quite small. She shuddered just thinking of what she would look like in this outfit. 

 Not being able to think of a way out, she reluctantly headed for the washroom closest to the parking lot. Maybe she could change there and be able to exit the building to her car without any seeing her. Once inside the restroom stall, she slowly removed her clothing and donned the skirt and sweater. Oh, no, she thought as she had never gone anywhere without under garments and this surely felt strange. 

 On her way out, Susan caught her image in the mirror and shook with fright. This made her look like a young student and it felt like anyone would be able to tell that she was not wearing panties or a bra. Turning sideways, she could see her bare breast exposed through the large armhole so she would have to be careful of this. She brushed the sweater down and gave the bottom a little tug in an attempt to make it longer. She assumed it would do as it just barely covered her tummy and almost reached her waist. The pleats made the skirt wide at the hem and it was not one that she would ever wear as it was way too short. She preferred ones that came down to her knees and didn't show off her shapely legs. 

 Susan almost ran out to her car and was thankful that she did not run into anyone on the way. She breathed a sign of relieve once she got behind the wheel and tried to relax for a minute. Looking down, she saw that the skirt was riding all the way up her thigh and in a show of bravery, she raised the hem to reveal her flesh. Her heart quickened as she saw her shaved pussy and she even spread her legs enough to see that her ruby lips were glistening with moisture. 

 

 Ashamed and feeling guilty, Susan quickly covered herself as best she could and started the Mustang. Her heart was certainly beating much faster than normal and it felt extremely hot for this time of day. Driving a few minutes, she soon came to the park and she felt a strong desire to rush away. Maybe she could see Kaz and reason with him. Yes, she would plead like never before and maybe, just maybe he would feel sorry for her. It was true that nobody must ever find out about what she had done but also, she didn't want to succumb to Kaz's demands. 

 Seeing the shelter Kaz had mentioned, Susan got out of the car and headed towards it. It had sides that were about four feet high with an opening above that between the top of the sides and roof. She couldn't see inside from a distance and slowly walked up to the doorway, hoping he would not be inside. 

 At the doorway, her heart stopped for a second as she saw Kaz sitting on top of a picnic table. He smiled at her and Susan was mad at herself for not remaining steadfast as she flet her tummy quiver in anticipation. For some unknown reason, Susan felt controlled by this boy and her feet started in his direction. 

 He knew she was reluctant and hesitant about being there and she would certainly put up a fight to stop him from assaulting her body. Seeing her sexy body clothed in the schoolgirl outfit made his heart skip a beat and he knew that she was worth the risk to be able to fuck such a fine woman. 

 As she got closer, Kaz stood up and quickly put his arms around Susan and pulled her tight to his hard body. "I knew you wanted me to fuck you Susan and I can hardly wait to get at your ass," he whispered. "Let's see if you dressed as you were instructed," he said and without warning, thrust his hand into her naked crotch. 

 He didn't give Susan a chance to get away and immediately shoved his middle finger into her wetness. His hand cupped her entire slit and he was amazed at how soaked his palm became in just a few seconds. Susan gave a futile attempt to get free but he easily held her steady against his body. 

 Susan never felt so sensitive or alive and her body seemed to belong to someone else. Suddenly, she thrust her hips forward and her mind was going crazy with lust. This can't be happening kept running through her mind, but it was. 

 Suddenly, Kaz released his finger from between her lips and removed his hand from her cunt. Susan felt empty and stood perfectly still, waiting for his next move. This was the time to reason with him and she summonded up the courage to plead. "Please, Kaz, don't do this...," but she was cut off by his lips meeting hers. He forced his kiss on her and his tongue darted out to press between the tightly closed lips. Forcing her lips apart, his tongue entwined with hers and he kissed with a desperate passion. 

 Susan tried not to respond and she conceded to just allow him to kiss her. After a few seconds, Kaz moved his mouth to the side and whispered in her ear. "I want your lips on my cock right now," he ordered. It didn't register right away and it took a few seconds before she realized what he wanted her to do. No, she just couldn't do that she reasoned, and especially with someone she didn't know. 

 Kaz realized that Susan would be reluctant so he had already undone his pants and lowered them enough to release his throbbing manhood. Grabbing Susan's small, delicate hand, he forced it to his waiting cock. She almost screamed when her fingers closed on the burning flesh and she tried to pull away. 

 He decided to show Susan who was in control and quickly turned her around so her back was up against him. With one hand, he easily reached under the loose sweater and grabbed her waiting tit. Squeezing the hard nipple between his strong fingers, he pinched until Susan opened her mouth in protest. 

 Then he used his other hand to flip the skirt up to her waist, and swiftly pushed his hard cock between her legs. He forced his hand between her thighs to spread them enough to allowed his cock to press along the wet slit. Susan's legs almost collapsed when this happened and she felt his thick cock caress between her ass cheeks and run the entire length of her pussy lips. 

 No man had ever treated her like this or even forced her to do any sexual things in her life. This should have made her extremely mad and she should be fighting with all her might. Instead, he whispered once again for her to use her lips on his rock, hard cock. Obediently, she twisted her body around and dropped down to her knees. 

 Her small fingers went around the thick shaft and she held it directly in front of her face. She admired it like no other she had ever seen and lowered her face to the big weapon. Feeling the wide, flared head press between her puffy lips, Susan tasted another man's cum. Sucking it deeper into her mouth, Susan felt passion and lust far beyond any in her life. The cock felt so big and thick that it scared her a little at first. It throbbed and pulsed in her hand and she felt powerful for the first time as she was having such a profound affect on his manhood. 

 Why she was on her knees and even considering sucking his cock was beyond anything she could believe. But here she was obeying his demands and feeling a need she could not resist. His cock was far more desirable than in any of her fantasies and the taste of the nectar was like a powerful drug to her mind. 

 Kaz was not going to last very long and felt his orgasm rising like the speed of a runaway train. Susan pumped the length of cock with her one hand and cupped his hanging balls with the other. Her mouth was performing the best blowjob of his life as she sucked hard and deep. Susan felt his hips begin to thrust and jerk out of control and knew he was about to cum. 

 The hot lava shot out of his cock with such force it took her by surprise and began flowing down her throat. For fear of suffocating, she swallowed and gulped the burning liquid and managed to drink the complete orgasm. His big hand went to her head and held her steady as she milked his cock dry. 

 Suddenly, Susan felt used and degraded when his climax was over could not believe what she had just done. There she was, a strict, professional teacher on her knees giving a blowjob to a student. No, this just didn't happen! 

 Kaz reached down and brought Susan up to stand in front of him. He looked directly into the deep, blue eyes and thanked her for sucking his cock. Here he was so vulgar and rude all the time and she accepted it from him. Oh if only he wouldn't look into her eyes she pleaded with herself, as she didn't seem to be able to refuse any of his demands. No matter how crude or vile they may be. 

 It was now time to become master of her body so he decided to finger fuck her right there in the shelter. He knew she would be filled with guilt and shame if she experienced an orgasm in a public place. Quickly, he reached under the flared skirt and instantly found the control button. Bringing Susan closer and tight against his body, Kaz performed his magic and his fingers caressed the enflamed clitoris. 

 Pinching the enlarged bud with his finger tips, Susan hips thrust madly to capture his hand. The lust filled her mind and all sanity and reason was gone. She felt the orgasm explode immediately and she was unable to stop the rising tide as it soared to the peak. Like a common slut, she spread her slender legs and enabled his attacking hand to have complete access to her shaved love box. 

 He pulled her legs around his hips and put one hand around her body. His hand went to her bare ass and his other was still in front on her wet pussy. Susan instinctually put her arms around his neck to keep from falling and suddenly loud moans came from her lips as the orgasm soared. Somehow he had gotten into a sitting position on the picnic bench and this allowed him to steady her body against his. 

 He attacked her pussy with desperate passion and vigorously rolled the clit in the abundant juices. When his other hand began caressing her ass, Susan felt like someone hit her in the tummy. She had never allowed anyone to touch her ass and now this boy was taking newfound liberties. She opened her mouth to protest but nothing came out. She felt him spread her cheeks and gently push his finger against the forbidden entrance. 

 Susan bit her lip and held her breath in anticipation. Then it happened, he split her asshole and pushed his finger inside. Faster he swirled the tender clit around and around and Susan went delirious. Nothing like this had ever happened to her and the earth shattering orgasm washed over her entire body. On and upward it went and she gave herself completely to this Russian boy. Wave after wave erupted from the center of her being until the final explosion rocketed over the top. 

 Kaz had to admit that this was far better than he ever expected or even planned. He was going to enjoy the future and he could hardly wait to show his beautiful slut to his two compatriots. Yes, Susan would do anything he wanted to keep him quiet and he was certainly going to take advantage of her frail position. 

 Susan's mind was a blur and really didn't know what happened after the climax. All she knew was that no orgasm had ever consumed her body like todays. It was easy to fix her clothes and she quickly brushed them into place to make herself look presentable. How could she let this happen in a public place, she asked herself over and over again? 

 His departing words struck Susan with a blow. "I will see you tomorrow at the same time," he told her and slipped a little card in her hand. It contained the address of a little apartment close to the college and Susan stared blankly at the black and white letters. She was speechless as she watched him turn and leave the shelter. 

 Susan shivered with the realization that this young foreign student had complete control over her. He made her do things that she had always refused to do for anyone in her life, even her husband. 

 Little did she know that this was only the beginning of what Kaz would have her do? Tomorrow, Susan would go from teacher to slut in one short afternoon. 

 THE END OF PART ONE 

 Please send me your comments and suggestions, as I always love to hear from readers. You can email them through the link below. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© This is a story about Susan, a teacher at Randall College who has lived an impeccable life and she placed a high value on her job. She would be considered conservative and dressed that way so as to present a professional appearance to her students. In chapter one, she let her guard down and now a student is determined to make her pay a price for her mistake. 

 CHAPTER TWO 

 Susan had driven home in a complete daze after the session with Kaz in the picnic shelter. Like yesterday, she rushed up to the bedroom and quickly showered in a vain attempt to cleanse her body of any wrongdoing. 

 Her mind was in turmoil all evening and she was thankful that her husband was preoccupied with work. It seemed that her body had come alive and it was in a constant state of arousal. She didn't seem to be able to quell her lust for the forbidden student and she was well aware that it was wrong. Maybe that was why it had such a profound affect on her, it was wrong and she was always the one who never did anything against the rules. 

 The alarm went off as usual in the morning and the first thing that entered Susan's mind was a question. What did Kaz say yesterday as he was leaving? "Wear the same clothes and be at that address by 3 o'clock," he had ordered. 

 The rest of the morning was a daze and Susan's mind was preoccupied by the upcoming afternoon. There had to be a way out of this dilemma but she was unable to think of a viable solution. As the time drew closer to the dreaded meeting time, Susan's felt like there was butterflies in her stomach. She began to realize that she was in too deep and probably in way over her head. 

 The sound of the bell made her flinch and she blushed for the reaction. It was time to get dressed in the manner Kaz had directed but she reluctantly sat down at her desk. Some of the students wondered what was wrong with Mrs. T this afternoon, as she seemed to be in another world. Once the last student had departed, Susan slowly grabbed her bag and went to the washroom. As she had done previously, she choose the washroom closest to her car so she would have to go by less people on the way out of the building. 

 Once Susan was dressed in the appropriate clothing that Kaz had given her, she looked at herself in the mirror. 'Oh why' was all that she could ask herself? The black, pleated skirt made her look like a young schoolgirl in uniform. The baggy sweater hung loosely and she had to be very careful not to flash bare skin as the neck, waist and armholes were so big. 

 She opened the door slowly and looked to see if the hallways were clear before she exited. Almost running to her car, she breathed a sign of relief as she jumped in behind the wheel. Glancing down, she saw that the loose skirt was riding up around the top of her thighs. She was showing way more skin than she normally would and this seemed to build a fire in her tummy. A feeling of excitement rushed through her body as she felt under the skirts hem and put her hand over her pussy. 

 Susan let out a little gasp as she did something uncharacteristic and thoroughly surprised herself. Her finger pushed downward and found the wetness and she spread her legs slightly for more freedom. She didn't know what made her do it, but her finger split the puffy lips and pressed on the most sensitive clit. Rolling it with her forefinger, Susan closed her eyes to enjoy the moment. Instantly, her hips thrust forward and she felt the flames building deep inside. No, no she repeated over and over as she couldn't believe what she was doing right there in the parking lot. Passion filled her loins and her emotions soared to surprising heights in just a few seconds. 

 Suddenly, Susan pulled her hand away from her crotch and gave the hem of her skirt a tug in an attempt to cover her exposed thighs. She had to get control of her emotions and scolded herself for being so wicked. 

 She started the car and drove the short distance to the address that Kaz had printed on the card. Parking in front of the house, Susan stared at the place for a few moments. She hoped that no one would see her and with slow, deliberate movements went up to the door. 

 She was just about to knock when the door opened and Kaz invited her in. He would never get tired of seeing his sexy teacher dressed like a schoolgirl as it made her look so young and desirable. Her slim, athletic body had caught the eye of many a student. He could feel his cock jerk a few times in anticipation of what was to come. To be master of such a prominent teacher and to get her to do things she would never dream of doing was his ultimate goal. 

 He closed the door and guided Susan into the small living room. Susan went a few feet into the room before she noticed two young men sitting on the sofa. Seeing her eyes widen in freight, Kaz introduced his compatriots as Ivan and Vanya. 

 "Don't you think that my teacher is very beautiful and sexy?" he asked his friends. Both nodded in agreement and both realized that Susan was even more attractive than Kaz had described. Ivan dropped his hand to his crotch and gave his stirring cock a quick squeeze. He had been reluctant to go along with Kaz's plan but he now was very glad he did. 

 Susan was speechless and just stood still waiting for something to happen. There was nothing to prepare her for this twist and she didn't know what to do. Suddenly, Kaz came up behind her and put his arms around her torso and hugged her into his stocky body. It was time to take the initiative, as he knew Susan was not brave enough. 

 Unable to stop his attack, Susan flinched as Kaz quickly thrust his hands under the loose fitting sweater. In one quick move, he caught the bottom of the garment with his thumbs and moved his strong hands up to Susan's tits. This exposed her small breasts to the two young men and Kaz cupped the tities in the palm of his hands. Then he squeezed the base of her tits and moved his fingers to the ends in a milking fashion. Pinching the already hard nipples between his fingers, Susan let out a moan of protest. 

 "No, no, please don't," she said and attempted to turn her body around. Kaz easily held her steady and kept caressing her exposed tits. Ivan and Vanya had a perfect view of Susan's small breasts and the sight of Kaz pinching the elongated nipples made them horny. Susan had super sensitive nipples and when he pulled them harder, she pleaded desperately for a reprieve. Fear and common sense kept both boys sitting on the soft cushions as they knew Kaz was their leader. He had told them that he would say when it was time for them to have their way with his teacher. 

 Kaz leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "Remember you don't want anyone at the college to know about me, do you?" Franticly, Susan looked around but slowly came to comprehend that he controlled her destiny because of the mistaken phone conversations. Somehow this evil student knew how to control her every emotion and a shiver of fear ran through her body. Suddenly, she became aware that both boys had moved and were directly in front of her. 

 They had been given their freedom to act and the way Kaz was caressing Susan's firm tits had seduced their young minds. Ivan and Vanya reached for a golden nugget and Susan was unable to move or resist. A cry of protest escaped her lips, as first one, then the other hardened nipple was pinched between demanding fingers. Kaz squeezed her tits harder and offered the rewards to his friends. They had to admit the tities were small but the extra large nipples enhanced them. 

 Susan cried out loud as each boy suddenly devoured a throbbing bud in his hot mouth. The caresses did not hurt but when their teeth surrounded the tender buds, it felt like they would explode. With hungry mouths, they sucked and nibbled on the precious nipples and Susan closed her eyes tightly. Maybe if she couldn't see, it would all go away. 

 Her legs began to tremble and she found it hard to stand. Her mind raced ahead and it thought of what things were going to happen to her if she remained with these students. Ivan and Vanya were exchange students at the college along with Kaz and it was totally unacceptable for a teacher to fraternize with students. Susan began to sob and tears filled her eyes, as she felt totally helpless against such strong, young men. 

 Suddenly she realized that Kaz had lifted her flared skirt and her freshly shaved crotch was exposed to the world. How daring, how provocative it was to be totally exposed to strangers and her mind felt like it was drugged. Susan shivered as a warm hand explores its way down her flat tummy and when it hit the baby skin, her legs almost collapsed. Ivan looked down to see the target and was taken by the gorgeous sight, as he had never seen a bald pussy. The tip of her pink slit was visible and seemed to beckon to him. Slyly, Kaz put his leg between Susan's thighs, which forced her legs to spread. 

 Held firmly between the three strong bodies, Susan was unable to get free of her young captors. Suddenly fingers dipped into the upper region of her pussy and quickly spread the soaked lips. Instantly the throbbing clitoris was pinched between the fingertips and her breaths came in short, rapid gasps as the control knob was twirled vigorously. 

 Everything was happening so fast and coming from so many directions that Susan became lost in confusion. Suddenly hot breath licked the exposed flesh between her legs and it felt like a flamethrower. When the hot tongue lashed out and hit her cunt, Susan began to sob in defeat. 

 Ivan tasted the sweet nectar and hungrily sucked the sweet honey. He licked the wet pussy like a dog and gently nibbled on the throbbing clitoris. Susan was amazed at how quickly spasms erupted from deep within her cunt and she could not stop her hips from thrusting, demanding more from the vulture. 

 He was happy to oblige and thrust his tongue into the fire. A smile of satisfaction crossed Ivan's face as he could hear the pained words Susan uttered. "No, no, please don't," she said in agony as her body succumbed to the vulgar caresses. Not realizing it, Susan spread her legs even more to allow the hungry mouth easier access to the treasure. He sucked the pulsing clit and used the tip of his tongue to thrash the very essence of her sole. Susan's mind was totally consumed by the intense lust bestowed by these boys. 

 Kaz was kissing and caressing Susan from behind and holding her arms firmly to the sides. He kept the skirt bunched up around her waist and the sweater had long since been removed. Vanya feasted on the two small tits by devouring one hard nipple with his mouth and pinching the other with his fingers. Susan's appearance had given him the impression of a young, innocent schoolgirl, which was much different than what he witnessed of her at the college. With her nakedness now exposed, he ravished her body and felt his cock bursting for release. 

 The three students could feel the orgasm rush through Susan's sexy body and they clung to her flesh in an attempt to satisfy her. Kaz had told Ivan about her virgin ass and he took advantage by squeezing both shapely cheeks in his strong hands. This forced her crotch forward and deeper into his waiting mouth. 

 

 Susan had never felt her body so alive and everything these boys did seemed to enflame it even more. Her mind was delirious with lust and the final blow was Ivan's finger finding the forbidden treasure. He slipped the tip of his finger into the tightness and Susan screamed as the most violent orgasm exploded. 

 Desperately, her fingers went to the two heads in front of her. She hugged Vanya closer to her tits and demanded he suck harder. Her other hand pulled Ivan into her crotch and Susan experienced the most powerful climax. Shock after shock raked her lithe body and at that moment, it didn't matter how she felt about fucking a student. Yes, it was wrong but she didn't care. 

 All three were totally amazed by the erotic display and their cocks needed action. As the orgasm roared over the top, Susan was unaware that they were preparing for the next conquest. As the passion slowly subsided, she was lifted by strong arms and carried to the sofa on the far side of the room. Her mind clouded by the intense climax, she did not resist their advances. 

 Quickly each boy removed their restrictive clothing and prepared to make the teacher their fuck toy. Opening her eyes, Susan noticed Kaz sitting right next to her on the sofa and his hard, thick cock was standing proudly. She sucked in her breath, as it looked more magnificent than she ever imagined. Then she realized that he was talking to her. 

 "Now I want you to use my cock," he said and lay back into the soft cushions. His manhood jerked and seemed to beckon, as he just lay motionless and waited. "Sit on me and fuck my cock, Susan," he ordered and said it in a voice that told her he meant it. 

 Almost in a trance, Susan rose off the couch and his cock drew her stare like a magnet. She didn't have room to sit forward so she turned and backed towards the over sized pecker. Slowly she reached between her legs and put her dainty hand around the throbbing shaft. She flinched as the burning meat seared her hand but she held it aimed at her vulnerable pussy. Without thinking, she lowered her hips until the wide head pressed against the wet spot. Susan had never done anything like this in her entire life and a tremor of excitement shook her body. 

 Kaz was unable to prevent his hips from thrusting upward as he just couldn't wait for her inferno to consume his rod. Nothing this big had ever entered Susan and she was determined to take it slow and easy. Suddenly, Kaz put his strong hands on her hips and with a powerful pull, he rammed his spear to the hilt. Susan had dreamed many times of being used by her student but nothing could have prepared her for his ramrod. 

 The loud scream was music to his ears and he held motionless for a few seconds, his cock fully embedded. This gave Susan time to relax and the pain quickly passed, leaving the head of the big cock pressing into virgin territory. Innocently, he jerked his cock with his loins and the tiny pulsing felt like a rocket bursting on her cervix. Susan could hardly breath as the lust filled her body and she was consumed with wanton desire like never before. 

 Ivan and Vanya stood with mouths agape as they watched the two fuck. Kaz sat up, reaching forward and around Susan's body with his right hand. Finding the trigger, he pinched the little nub between his fingers and instantly Susan's hips began to vibrate. Faster and faster they rotated and thrust madly over the pulsating cock. Quickly, she became delirious and her mind was lost in a tidal wave of ecstasy. The orgasm grew and grew, and every nerve in her body was on fire as she coated the thick shaft with her womanly juices. 

 Susan was in uncharted territory and every emotion, every passion was new to her. She fucked her student without quilt or shame and he fulfilled years of her erotic fantasies. Clinching her muscles, she squeezed his beautiful cock and it erupted like a volcano, shooting hot lava deep into her channel. 

 Watching the explosive display of lust, Ivan and Vanya pumped their cocks furiously and Susan watched in amazement at they openly masturbated only inches in front of her. Suddenly, Ivan shot white cum in Susan's direction but Vanya slowed his hand as he had other plans. The room was filled with the sounds of moans and heavy breathing as the orgasms rolled over the crest of the mountain. The searing liquid filled Susan's deepest reaches and she gave her body away. 

 Both bodies jerked and spasmed out of control with no real rhythm as the intense desires slowly rolled down the far side. Susan did not have time to feel any shame or guilt, as Vanya desperately needed her body. He grabbed her naked shoulders and motioned for her to come forward. Susan almost felt reluctant to release the thick cock from her vagina and she hesitated at first. 

 

 Vanya felt the burning desire in his loins and his mind was totally filled with the stories Kaz had told him. He had mentioned that Susan had a virgin ass and she thought anal sex was perverted. Pictures and images of him abusing the seductive teacher enraged his emotions and he was not about to take 'no' for an answer. 

 Pulling Susan off the sofa, he guided her onto the plush carpet. First he would lubricate his long cock so he rolled her on her back. Susan's eyes widened as she saw his length of steel aimed at her vulnerable crotch. His hand was around the narrow shaft and there were still a few inches above his fist, which he guided to the target. 

 Susan held her breath and rolled her head back as he drew closer. Suddenly, she felt him spread her soaked lips and in one powerful thrust, sank his monster in her waiting pussy. Already filled with semen, it allowed him to penetrate her cunt and begin pumping his cock in and out very rapidly. He pounded his cock into her vagina like a madman and Susan rose to meet his crazed demands. 

 The heat was overpowering and he instantly felt a need to orgasm. It was all he could do to keep from climaxing and he reluctantly withdrew his lance. Relieve washed over Susan and she imagined that he was finished using her body. 

 Lust now controlled his every move and he swiftly rolled Susan onto her tummy. Confused, she twisted her upper body and looked back. All of a sudden it hit her, he was going to rape her ass and she was not going to be able to prevent it. So many times she had fantasized about doing this but never once thought it would happen. 

 Vanya admired the shapely, rounded butt as Susan squirmed under his control. It was well camouflaged during school hours and his breath quickened as he made out the pink center. His hand went between the muscular thighs and when his fingers touched the maiden hole, Susan thought she would die. 

 Suddenly, Susan cried out loud and began to sob as a tear ran down her cheek. She cried, not from doing something wrong or perverted, but for feeling the wanton desire to have this young student put his cock in her ass. Vanya slapped her ass cheeks lightly which caused them to redden and she welcomed the punishment for being such a bad girl. 

 His cock glistened with the used juices and he pressed the head to the cherished hole. Then he added saliva to his fingers and placed the extra lubrication on the puckered entrance. Susan held her breath as she knew what was coming and her body was burning with desire. 

 Slowly he pushed his rod into the forbidden land and Susan began to whimper. She pleaded with him to stop as that was expected from someone who did not condone this type of sex. "Please don't, please not like this," Susan begged but felt the fiery passion build. She felt overwhelmed with deep humiliation and realized that she wanted this as much as he did. 

 The intense heat and the strong contraction around his shaft quickly over powered Vanya. Nothing had squeezed his cock like this and the thought of fucking the college teacher in the ass drove him skyward. Two or three pumps were all it took for him to reach the point of no return and the orgasm built in his groin. 

 Out of nowhere, someone reached under Susan's prone body and grabbed her swollen clitoris. The fingers roughly pinched and pulled the tiny clit away from her body, giving her instant gratification. 

 Slowly, Vanya moved his long, skinny cock in and out of Susan's channel. Suddenly he began shooting his hot lava into her deepest regions where no man had ever gone. The super lubrication gave him the freedom to quicken the pace. He put his strong fingers around her slender hips and pulled back hard every time he thrust into her ass. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© Susan felt his need and desperation and for some unknown reason, wanted to satisfy her attacker. She screamed for fulfillment and it was not long coming. The skilled fingers pinched harder and her clit exploded, causing her juices to flow. Vanya fucked the virgin ass with all the passion and might he possessed. He felt the violent spasms go through her body and he drove his missile to the max. For the very first time, Susan's forbidden entrance was filled with cum and she felt another earth shattering orgasm consume her body. 

 No sooner had the last spasm rocketed through her sweaty body, when Kaz and Ivan began carrying out the next phase of the plan to turn the sexy teacher into their slut. Forcing Susan to get into a kneeling position with her head over Vanya's midsection, Kaz gave her the next order. "I want you to clean Vanya and suck all the juices from his cock," he told her. Susan didn't understand what he had said at first and remained motionless. Then he said in a very stern voice, "Susan, get down and suck Vanya's cock and clean it right now. Do you understand?" 

 Suddenly, Kaz gave Susan a guided hand and gently pushed her head towards the intended target. She put her hand out and gingerly put it around the now drooping cock. No, no she could not do this, she thought as she watched the involuntary jerks move his cock in her dainty hand. All of a sudden, her head was pushed to the cock and she obediently opened her mouth. Sucking the head into her mouth, the scent drifted to her nostriles and she realized that it was her juices she could smell. Licking and sucking, she did as Kaz directed and soon the cock glistened with saliva. 

 The position she was in presented Ivan with the perfect target and he could see a trail of cum leak down her muscular thigh. Yes, Susan had been filled with the seed of his two friends and now it was time for him to do the same. Seeing her ass move back and forth as she sucked and cleaned Vanya, it presented the most seductive sight. Innocently, she knelt down to carry out the degrading task and didn't realize what was next. 

 Ivan silently moved in and put his hands on her flared hips. He could see the puffy lips of her cunt between her legs and it was the bull's eye he was looking for. Without warning, he guided his hard cock to the entrance and in one powerful thrust, shoved it in to the hilt. 

 The invasion caught Susan by surprise and she raised her head in protest. She twisted her body and saw Ivan was behind her, with a glazed look in his eyes. Held by Ivan with his hands on her hips and Vanya who was holding her shoulders, she was unable to stop the attack. He began pumping with all his might and the fiery pit immediately took its toll on his stamina. 

 Kaz realized that Ivan was going to use his slut and decided to help. He grabbed a hanging titty in each hand and worked his fingers to the tips. Feeling the hardness, he pinched both and rolled them around with his strong fingers. 

 Susan was distraut by her intense, lustful feelings and could not understand how she could remain at such a heightened, aroused level for so long. She felt totally helpless and unable to control her emotions, which were fueled by her past fantasies. 

 Her body shuddered from the realization that she wanted their young bodies as bad as they wanted hers. If only they had stopped their assault for even a few minutes, she may have been able to regain a measure of sanity. This feeling or arousal was something she had never experienced and she was filled with guilt for allowing college students to ravage her body. 

 Ivan pumped with a fury of it being his last conquest and quickly Susan joined his passion. Fingers went into her curly hair and guided her head back to a hard, throbbing cock. Youthful revitalization had Vanya's cock hard once again and he needed her mouth for satisfaction. 

 The three worked in unison and in a matter of seconds had Susan's body enflamed and soaring towards another orgasm. Multiple orgasms were something Susan had read about but didn't think were real. These young men were giving an older woman experiences she would dream about for the rest of time. A hard cock pounding her pussy; strong, rough fingers caressing her raging nipples; a hard cock thrust deep into her mouth were all giving Susan new heights of ecstasy. All three boys used her body for personal satisfaction and while doing so, took Susan over the highest mountain. 

 As the sweaty bodies came down from the peaks, they all collapsed on the thick carpet, entwined together by arms and legs. Susan was vaguely aware of a dwindling cock still buried deep in her cunt and a semi-hard one held firmly in her right hand. All remained as they were and waited for their temperatures to return to normal. 

 After a few minutes, it became apparent that it was time for Susan to leave as it was getting close to suppertime. She didn't want to raise any alarms at home so slowly she prepared to go. Standing on shaky legs, she brushed her skirt down and noticed how wrinkled and stained it was. Somehow it had remained rolled about her waist the whole time and it did not look very presentable. Oh well, it would have to do. 

 Searching, she found her sweater and put it on quickly. A shiver ran through her body as she felt the remnants of the afternoon leaking from her holes. She felt ashamed and sinful for allowing the events to take place. 

 Dressed and ready to go, Susan noticed that the three naked boys were standing between her and the door. Kaz looked directly into her eyes and Susan's stomach quivered from his stare. "You have to kiss and feel us before you can go," he stated. Thinking they wanted a peck on the cheek, she moved in their direction. As she reached up to give Kaz a kiss, he stopped her and pointed to his lower extremities. Now she understood what he meant and began pleading. "No, no Kaz, please don't make me do it," she begged but was met by his stern look. 

 With a little sob and shrug of her shoulders in defeat, Susan dropped to her knees. Her little hand went to Kaz's cock and tilted it upward to her lips. She could smell the aroma of sex and slowly brought her lips to the flared head. Kissing it gently on the tip, Kaz suddenly said, "Suck it too." Reluctantly, Susan opened her lips and did as he requested. 

 This she repeated with Ivan who also presented his semi-hard cock which she kissed tenderly and sucked for his enjoyment. The most embarrassing thing happened with Vanya who was proudly sporting a hardon. Reluctantly, Susan put her hand around the hard shaft and kissed the swollen head. Just as she opened her mouth to suck, the cock erupted like mount Rushmore. Thick, hot cum spued from the throbbing head and instantly filled her small mouth. Laughing, he grabbed her head and forced his cock into her gaping cavity. Susan swallowed as fast as she could in an attempt to keep breathing but still some cum escaped. Her body trembled from the humiliation and she felt used and dirty, as no one had ever treated her like a common slut before. 

 Once the closing ritual was completed, Susan was allowed to leave. Running to her car, Susan could not get it started quick enough. Revving the engine, she drove away in a hurry and headed for safety. She was worried and troubled from what had transpired this afternoon and thinking about it, she couldn't believe the things they made her do. 

 Tremors rushed through her body of the image of Vanya's cock as it deflowered her ass for the very first time. She sobbed from the fact that her body responded to every caress and every degrading act the boys performed on her. The orgasms were so powerful and mind boggling that she now only thought of them, not the ones that her loving husband gave her. 

 THE END OF CHAPTER TWO 

 Please send any comments or suggestions to me, as I do like hearing from readers. I am fairly new at erotic writing and your suggestions help. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© This is a story about Susan, a teacher at Randall College who made a very big mistake one day. She had been fantasizing for months about one of her exchange students, who at 22 was experienced in the ways of women. He now had control over her and she didn't seem to be able to find a way to stop his humiliating demands. 

 CHAPTER THREE - A TATTOO FOREVER 

 Susan sat at her desk in total confusion. For some unknown reason, her tummy felt like it was filled with butterflies every time Kaz, the foreign exchange student talked to her. Just a moment ago, he had stared into her dark, blue eyes and said in no uncertain terms, "I want you to wear the blouse and skirt, nothing else is that clear?" 

 Defeated once again, she cast her eyes downward and nodded. Then she asked Kaz why he tormented her and humiliated her like he did. His answer was, "You have one of the sexiest and most attractive bodies on campus and it give me a huge adrenaline rush to see it used and abused." His openness shocked her and filled her with total helplessness. It was true, she would do anything to keep his incriminating evidence from the school trustees and he took full advantage of her situation. 

 Oh, how could she do this? What would she tell her husband when he saw the tattoo? The dilemma was overpowering and Susan worried for many hours, until the dreadful hour finally arrived. Almost in a trance, she drove to the parlor and parked in front. Her heart jumped a beat as she saw Kaz inside talking to the owner. Surely he wasn't serious and would not make her get a tattoo. 

 He had explained it very thoroughly. She was to dress in the shear blouse, which was so see through that Susan blushed just thinking about wearing it. This time the skirt was a Scottish plaid, which looked very similar in design to the schoolgirl type she was forced to wear on other occasions. Yes, he wanted her to look like a young student and demanded she dress that way. She was so ashamed as she knew that this outfit would expose her breasts through the almost non-existent material. As long as she was careful, the skirt would cover her nudity and nobody would even know she wasn't wearing panties. She would never do this if it weren't for the mistaken phone conversations that Kaz was using to blackmail her. 

 Reluctantly, Susan went inside and quietly shut the door behind her. Suddenly she felt trapped without any possible escape and she had trouble breathing from the closed in feeling. She felt like crossing her arms as the shear blouse allowed both men to feast on her womanly endowments. Looking in their direction, Susan could see them staring directly at her chest. It took every ounce of courage to even come through the door and now she stood motionless as the two devoured her with their eyes. 

 It was apparent to Jim, the tattoo artist that Susan was truly a beautiful woman. The young schoolgirl look made her look extremely sexy and desirable. Her face gave away her fear of being there and he made a conscious decision to make her feel more at ease. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail, which made her look even younger. He would never guess that she was 34. 

 She didn't have the biggest breasts but they were gorgeous with prominent nipples showing through the transparent cloth. This was one job he would relish and was very thankful to his friend Kaz, who had told him all about Susan. Yes, she was an exhibitionist who wanted to get a small tattoo on her left breast, Kaz had said. He went on to say that she dreamed of having sex with a tall dark stranger and he assured Jim that she would not resist any attempt to fill her cup with cum. 

 Jim took over immediately and asked Susan to come into the back room where he would be performing the task. There was a padded table in the center of the room and he motioned her towards it. Reluctantly, she moved to stand beside the table and Susan felt small and intimidated by his confident manner. The room was brightly lit and there were pictures of tattoos covering the walls. Scanning the detailed art, Susan saw the beauty in some but some were definitely not for her. 

 Jim felt a sudden urge deep in his groin as he placed his hand on Susan's upper arm and guided her onto the padded mattress. Her skin was so warm and silky which only seemed to enflame his mind even more than it already was. He helped her onto the pad, laying her down on her back. This was not the normal way he did business or the way he would give a woman a breast tattoo, but Kaz had insisted on this procedure. "What was he going to do?" he asked himself, "Surely not refuse when something so sexy was offered to him." 

 Jim was skeptical when Kaz had presented the plan to him but once he saw how sexy Susan really was, he was truly glad he went along with the scheme. Kaz had said that Jim could do whatever he wanted with Susan and he would ensure that she co-operated. Now that he saw how desirable her small tits were, he was going to enjoy them like no others. And he marveled at her slender muscular legs, which looked much longer in the short, pleated skirt, as she lay prone on the table. 

 He had to give Kaz credit for finding such a beautiful girlfriend and she did look very sexy dressed as she was. The part he was really looking forward to was finding out if Kaz was telling the truth about Susan wearing no panties. When he said that she kept her pussy shaven and silky smooth, Jim had to struggle to hide his immense desire. 

 Kaz didn't have too much trouble convincing Jim to go along with his scheme. All he said to Jim was that he was welcome to fuck his girlfriend but the only stipulation was that he had to tease her first. He could touch her or caress her wherever or however he wanted, for as long as it took to put the tattoo on her body. Kaz had assured Jim that after the art was completed, he could use Susan's body as often as he liked. 

 Jim was going to pinch himself to see if this was in fact real and he was not dreaming. Who would believe that a guy would offer his girl to any man and that he would not stop him from fucking her? To top it all off, she would not refuse to do anything and he was planning to take full advantage of this situation. If this young man wanted to see his girlfriend fucked by another man, he was only too happy to be that man. His mind was working overtime trying to come up with the proper plan to seduce Susan. Hell, he would even force himself on her if need be as this young boy was not going to protect her. 

 Jim's arms were completely tattooed and he looked just like the stereotype biker dude. He wore blue jeans with a tight t-shirt that showed off his big, muscular arms. He began talking but Susan didn't really hear what he had to say, as she was fretting about being there. 

 "Please take off your blouse," he repeated and she heard this time. Glancing down, she could see her hard nipples pressing outward and she shivered realizing they were so obvious. "Is that really necessary," she asked almost pleading for him to reconsider but knowing full well that she would have to expose herself for him to apply the tattoo. 

 "I think if we are to give you a breast tattoo that you will have to bare it. There will be lots of ink sprayed around," he explained, "and we don't want to get it all over your pretty blouse," he reasoned with her. 

 A quick glance to Kaz was enough to coax her to carry out Jim's request. Slowly, her shaking fingers went to the buttons and one by one, undid them. Pausing for a brief minute before succumbing to the vile request, she then raised her shoulders and slipped off the blouse and handed it to Kaz. 

 Kaz smiled at her deliberate movements and knew Susan was dreading the experience. Both men's hungry eyes grew wide in admiration as the girly tits came into view and they could feel their cocks jerk in anticipation. Naked, Susan's breasts were even more desirable than before and Jim could hardly wait to get his hands on them. 

 Susan kept her eyes cast downward and was afraid to look at the men for fear of crying. She had never felt so humiliated in her entire life as here she was exposing herself like a common hussy. A professional teacher just didn't do that she kept telling herself. 

 Jim took her completely by surprise when he suddenly pinched her erect nipple between his rough fingers and said, "Now I think we should put the tattoo as close as possible to the nipple so it doesn't show when you wear a bra." Susan put her hand to his and attempted to push his hand off her hardened bud. He merely held steady and Kaz quickly let Susan know she was not to resist. His steely glare told her to do whatever Jim requested or he would surely tell about her past indiscretions with him. 

 Taking advantage of Susan's vulnerable situation, Jim squeezed and rolled the large knob, which caused her to give a moan of protest. Another quick look into Kaz's eyes, and Susan relaxed on the pad allowing Jim to caress her tit. Soon he had the nipple throbbing and almost ready to burst. Susan's breathing became a little faster and a quite ragged as she struggled to control her emotions. 

 "What do you think if we put it about here?" he indicated and Susan looked to see where. Then he pinched the enlarged nipple even harder and pulled it off to one side so as to flatten the breast. Quickly she agreed with the location in an attempt to get him to start working. He could see the agony on her face as he rolled the bud so he decided to have some more fun. Without any hesitation, he pinched the neglected bud with his other hand and Susan gasped with surprise from his sudden display of bravery. 

 He was talking and saying how it might be better to put one on the other breast as well but Susan was not listening. All she was trying to do was ignore the throbbing nipples and pretend that what he was doing did not affect her. In her mind, she was acting nonchalant but Jim could tell from her rapid breathing that she was getting aroused. 

 Jim almost fainted when he glanced down and saw that Susan's skirt had ridden up her thigh. In reality, Kaz had slyly shifted it upward and the bottom hem was riding at crotch level. Jim visualized moving to the foot of the table, which would enable him to see under the skirt. Susan was so focused on fighting the building desire caused by her nipples being caressed that she didn't feel what Kaz had done. Also, laying flat on the table didn't allow her to see her lower extremities. 

 Kaz caught Jim's eyes looking at Susan's legs and knew he would soon shift his attention. Smiling with satisfaction, he knew his plan was working perfectly. The tattoo of a hammer and cycle on Susan's tit was truly evil and one she would have to explain for the rest of her life. He wondered how she would do that and what she would say to her husband. 

 Right now his cock ached from being hard as he could see the distress in Susan's face from what Jim was doing. It would only get better as time wore on and his stomach quivered in anticipation. 

 When Jim released Susan's nipples, she breathed a big sigh of relieve. Calmly, her hands went to cover her titties and try to quell the fire that built beneath. 

 In the meantime, Jim moved to his art table to get some tools and begin the task ahead. He picked up the instruments and turned, almost dropping the delicate items as he got his first glance of sweet heaven. 

 Susan was holding her legs together tightly but it still allowed him to see under the skirt. With the hem riding so high, the bright lights illuminated the bald, puffy lips and it was obvious that they were shaved like Kaz had mentioned. The hood of her labia was separated slightly and revealed the tip of the ultimate treasure. 

 Jim could not remember seeing anything so lovely and desirable in all his life. Oh yes, he was going to suck that clit and taste all its bountiful delights. The tip of his tongue quivered just thinking about it. Then he would stick his big cock in her and fuck her until she came on his stick. He trembled with the thought and reluctantly proceeded to the side of the table. 

 Susan saw Jim's intent stare and suddenly realized that her skirt was pulled up way too high. She quickly reached down and lowered the hem as best she could without being too obvious. Noticing her futile attempts at decency, both men chuckled as they realized that soon Jim would be feasting on the luscious riches. 

 Jim began the preparation for the small tattoo and decided to mix business with pleasure. Doing all the proper things, he cleaned and sterilized the area, readying it for the needle. Then he thought of a way to make Susan suffer a little, while he performed his artistry. 

 "I need you to pinch your nipple and hold it away from where I am working," he told her. She didn't understand what he meant and laid motionless. "There will be ink sprayed around and I don't want any to spoil your beautiful nipple," he explained. "Just keep it pulled off to the side so I don't hurt it or get any ink on it," he reasoned with her. Her small fingers did as he requested and innocently she pinched the delicate bud, which the cool air had already made erect. 

 Then he went to work and when the first needle pierced Susan's tender flesh, she let out a small cry of pain. Quickly, the needled instrument drew the outline and after a few seconds, the pain subsided as her skin became numb. The gun vibrated and buzzed as he worked and Susan closed her eyes in an attempt to relax. 

 Slyly, Jim reached across Susan's chest as he drew and purposely brushed her right nipple with his forearm every time he moved. Susan became very aware of his bold caresses but was unable to prevent him from doing it. She wanted to put her free hand up to cover her nakedness but didn't want to alert the two men that her nipples were throbbing. After awhile, her fingers holding the left nipple seemed to pinch a little too hard and the caress was causing the bud to ache. Her mind was racing, "If only he would hurry so I could let go of my nipple," she said to herself. 

 Then Jim paused in his work and said, "Now lets have a look." With that, he pushed Susan's hand from her throbbing bud and instantly she gave a sign of relief. Not to give her time to recover, Jim wiped the complete area with an alcohol swab and innocently brushed the standing nip every time he wiped. The cool liquid enflamed her nipple even more and the air made it rock hard. 

 Suddenly, Jim pinched the free nipple with his left hand and Susan looked shocked by the bold caress. She was about to protest when Kaz pinched her arm slightly to remind her that she was to be obedient. With a shrug of her shoulders, Susan relaxed back on the mat. 

 When no protests came from Susan, Jim became bolder and now pinched both nipples at the same time. "I think another tattoo on this breast would look nice, don't you?" he asked. Susan wanted to yell at him, "Don't touch my nipples you bastard," but instead said "Not today as it hurts too much for me to get another one right now." 

 Jim continued talking about another drawing but Susan didn't hear as her tummy was churning madly from what he was doing. It was like her hands were bound and she was not able to resist his assault. Then he twisted both nipples and pulled them to the sides, which brought a moan of protest from deep, down in Susan's throat. Again she wanted to scream, "Please don't do that," not because it hurt so badly but because it made her nipples ache from being so erect. "Oh, I hope they don't notice that I am so flushed," she thought as she blushed from embarrassment. 

 A plan formed in Jim's devilish mind and he reluctantly released the enflamed nubs. The relief was instantaneous for Susan and she attempted to gain control of her breathing, which had quickened. 

 His words hit her like a ton of bricks and panic filled her innocent body. "I think a small tattoo near your pussy would look nice and I will even do it for free since I like you two," Jim said. As soon as he said it, Kaz agreed and told Jim that Susan would be okay with it too. Franticly, Susan looked at Kaz but didn't dare say what she felt. No, this can't be happening, she thought and little sobs of defeat escaped her mouth. 

 Looking at Susan's midsection, there really wasn't a need to raise the skirt much more than it already was but Jim became the ultimate actor. "Susan, could you please undo your skirt and lower it so I can see where the tattoo would look best," he said as he gave a big smile. Yes, he could just pull the hem up and do it, but he wanted her to feel the humiliation of exposing herself. 

 Susan held off as long as possible until she felt the probing pinch from Kaz and knew she was to obey. Slowly, her fingers went to the clasp, undoing it. Then her shaking fingers grabbed the tab of the zipper and the sound was music to Jim's ears. Susan let out a small cry as she reluctantly pushed the waist of the skirt downwards. The few inches she lowered it didn't allow Jim to see the impending rewards and his heart began to race like crazy. He felt like reaching out and pulling the skirt all the way off but decided to continue with his evil plan. 

 "That's not far enough and I need it all the way down," he insisted and waited for Susan to comply. With another sob, she obediently lowered the skirt until it was below her crotch. When the shaved cunt and reddish lips came into view, Jim's cock almost snapped in two as it pushed outwards into the denim jeans. It was all he could do to not jump her bones right away and he just stared in lust at the beautiful sight. 

 Susan could see the desire building in his face and closed her eyes as she realized she was willingly exposing herself to a strange man. She would never in a million years do this if it weren't for the threatening evidence that Kaz held over her. 

 When his burning fingers touched her flesh, the electric shock almost made Susan fall off the table. She held her legs pressed tightly together but his fingers were just a mere inch or two from her crotch. Maybe he couldn't see her most private part she reasoned but from below her body, Jim could see the wetness clearly. If he didn't get some satisfaction in a hurry, he would surely explode was all that was going through his mind. 

 Both men grinned with approval as they witnessed Susan's body twitch and jerk as Jim's roving fingers moved over the clean-shaven area. Her breathing was getting quite ragged as she desperately fought to keep some measure of control. It took every bit of strength she had to lay on the padded top and not jump up and run for it. His fingers were getting much braver as they traced a path across the most sensitive skin, coming dangerously close to the wet lips. 

 Susan was shocked back to reality by Jim saying, "I hear a lot of women have their clits pierced, do you Susan?" She opened her eyes and stared at him while shaking her head in response to his question. Suddenly, she sensed that he was going to caress her and she was going to allow him to do it. His fingers deliberately traced a path to the 'V' at the top of her thighs and gently pushed downward. Feeling the pressure and his need to spread her wide, Susan's body shuddered as she obediently forced her legs to open. His demanding fingers tapped the sides of both thighs, telling her that she was to spread even wider. With a little sob, she relented and did as he ordered. 

 Her eyes remained as they were as she saw him look down, knowing what he was looking for. Susan sucked her breathe in as she felt any remaining dignity disappear and Jim swiftly removed the skirt, leaving her completely naked. She stared off into space as his head slowly dropped and Susan tightened her tummy, waiting for the attack she knew was coming. 

 The fires built deep inside Susan and her temperature skyrocketed to an almost unbearable level. Kaz knew what Jim was going to do and moved to keep Susan from resisting. He stretched her left arm out from her body and behind his body as he leaned forward to whisper into her ear. Then he reached across and grabbed her other arm, extending it outward so that both arms were now straight out from her chest. Susan was concentrating so hard on not succumbing to the rising desires that she allowed Kaz to do whatever he liked. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© "I am glad you are co-operating and being such a good girl so I won't have to punish you," Kaz whispered. Then he nibbled her ear and kissed the side of her face in a loving fashion. The show of tenderness made Susan happy even though she was being forced to do what he ordered. In a last frantic attempt, Susan pleaded with Kaz to help her. "Kaz, please don't let this happen, please," she begged him. "Please, I'll do anything you ask, just don't let him touch me," she made a last desperate plea. 

 Suddenly, Susan universe was opened wide as Jim put his fingertips to the puffy lips and spread them apart. The electric shock almost caused her to faint and she knew her treasures were exposed to the villain. "Kaz, he...he...he, oh no, please don't," but it was too late. When his hot, hungry mouth hit the clitoris, her world was taken against her wishes but she was unable to stop her hips from thrusting upwards. 

 A low, deep moan escaped her mouth and Kaz took the liberty to kiss her fully on the lips. Instantly, his darting tongue pressed into her mouth and inter twined with hers. He released his grip on her right arm and his fingers found a waiting breast, pinching the throbbing nipple. Susan reluctantly pushed her chest up to his hand and kept her arm extended as if it were bound there. She twisted her shoulders off the mat, first one, then the other, and the invisible ties kept her arms pinned to the sides. In her mind, these two men were taking her against her will. 

 Without warning, Jim sucked the exposed pussy hard into his mouth and closed his teeth lightly over the enflamed clit. Susan's scream was silenced by Kaz's kiss and the explosion was earth shattering inside her tender body. A violent shudder rocked her lithe body, as she was unable to stop the impending orgasm. Her reactions and immediate orgasm fueled Jim's intense desires and his mind was filled with lust. His caresses were relentless as his tongue started beating on the swollen nub inside his hot cavity. Every nerve in Susan's body was tingling out of control as Jim licked her pussy with skill not experienced by her before. 

 Then Jim released her swollen lips and put his big hands under Susan's tight ass cheeks and squeezed. The feeling was unbelievable as she thrust her hips with all her might and begged him to consume her sole. The orgasm soared towards the highest mountain peak and her mind was totally lost in ecstasy. Kaz looked on wide-eyed with deep envy as his newfound friend took his girl to new heights. 

 It was all that Kaz could do to hold onto his beautiful woman as Susan's body thrashed on the padded table. His cock erupted like a gusher and he was unable to control his passion as he watched the violent climax roar over the top. It fulfilled another fantasy that he had of his teacher and he was content to let Jim use Susan. 

 Slowly, the lust began to subside and Susan's sweaty body quieted. Then Jim's tongue stroked the control button a few more times and it seemed her clit was even more sensitive than before. She pushed her pussy into his mouth, almost begging him to eat her and he drank the sweet nectar like a man possessed. A few more spasms rocked her frail body and she filled him with her womanly juices. 

 Susan had never felt such embarrassment in all her life once the orgasm subsided and her emotions returned to normal. She sobbed in defeat and just wished that it were all over so she could go home. This was not to be as now Jim was truly enraged and needed satisfaction before he too exploded in his pants. 

 Jim spoke and Susan had a hard time comprehending what he was saying. "Now I think it is time for me to give you a free tattoo right about here," he said and indicated a spot just above the soaked hood of her labia. Susan was not able to say a word and just looked down with her mouth wide open in disbelieve. Jim knew she would not want it there and had other plans to fulfill his dream. She would have a hard time explaining a tattoo so near to her cunt but one on her ass would be much easier to justify. 

 

 He grabbed her slender hips and easily rolled her over onto her stomach. Susan wondered what was next and then he suggested the alternative, which he knew she would go for. "Maybe one small tattoo here on your right cheek would be nice," he said and pointed to a spot higher up on her buttocks. She breathed a big sigh of relieve and then he asked, "What do you think?" Kaz immediately voiced his approval and reluctantly, Susan did the same. She reasoned that it would be much better to have it there, as her husband would accept it much more readily. 

 Jim could hardly wait to get the tattoo finished, as he would then enact the rest of his plan. Glancing down, he could see that Susan was trying to hold her legs together tightly. He was thankful for her slender thighs, which stayed slightly separated and enabled him to see the glistening cunt lips. His stomach quivered just thinking about unleashing his cock into such a gorgeous pussy. 

 The sound of the gun echoed in the small room and Susan's muscles tightened in anticipation of the needle. She turned her head forward and looked straight into the soft mattress pad. 

 Then Kaz moved to a position above her at the top of the table and gently held her upper arms in an effort to comfort her. Susan did feel the tenderness and looked up into his eyes. The butterflies again fluttered in her tummy as she felt his manly control, which he held over her. It was just like the first time she saw him and her body yearned for his touch. She couldn't understand what it was that drew her to him but she was unable to control the deep urges. No, she didn't think she loved him. It was just the uncontrollable desire to have this young man control her and make her do things that she would never consciously do. Her body shuddered as she realized that she would do anything Kaz asked her to do even without the blackmail evidence he held over her. She asked herself, "Am I a slut?" 

 Susan flinched as the first needle pierced her skin but soon the feeling was numbed so that it was just a scratching pain. Jim applied the ink over the stenciled lines and soon had the small picture drawn. Kaz smiled as he looked around Susan's body and saw Jim performing the tattoo with his right hand, while his left was preparing for the next phase. He had removed his pants and as his shorts drifted to the floor, Kaz witnessed a Susan breaker. 

 For the second time in less than an hour Kaz was filled with envy and it was his turn for butterflies. He eyed the long cock bouncing up and down in front of Jim's skinny hips, a mere few inches from home. He felt the urge to stop this but it quickly passed, as he knew Susan would not be physically hurt. That was as long as Jim took his time and didn't ram his big cock to the hilt right away. 

 Then an evil smile crossed Jim's face as he applied the last few strokes for the tattoo. "That should just about do it, and now I just have to clean and sterilize the area," he told Susan. "I will have to slide your body down," he told her and pulled her hips downward until the edge of the table was at her pelvis. Susan's feet went to the floor and Kaz continued to hold her upper body pressed firmly onto the mattress pad. 

 Jim rubbed the alcohol swab across the whole area and removed the loose ink, seeing that there was still one spot that needed a touchup. "I have to add a little more color to one line," he told Susan and the buzzing sound of the needle started up again. 

 Keeping the needle pressed to her skin, Jim slyly guided the head of his manhood to the target. Glancing down, he gently touched the tip of the flared head to the outer lips of Susan's pussy. When this happened, Susan's head shot up and she looked into Kaz's eyes with a puzzled look. Holding perfectly still, she felt the mancock spread her soaked lips and Jim pushed the head hard against her clitoris. 

 Susan began breathing much faster and she pleaded with Kaz, "Please don't let him put his pecker in me, please don't." The feeling of the needles on her flesh and the cock caressing her most sensitive clit drove the flames through Susan's belly. A rocket burst deep inside and she held steady, waiting to be used again. Her heart raced and she felt every nerve in her body come alive. 

 Once the tattoo was competed, Jim set his instrument down and concentrated on the task at hand. Keeping his cock at the entrance to the pearly gates, he bent at the waist and leaned forward on top of Susan's back. Susan had spread her feet to gain better balance and this gave him all the freedom he needed. 

 Being much taller than she was, his head came up to the back of hers and he grabbed her hair in his hands. This raised her head higher and he whispered, "What do you want me to do now." Franticly, Susan looked at Kaz but held perfectly still. Then he pushed his hips forward slightly and Susan's mouth opened wide as an inch or two of cock entered her fiery pit. Her breathing became more ragged and her heart beat so fast her chest hurt. 

 Roughly, he pulled back on her hair and demanded an answer, "I asked you what you wanted me to do?" Slowly, with the patience of a demon, he inched his cock inside her volcano and gave another tug on her hair. Panic filled her pure sole and Susan couldn't think of any way out. "Please, please," she begged. "Please, please," again and again. 

 Desperately, she tried to quell the rising tidal wave but nothing this powerful had ever consumed her womanly body. Suddenly she realized that she really didn't want him to stop like little Susan the teacher would want, she wanted him to fuck her. "Please, please fuck me. Fuck me. Shove your hard cock into my cunt and fuck me you bastard," she said and the guilt and shame washed over her. Susan had never been so overwhelmed with lust and powerful spasms shook her body to the core. 

 The need quickly enraged Jim's body and he thrust forward in desperation now. The burning walls of Susan's cunt scorched his cock and he could feel his stamina quickly being robbed by the tight, girlie cunt. 

 He released his grip on Susan's hair and she felt his body push upward, into a standing position. She felt a brief moment of relieve as the weight of his body lifted off her back but what happened next would change her life. With the end of his cock still engulfed by the fiery pit, Jim reached for the silky, smooth hips. Mesmerized by the hot flesh of her rounded ass, he watched his fingers dig into the white, firm cheeks. Then he focused all his attention on controlling his rising desire so he could prolong this moment. At the same time, Susan was attempting to slow her breathing and calm her emotions. 

 Almost in a trance, he pulled on the flared hips and slowly pushed his hips forward. Susan had relaxed her upper body onto the mat and Jim's thrust brought her head upright once again. The big cock inched its way deeper, causing animal sounds to escape Susan's throat. Suddenly, the tip pressed on her cervix and her body shot forward in an attempt to get away. Her hips thrust into the table and there was no room to escape. 

 Sensing that he had reached uncharted territory, Jim slowly withdrew the long shaft and Susan suddenly had an empty feeling. Again he pushed forward and something took over Susan's mind. She pushed back with all her strength and rammed his cock into the deepest regions, screaming with ecstasy as it bore into the center of her universe. If there was pain, she didn't feel it over the lust that raged through her body. She held her body steady and allowed Jim to fuck her body like no man had ever done. 

 Slowly he began the pumping action, savoring the intense heat of Susan's loins. She desperately wanted to prolong any climax but was unable to prevent the violent explosion, which erupted, sending lubricating juices to coat the intruder. Feeling the schoolgirl orgasm after just two or three thrusts, Jim's ego flourished and he pumped with more urgency. Susan's pussy convulsed around the big cock and quickly eroded any attempt Jim had of prolonging his orgasm. 

 Susan's orgasm raced to the summit and she cried out loud, "No, no," as the first blast of hot lava shot into her epicenter. Jim held his monster cock fully embedded in his slut and his hips jerked out of control, empting the immense load of hot semen. Susan held onto the table with all her might and relished the fucking of her life. 

 All three bodies collapsed onto the table, Susan on the mat and the two men hugging the sweaty, feminine body under theirs. It took several seconds before anyone moved, before finally, Kaz rose and searched for Susan's discarded clothes. He felt a dire need to be fulfilled and wanted to get his Susan into the privacy of her car. 

 Jim on the other hand, was purely content to lie over Susan's body and leave his ramrod buried in heaven. Susan felt fully content and filled with the semi- hard cock still caressing every inch of her vagina. The juices of two lovers mixed in the love tunnel and a trickle ran down her slim, muscular thigh. The two sort of drifted off into dreamland and enjoyed the aftermath of the intense ecstasy. 

 Kaz quickly found Susan's two discarded garments and shook the motionless bodies to life. "Its time to go Susan," he said and held out her skirt and blouse, motioning for her to get up. Reluctantly, Jim shifted his body and gave his cock one last jerk, savoring the memorable moment. 

 Kaz had to admit that events had gotten slightly out of his control but he did accomplish his ultimate goal. He watched Susan succumb to his demands and his soiled pants were indication how erotic the session turn out. Yes, his fantasy had been fulfilled but now his rock, hard cock was fueling his mind into action. 

 Susan stood before him and reached for the clothes. The swollen pussy lips drew his stare and seemed to beckon to him. It was all he could do to resist fucking her right there. Susan had never looked sexier and the flashback of what just happened set his male hormones on fire once again. 

 Suddenly he got the urge to have Susan suck his cock right there in front of Jim. It surely was something that she would never do and an evil grin crossed his face. This control, this master slave scenario enflamed his ego beyond a reasonable level and he dropped the clothes. Reaching out, he grabbed Susan by the shoulders and pulled her into his stocky body. Feeling that everything was all over, she allowed him to do what he wanted and even returned his kiss as his demanding mouth sought revenge. Yes, he had suffered while watching Jim have his way with Susan and now he wanted retribution. 

 Jim smiled as he watched the young man kiss and fondle a real woman. One with more passion and lust than any woman he had ever encountered. She may dress like a schoolgirl and act like one, but she was definitely a mature woman. He was more than content to just sit back and enjoy the show as his desires had been adequately satisfied. 

 Shock and utter dismay rolled over Susan as Kaz suddenly whispered in her ear. "I need your lips on my cock now," he demanded and in a dire panic, Susan looked left and right to see where Jim had gone. Seeing him relaxing on a chair with a contented smile, she pleaded with Kaz. "Not here, not now, please," she begged him, knowing full well that his mind was already made up. 

 Standing in the open air exposing her womanly attributes to the world, Susan felt totally intimidated by her master Kaz and by Jim's superior strength. She was confused and humiliated, but at the same time, felt a familiar tingling deep inside her loins. "What should she do," she asked herself but Kaz answered that question quickly. With a stern voice he said, "Do it." That was all it took and Susan knew what she had to do. 

 Her fingers trembled as she bent down and fumbled with the front of Kaz's pants. Slowly, she undid the button and then lowered the zipper, knowing full well what lay behind the denim jeans. The scent of stale sex drifted into the air and as she lowered the jeans, she noticed his shorts were wet and stained in front. Almost in a trance, she removed his clothes and allowed his big, thick cock to jump into the air. Her breath caught and held for a few seconds as she watched her masters cock jerk in anticipation. Obediently, her dainty fingers went around the thick shaft and held the wide head barely in front of her face. 

 Kaz thrust his hips and his fingers went into her hair as he demonstrated his need for urgency. His breathing was rapid and the tip of his cock was covered with pre-cum. Reluctantly, Susan lowered her head and sucked the head into her steaming mouth, licking the saline solution off the tip. The combination of Susan's hot mouth and the fantasies of her fucking another man quickly drove Kaz to the brink. The flames licked the flared head of his cock and the first blast shot into Susan's mouth without warning. She quickly overcame the initial shock and swallowed as fast as she could, trying not to choke on the burning lava. His young hips thrust wildly and Susan had to put her hands around them to steady herself. Her jaws were open as wide as possible and he pumped his big cock empting his seed into her mouth. 

 Jim watched Susan's naked hips roll around as Kaz molested her and there was no more beautiful sight. Her ass was so firm and slender that it made her cheeks look perfectly rounded. When Kaz started shooting his load into her waiting cavity, Susan bent over and put her knees on the floor. Jim had a perfect view of Susan's backside and it seemed to summon him as it wavered back and forth. He could see the swollen, puffy lips of the pussy he filled not 30 minutes ago and just above, the forbidden puckered entrance. The urge was too great and he swiftly moved behind Susan's body even though his ramrod was still in a softened state. Susan felt Jim's movement and tried in vain to see what he was up to. 

 The cock filling her mouth and the large amount of semen running down her throat stifled her loud scream. Kaz held her head steady with his hand and cock while Jim thrust his middle finger between the cheeks of Susan's tight ass. Possessed by the devil he pumped his finger like a small cock and she was unable to prevent his assault on her vulnerable ass. There was a small amount of pain but it soon dissipated. Susan angrily scolded herself for allowing the familiar pangs of desire to flow through her insides, as what Jim was doing was totally degrading. 

 With great relieve, she felt Kaz's hips slow down and the spasms begin to quiet in his loins, which indicated that his orgasm was finished. After the last bit of cum was milked from his balls, Kaz felt a desperate need to depart and get his girlfriend away from Jim. Quickly he pulled Susan to a standing position, which prevented Jim from finger fucking her any further, and the room became very quiet. Then there was the rustling of clothes as everyone went about getting dressed as quickly as possible. It didn't take very long before Kaz and Susan was ready to go and they thanked Jim for the beautiful artistry. 

 Jim realized that Susan would need some medication materials and got the sterile dressings and ointment from his inventory. He gave it to her with instructions on how to take proper care of the tattoos for the next week. After all, these drawings would last forever and he wanted them to remain in perfect as the body they were on. 

 The thought of any repeat business sent an exciting shudder through his exhausted body. 

 THE END OF CHAPTER THREE - A TATTOO FOREVER 

 Please send any comments or suggestions to me, as I do like hearing from readers. I am fairly new at erotic writing and your suggestions help. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 04 ****** bydawn1958© This is a story about Susan, a teacher at Randall College who made a very big mistake one day. She had been fantasizing for months about one of her exchange students, who at 22 was experienced in the ways of women. He now had control over her and she didn't seem to be able to find a way to stop his humiliating demands. 

 You may need to read the previous 3 chapters to understand some of the events written in this chapter. 

 CHAPTER 4 - A NIGHT AT THE MOVIES 

 Kaz was determined to control Susan at every opportunity and he relished her humiliation when he made her do things that were against her believes. She came from a very sheltered background and was totally naive about sex when she married her husband, Jay right after graduating from university. At 34, she was devoted to her job at Randall College and the one time she strayed from the righteous path, Kaz was there to gather the incriminating evidence. 

 The events last week at the tattoo parlor made Susan realize that she was under the spell of her 22-year-old student. It wasn't really the blackmail threat that made her succumb to Kaz's evil demands; it was fantasy of being controlled by a covert lover. 

 

 Susan got out of the shower and was immediately struck with the image of the red tattoo in the mirror. Her stomach quivered as she stared at it and her dainty fingers went up to touch the newly healed sketch. Seeing the hammer and cycle reminded her of Kaz and her fingers gently moved to the erect bud just two inches away. Her eyes stared at the drawing while her fingers twisted the nipple, causing her body to shudder from immediate arousal. 

 She was at a loss to understand how just thinking of this exchange student filled her body with instant passion. Whenever she did fantasize about Kaz, she did things that she would never dream of doing. She was panic struck after getting tattooed and wondered how she would ever be able to explain them to Jay. Ironically, it went over better than expected and it even heightened their sex life as the sight of the two colorful drawings aroused Jay. 

 Suddenly Susan had to see the small flower tattooed on her buttocks so she turned slightly, enabling the image to be seen. The sight of the red, bud rose with the green stem and two small leaves made her tummy quiver with excitement. Her free hand went down to her freshly shaved area and her middle finger slinked its way into the wetness. Looking at the tattoo, her fingers performed magic in a mere few seconds as her nipple throbbed and her clit was rolled back and forth in the abundant juices. These days it took hardly any time to bring herself to the boiling point and she didn't seem to be able to control the flames. 

 No, she better stop caressing her body before she reached that point of no return and she ripped her eyes away from the searing images. As she did, the pictures from that eventful afternoon at the tattoo parlor of Jim's big cock flashed through her mind. When her loins quivered from the memory of Jim using it on her now throbbing pussy, her fingers pinched harder on the protruding bud. 

 In seconds, her hips began vibrating and her breathing became much faster. "No, I have to stop," she whispered but the lust was already too far up the mountain. The guilt and shame filled her body but it was nothing compared to the rising desire for Kaz and Jim. Masturbating was never accepted in her upbringing but here she was lusting in self-gratification. This had been a daily occurrence for the past week and a half and she couldn't resist the temptation. 

 Her fingers pressed down hard on the throbbing clit and rubbed vigorously as the first explosion rocked her slim hips. Susan almost collapsed as the orgasm rolled upward and her legs trembled from the intense passion. Her mind lost, she wondered why she lost control of her emotions so easily nowadays. Suddenly her pelvis thrust madly and her skilled fingers made the dam burst. Her juices flowed and scene after scene of that eventful afternoon flashed through her brain. 

 The orgasm roared over the top as fast as it started and continued down the far side. As the ecstasy subsided and her breathing slowed to a normal rate, the shameful feeling returned. Susan shook her head in an attempt to rid her thinking of those evil men who preyed on her delicate emotions. 

 She must start getting ready for her meeting with Kaz. He had instructed her to be at the library by three o'clock as he had a surprise. Susan scolded herself for obeying his every whim and always doing what he demanded. Certainly, she was in too deep for her own good. She reasoned that there was no alternative but to do as he requested. With one last glance at the tattoo donning her left breast, she departed the washroom entering the walk-in closet. 

 The attire that Kaz wanted her to wear was nothing but the normal short, pleated skirt and a white, silk blouse. At least the blouse was not see-through like some of the other ones he made her wear. Obviously Kaz had a thing about schoolgirls and wanted her to dress like one. Even at her age she looked the part and only a real close inspection would tell anyone that she was over 30. 

 She dressed and with a final shrug of her shoulders, left for her appointment with her dream student. Yes, Kaz was the focus of many fantasies she had on a daily basis and Susan had become a slave to the emotions she felt towards him. 

 Kaz watched Susan in amazement as she walked towards him and he would never tire of her sexy body. He imagined the naked body under the blouse and skirt and marveled at the luck of being able to be master over his college teacher. Susan would do anything he demanded and his mind worked feverishly to dream up humiliating things for her to perform. Forcing her to get the tattoos was totally evil and he had another devilish evening planned for Susan. 

 Quietly, he explained the events of the upcoming hours and he watched Susan's face cringe from the details. They were going to go to the adult theater downtown and watch a movie. Of course he left out the small details, which would have frightened her from going with him. Susan was in for more embarrassment but she was far to naive to comprehend what Kaz had in store for her. What could happen in a public theater she thought? A little necking and feeling by Kaz but certainly nothing too implicating. 

 They arrived at the theater around four in the afternoon and once inside, they noticed only about a dozen patrons spread throughout the seating area. Kaz picked a stranger out of the blue and he was about to give him the best time of his life. 

 The movie was well underway and watching the scenes had given the man a raging hardon. Now this young couple sat beside him and the boy told him that his girlfriend would suck his cock. The stranger was shocked but not nearly as shocked as Susan when she heard what Kaz had said. Franticly, she looked at Kaz but he just indicated that she sit quietly and be a good girl. 

 The stranger didn't believe what he had just heard but Kaz reassured him that indeed, his girlfriend would give him a blowjob. "All you have to do is take your cock out and my girl will suck it," he whispered again to the man. The stranger looked at Susan, noticing how beautiful and radiant she was, and instantly decided she was worth the risk. True, she did look older than the boy but her sex appeal made the difference forgettable. 

 Then Kaz did something that told the stranger that his girlfriend was a slut. He opened her silky, white blouse, which he had already unbuttoned, and there a mere foot away from the stranger was two gorgeous tits. True, they were not 38D's but they did have two of the prettiest nipples that beckoned to him. Kaz quickly caressed one nip while gesturing to the man that he was welcome to sample the other. The stranger couldn't resist and reached for the exposed tit and found the neglected nipple with his callused fingers. Susan flinched and tried desperately to think of ways to stop this insanity. 

 The man decided to take a chance and grabbed the tab on his zipper. The sound of it being lowered resonated in Susan's ears and she almost fainted when the big cock sprang out of his pants. In a flash, the man put his fist around the thick shaft and pumped the monster, which made it jerk wildly in the air. 

 The man could see the surprised look on Susan's face and that gave him even more confidence. He was proud of his manhood like most men and he pumped it faster which quickly turned it into a raging piece of steel. 

 Kaz leaned into Susan and explained what was going to happen and that she had better not disappoint him. She stared wide-eyed at the big dick and it finally hit home, what she was suppose to do. Turning her head to her left, she pleaded with Kaz to not make her do this with a complete stranger. "Please, please Kaz, I just can't do it with him," she begged but he ignored every word. 

 Franticly, she looked back to the stranger and saw the wide, flared head dance as he molested his cock. Her stomach was quivering like crazy as she suddenly realized that she was expected to suck this man right there in the darkened theatre. 

 With a little nudge on her shoulder, Kaz indicated it was time to carry out his orders. Susan was disgusted with his demand that she suck this man's cock but was unable to find a way out. "Get down between his legs and give him a blowjob," Kaz whispered in her ear, which made her jump with fright. It sounded so vulgar and crude and it was something that she had never done or even considered doing in public. 

 She whimpered and looked in Kaz's direction for relieve but knew he would not give it to her. Her slender body shook from the sobbing and she moved reluctantly to comply with his directions. Twisting her body, she moved over one leg and settled down between the man's wide spread thighs. At once she realized her mistake as in this position, she was unable to move in any direction. Her eyes opened wide as just mere inches away, was the biggest cock, which was still being molested by the man's fist. The tip glistened with pre- cum and some even ran down the shaft onto his hand. Susan was mesmerized by the sight and just cowered between his legs without moving. 

 Suddenly the bastard grabbed a hand full of Susan's hair and forced her head forward. He rammed the big head into her lips, which she tried to hold tightly shut. All it took was a firm twist of her hair and she obeyed by opening her mouth. Immediately, he pushed his meat into her waiting cavity and he began fucking right away. He thrust and pumped his cock and Susan sat submissively in front of him, allowing him to use her body to satisfy his perverted needs. 

 The man now knew this couple was for real and he was going to make sure to enjoy the time. His big cock throbbed with desire as the hot mouth consumed the first few inches. There were choking sounds coming from below but he ignored them as his lust soared higher. Moving his cock in and out of Susan's mouth, he felt the impending orgasm rise from his belly. 

 The humiliation was over powering as Susan desperately sucked the weapon and tried to keep from suffocating as he tried to ram it down her throat. He fucked her mouth so violently that she was appalled by his self-serving passion. In her present position, it was impossible to escape his assault and she had never been so degraded in her entire life. Shamefully, she realized that to any observer, it would look like some slut was sucking a big cock like it was the last lollipop in the world. 

 Suddenly she could hear him moan and felt his hips shudder rapidly before his cock erupted. A powerful blast shot down her throat and quickly the burning lava filled her mouth. She choked and tried to cough but he held her head firmly over his demanding manhood. Shot after shot of the hot cum went into her and much of it ran out the corners of her mouth. She tried desperately to swallow so she would not suffocate from his onslaught. Eventually, his thrusts subsided and he held still, enjoying the fact that a sexy woman was sucking his cock. 

 Susan was dizzy from not being able to breath properly and felt a wave of relief wash over her as he withdrew his softening rod. Looking up, she could see Kaz whispering in the man's ear and wondered why. She would not have long to wait for the answer as the man nodded his head in agreement and moved to comply. 

 Both men used their hands to assist Susan up and into the vacant seat between the two. She looked to Kaz for answers but he said nothing. Then the men raised the arms of the chairs to allow for more freedom. Susan watched as the stranger also put up the arms of the two chairs to his right, which left the entire row without restrictive arms on the seats. She just thought, "Why is he doing such a thing as his dream has been fulfilled." 

 The men moved quickly after that and Kaz grabbed Susan by the shoulders and twisted her body in her seat. Susan was bewildered by what was happening and her brief confusion gave them time to shift her body. Kaz forced her upper body to turn away from him, then brought her back into his lap. This twisted her legs to the side and suddenly the man grabbed her two shapely limbs. He placed one leg on either side of his body and leered at her bare skin as it was exposed. Susan blushed as she noticed the lust openly displayed on his face and knew he could see up her shirt as he spread her legs wider. She would have screamed if it weren't for the fact this was an adult movie house and any noise would certainly draw the attention of other perverts. Struggling to resist their advances, Kaz and the stranger used their superior strength to easily control her body. 

 Looking down, she saw that her short skirt had ridden all the way up her thighs and the fact she was not wearing panties would be very evident to this man's evil eyes. Oh why had she complied with Kaz's wishes when he ordered her to wear only a skirt and blouse? She began to cry and hoped that they would feel sympathy for her. 

 The man had never witnessed anything so sexy or erotic in his life as he spied the shaven pussy. The skirt offered no protection as it rode upward and he could make out the puffy, pink lips in the dim light. They glistened with moisture and seemed to summon him. 

 Struggling only aided their cause and now they had her held firmly between their muscular bodies. Kaz leaned down and whispered, "Relax and enjoy it as you will love it when he sucks your wet cunt." Susan could not believe the fire building deep inside, as she found his vulgar words arousing instead of disgusting. 

 The evil bastard spread Susan's legs as wide as possible and raised her hips off the seat. Then his fingers opened her universe, spreading the puffy lips wide to expose the equator. He dove for the sweet honey and his mouth closed over her vulva. Susan felt like someone hit her in the stomach and she almost fainted. Trying desperately to control her breathing, she was intent to withstand the attack and not succumb to the stranger's demands. She was determined to show Kaz and this man that she had enough will power to withstand their assault. 

 He sucked hard on the extended clit and devoured it with his hungry mouth. Susan closed her eyes and strived to maintain composure as the man used his expert skill to overcome the resistance. Susan bit her lip bringing on welcomed pain, which might help her forget what he was doing. Then he closed his teeth on the tender clit and her world suddenly collapsed, causing her tummy to quiver and spasm. All reason and logic seemed to be lost and Susan arched her back with all her might in an attempt to push her crotch higher. The sudden lust was unbearable and she was overwhelmed by the intense passion. 

 The vulture sucked her pussy like it was nectar from an oasis and Susan had never experienced anything like this as she succumbed to the hungry mouth. The lapping sounds could be heard for rows and then he attacked the control button with a fury. He nibbled on the inflamed clitoris and caressed it with his darting tongue. Every time he thrashed the throbbing clit with the tip of his tongue, Susan's hips would thrust and he knew she was enjoying the cunninglingus as much as he was. 

 As hard as she tried to prevent the rising riptide, it built from her deepest regions and suddenly flowed forward. She was embarrassed by the quick onset of the orgasm and was unable to stop it from rushing towards the apex. The juices flowed from her inner sole and he swallowed the womanly succulence with a dire thirst. The orgasm sent violent spasms through her lithe body and it soared upward. She had never experienced such intense ecstasy and she willingly gave herself to a complete stranger right there inside a theater. At that very moment, Susan did not care who was watching or who could see her sordid affair. The lust consumed her mind and turned her into a common slut. 

 The man was in dreamland as Susan's body eventually came to a rest in his callused hands. He had to admit that this was one sexy woman and his buddies would never believe him when he bragged about it over a beer. He felt a nudge from Kaz indicating it was time to go. Reluctantly, he straightened his clothes and exited the theater. 

 Alone again with Kaz, Susan hands were shaking but she managed to get her blouse buttoned once again. Brushing her skirt down to cover herself as best she could, she gave a sign of relieve to be over the nightmare. Kaz put his arm around her shoulders and hugged her to his body. "You cooperated very good Susan and now no one has to know about your naughty deeds," he whispered softly to her. He needed to sit still for a few minutes so his emotions could quiet down before they left the movie. 

 Out of the dark, a young couple slinked into the two seats next to Susan, the girl taking the seat vacated by the stranger. Startled by the intrusion, Susan looked at Kaz for his response. 

 Then the young man leaned forward and whispered loud enough for them to hear. He introduced themselves as Julie and Ron, husband and wife who have been coming to this theater for months. He went on to rant and rave about how erotic the encounter was with the strange man and Kaz's woman. They couldn't help watching the two in the throes of ecstasy and he admitted that his wife was really turned on by the affair. Then he shocked Susan by saying, "We have been looking for another couple to experiment with as my wife wants to try sex with another woman." 

 "We have been talking about the same thing but haven't been able to find a way for it to happen," Kaz told the husband. "That's a coincidence as Susan, my girlfriend hasn't been with a woman either and she wondered what it would be like," he lied and gave Susan a little nudge with his elbow. 

 Susan looked at him in disbelief and franticly tried to reason with him. "I don't think this is the place or time for such a thing," Susan stated with a worried look. There was no way she was going to sit here in a public theater and let another woman touch her. 

 Susan just sat there with her mouth agape and could not believe what was happening. "I just wanted to jump up and join you with that man," Julie whispered directly to Susan. Then she grabbed Susan's hand like an excited teenager and held it tenderly in hers. Susan tried to pull her hand away but Julie held it steady. She just stared at Susan's gorgeous face and thought of her sucking that hard cock just a few minutes ago. 

 She was too far away to see the man's cock but she definitely could tell when it erupted. The animal sounds that Susan made as the man filled her mouth with cum drove Julie into a frenzy and she couldn't keep her fingers out of her panties. She could not remember being this horny in her entire life. 

 Panic filled Susan and she felt Julie become an aggressor. She looked franticly at Kaz for help. "I think it is time for us to leave as I am not feeling too well," she pleaded with him. "Come on honey, it is getting late and we should be going," she begged but could tell by Kaz's reaction that he was enticed by what the couple was saying. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 04 ****** bydawn1958© Julie was way too aroused and excited to act normally and she had absolutely no fear of rejection. She reasoned, what woman would not cooperate after openly fondling a man in a movie theater and then making enough noise to alert everyone in the place when her pussy was eaten. Besides she would have screamed bloody murder when Ron offered his wife as a lover if she wasn't going to stay. Julie felt sure of herself and her mind was filled with the utmost confidence. 

 Ron and Julie had noticed Kaz and Susan enter the theater and Ron mentioned to Julie that Susan looked extremely seductive. They noted that her outfit made her look like she came right from school and they hoped she was over the age of consent. "Maybe you should approach her and see if she is interested in lesbian sex," he whispered to his wife hoping she would take the bait. After all, they had discussed her having sex with another woman for months now but the opportunity never presented itself, well that was until today. At 21, they had been married for two years and neither had any sexual experience, as they had been childhood sweethearts before getting hitched. 

 Julie at just 5 foot tall looked small and almost baby like beside Susan. Kaz looked at the two as they locked eyes and immediately felt his cock twitch. Julie acted so domineering and powerful and yet her body was so much smaller than Susan's who was 5'6". Yes she was tiny and quite slim but glancing at her boobs, it was evident that she was well endowed in that department. Kaz couldn't believe it when Julie moved forward and startled Susan by giving her a peck on the lips. 

 Realizing that Susan was not going to run away, Julie's kiss lingered and she pushed her tongue out to meet the tightly closed lips. Susan desperately held them together, not wanting to kiss this girl. Then Julie pulled back slightly and looked deeply into Susan's eyes as she whispered, "You are so beautiful and I just want to kiss you." Again she moved in and kissed the rosy lips again. This time Kaz put his arm behind Susan's shoulders and pinched her to indicate she was to cooperate. With a little sob, Susan reluctantly opened her lips and immediately Julie tongue darted into her waiting mouth. Her tongue jabbed and twisted with Susan's and soon they were fighting each other for control. 

 Both men watched the petite girl kiss the bigger woman with such passion that the sounds emanated for rows throughout the theater. Julie's brazen attack took Susan by surprise and she fought for ways to prevent her from continuing. Suddenly, Susan could feel a hand move between the two bodies and start unfastening the buttons on her blouse. The hungry mouth covering hers gobbled up her protests and all that was heard were a few moans. Susan struggled to get out of her grasp but suddenly the nibble fingers shot into the opening. Like a cat, Julie pinched a hardened nipple bringing more moans of protest. 

 Everything was happening so fast that Susan's mind was confused. She put her hand up in an attempt to cover her breast but Julie quickly slapped it away. The sudden show of force intimidated Susan and she allowed the much smaller girl to caress her nipple at will. 

 Julie's body was on fire and her tummy was quivering with so much passion she could hardly breathe. She had never felt another woman's tit before and Susan's erect nipple was so different than her own. Her tits were much bigger and they were soft and bouncy with nipples that were half the size of Susan's. The intense lust caused her to pinch harder and roll the bud between her strong fingers, which brought more deep moans of protest. 

 With great sadness, Ron and Kaz noticed the credits indicating the end of the movie had started to roll and the soft music began playing. Susan quickly realized what was happening and felt a heavy weight lifted off her chest, which was making it hard to breath. Then Julie also noticed the credits and reluctantly released the golden treasure and let Susan straighten her blouse. Her nipple was still throbbing from Julie's fingers and Susan crossed her arms trying to quell the fire. 

 Kaz saw the opportunity of a lifetime and immediately went for it. From what this young couple has said, they were looking for a woman so the wife could have a lesbian affair. This was one thing that he had fantasized about for years and this was a perfect opportunity. 

 "Why don't you two come with us and the girls can get to know each other better," he said with a wink to Ron. He agreed right away and Julie nodded her approval as well. Susan sat with a stunned look and panic set in as she realized the dilemma she was in. There was no way she could go with this girl but she also knew that Kaz would demand she come along. 

 The three stood and looked at Susan, as she remained seated. The credits were just about finished and she could not sit there any longer. With a shrug of her shoulders, Susan stood and joined the others. 

 It was quiet as they exited the theater but Julie could hardly walk as her legs were trembling so hard. Watching the tall, slender body of Susan as she walked gave her goose bumps as her mind filled with what it might be like touching a woman. The brief caresses of Susan's tits in the theater had soaked her panties and she wondered what it would be like when a woman touched her tits. She shivered with anticipation and her mind raced ahead. 

 Susan was shocked back to reality once they reached the car as Kaz opened the back door for her. He held it open and told her to get in. Looking franticly at him, she knew he was serious and she slowly did as requested. Kaz had already set it up with Ron and the two men got in the front seats while Julie got in the back with Susan. 

 All of a sudden Susan felt flushed from a closed in feeling and did her best to stay on her side of the seat. Glancing to the right, she could see Julie enter the car and immediately slide over to her side of the car. Trapped, Susan's mind worked hard to find a solution. Then she remembered what the couple had said when they first met and her fear made her slender body shake. 

 When Julie's warm hand settled over Susan's, which was on her lap, she did her best to keep her emotions in check. Then Julie shifted even closer and Susan could feel the intense heat from her body radiating into hers. "Oh what can I do?" she asked herself with the knowledge she was trapped. Kaz was not going to help her escape and this little spitfire sitting next to her seemed determined to make her a slave. 

 Julie, still overly aroused could now feel Susan's body next to hers and she could hardly stop herself from just ripping Susan's clothes off. Years of fantasies gave Julie the knowledge of what to do and she asked herself, "Wasn't this the correct time to carry them out?" She could sense that Susan was submissive and was not strong enough to fight off her advances. 

 The silence was deafening to the two men as they watched their women snuggle in lover's fashion. Julie sort of stroked her pet and did her best to make her feel comfortable. She was planning the next assault and wanted no resistance from Susan to get in the way. 

 Julie put her arm around Susan's neck and stretched up to snuggle into the crock of her neck. Both girls looked forward not seeing the two men staring at them with lustful eyes. This was a mans best dream and they were spellbound waiting for Julie to take control. She maybe small in stature but if the truth were told, she was stronger than any woman twice her size. Being on the wrestling team in high school and lately she went to the gym everyday, her power was deceptive to anyone who didn't know her. This strength added to her immense willpower made her an extremely dangerous foe. 

 Julie sat still and just snuggled which gave Susan an opportunity to relax for the first time since meeting this young couple. After a couple of minutes, Julie moved her head and kissed Susan on the ear. Then she whispered softly, "I need you desperately and I know you feel the same." 

 Susan shook from hearing this and twisted her body to look right at Julie. Since Julie was smaller than her, she looked down on her, which gave her a powerful feeling. She would show this young woman, she thought and brought her hands up between the two bodies, pushing her away slightly. "Please, Julie, I am not like that, so please just leave me alone," she pleaded with her. Then she added, "I could never do anything with another woman." 

 Then it happened so fast that Susan got the shock of her life. In a split second, Julie grabbed her by the wrists and roughly twisted her arms down and to the sides. Then she forced her hands to the rear and Susan just let out a cry of protest from being treated so rough. Suddenly Julie's hungry lips closed on Susan's and the demanding tongue darted outward. 

 Julie was not about to take 'no' for an answer and she twisted Susan's hands behind her back, pulling her upper body into hers. She demanded a response and jerked Susan forward letting her know who was leading the show. Shock, or maybe it was fear but Susan opened her lips and let Julie kiss her. The kiss was surreal and Susan felt overpowered by the small, young girl. Then Julie let go of her left hand but Susan was afraid to move it for fear of reprisal. 

 Susan did not fight what happened next, she sat still and let Julie assault her. Moving her face to whisper in Susan's ear, she began telling her how beautiful she was and how much she desired her body. The compliments flowed and made Susan feel a little better knowing that Julie thought she was a beautiful and sexy woman. "You have such gorgeous breasts and they feel so sexy when my fingers caress the hard nipples," she said and gave a quick nibble to Susan's ear. "When I felt your tits in the theater, I almost came in my panties," Julie confided and Susan closed her eyes in utter embarrassment knowing another woman lusted over her body. 

 Susan decided to take this opportunity to plead for safety and said, "Please don't do this as I am not that kind of girl." This made Julie mad and she used her right hand to rip the silky blouse wide open. With one jerk, she popped all the buttons and her hand slinked into the opening. 

 "You have such small titties but they are so firm, just like a little girls," Julie whispered ever so softly. "When I pinch the nipple like this," she said and rolled the tender tip between her strong fingers. "I can feel your body respond and beg me to pinch them harder," she continued. Susan flinched as her left nipple was quickly turned into a throbbing bud by a woman's fingers. 

 Unsure of herself, Susan allowed the caress to continue. Julie was burning up with desire and her tummy quivered from being so aroused. She felt so powerful and superior yet she was forced to use all her will power to control the rising orgasm within her deepest reaches. She could feel the wetness between her legs and shuddered from the realization that this had never happened with her husband. 

 Julie decided that she had to slow down and regain a measure of control. Reluctantly, she began teasing the erect nipple, circling it with tender caresses but not touching. Then she moved her chest back slightly and did the same to the neglected nip. Lightly she ran the tips of her fingers over the burning flesh, coming dangerously close to touching the buds. Unwittingly, Susan arched her back and tried her utmost to ignore the inflamed nipples. 

 Suddenly, Julie wanted her first taste of another woman's tit and swiftly brushed the edges of the blouse to the sides. Her mouth dropped to an exposed nipple in a show of force, which kept Susan motionless. When her teeth closed on the hard tip, Susan almost screamed from the sudden pain. She rolled her head from side to side in a futile attempt to find a way out and noticed the two men watching intently. 

 She wanted desperately to tell Julie to stop but no words came out of her mouth. Then Julie's fingers sought the neglected nip and pinched it with the same fury as her teeth. Susan bit down on her lower lip so she wouldn't scream out loud and tried with all her might to ignore what Julie was doing to her. 

 It came as a welcomed reprieve when Julie released Susan's nipples that were throbbing madly, ready to explode. Without any hesitation, Julie straightened up and twisted her body to look her directly in the eyes. Susan's world utterly shattered and fell apart when Julie called her Mrs. T., her name used at the college. Horrified by what she heard, her heart stopped beating from fright. "Yes, I know who you are but your secret is safe with me," Julie whispered loud enough for only Susan to hear. 

 Sitting absolutely still and unable to look away, Susan could feel the hot breath caressing her face. The butterflies fluttered inside and she realized this young girl held power over her. Here she was a grown 34 year old woman filled with the knowledge that she would be forced to surrender to a much smaller, younger one. Susan sobbed in defeat and Julie reached to comfort her newfound slave. 

 It was time to demonstrate to Susan who was boss, as Julie knew Susan would be too shocked to resist. Then Julie moved back slightly and quickly opened her shirt, almost ripping all the buttons off, as she was so excited. Braless, her big breasts came into view immediately and Susan's mouth opened wide as she marveled the two womanly globes. She had dreamed many times of having bigger breasts and she was suddenly envious of Julie's. 

 Kaz's cock almost exploded when Julie ripped her top open to expose her big tits. He was awestruck as he watched Julie reach out and grab Susan by the hair. Then she forced Susan's face down to her chest, as she could not wait any longer to feel another woman's mouth. "Mrs. T, please suck my tits as I need you desperately," Julie whispered and Susan understood her order right away. 

 A mere inch in front of her was a pea-sized nipple and it was her duty to put her mouth over it. Reluctantly, she moved in and with open lips, sucked the knob into her mouth. Julie almost jumped off the seat and had to fight to control herself as Susan's mouth somehow felt different. It was much hotter than any other and made her nipple throb madly inside the burning cavity. 

 Obediently, Susan sucked on the tiny bud and although she tried to keep her teeth off it, Julie could feel the sharp ivories graze the tip. Desperately, Julie grabbed Susan's hand and brought it up to the free tit. No order was needed as Susan pinched the hardened nip between her fingers and Julie felt like she was on a roller coaster. Soaring upward, the powerful orgasm roared out of her belly like no other and with such velocity that she was unable to stop it. 

 The two men watched in amazement as Julie went through the throes of an intense orgasm and she bucked out of control in the seat. "Oh gawd, I can't stop. I am creaming my panties," she screamed loudly but no one cared. She had never climaxed so quickly or without someone touching her cunt. Now the violent explosions rocked her little body and it was all Susan could do to hang onto the big tits. Feeling a woman thrust and climax under her control gave her a strange, new feeling. 

 Susan was a little relieved to feel Julie's body slowly start to quiet and the orgasm subside after rolling over the crest. She thought that maybe this ordeal was over and she would be allowed to go home. 

 With the first orgasm over, Julie regained control of her emotions and set out to fulfill the rest of her dream. "I have never touched a woman down there," she whispered and both knew what she was talking about. "You have such a sexy body and I can hardly wait to taste your juices," she said ever so softly. Susan's belly was quivering like a schoolgirl's as she tried not to let Julie's words affect her. 

 Then her fingers traced a path downward and Susan did her best to block out the rising desire. Julie smiled as her fingers caressed the smooth, silky skin and saw Susan's body react to the tender pinch on first one, then the other extended nipple. Susan made one last attempt to escape and brought her hands up to her breasts. Covering the sensitive ends, she was determined to prevent Julie caresses. 

 Julie's body was still filled with lust and she was all out of patience from the intense excitement. Angrily, she slapped Susan's hands away from her chest and quickly grabbed the wrists as she did earlier. With a quick twist, she pushed Susan's hands down and behind her body. Then this little girl took complete control of Susan's sole as she looked directly into her eyes. "I am your master Mrs. T.," she whispered and waited for a few seconds. "You are my slave and now you will tell me where you want me to touch you," she demanded. 

 Susan was at wits end as she had no way out of this dilemma and she realized that she would be turned into a willing slave. If she did not do everything Julie wanted, her life would be destroyed. She began to sob from the realization and her tears ran down her cheeks. This only seemed to inflame Julie even more than she already was and she repeated, "Where?" 

 A few more sobs raked her lithe body and after Julie gave her wrists a jerk, Susan's reply was almost inaudible. Yes, she knew what Julie wanted to hear and she obeyed, "I want you to touch my pussy." Then her body shook with despair as she felt the guilt wash over her entire body. 

 The whole affair was having a drastic affect on Julie and her body was burning with desire. She had never been so close to something she desperately wanted and still not be able to have it. Julie had to taste her first pussy and her mind was totally consumed in ecstasy with anticipation. 

 Julie released the grip on Susan's wrists and put her left arm around her shoulders. Hugging her into her chest, her right hand began to travel once again. Susan opened her eyes wide and watched the fingers trace a path to the tips of her enlarged nipples. 

 Lingering foreplay was now out of the question because Julie's body was so aroused and her fingers continued downward. She felt Susan's stomach muscles flinch wildly from her touch as she drew a path across the flat tummy. Susan sat perfectly still, mesmerized by the tiny fingers moving on her heated flesh. They skillfully moved onward and onto the pleated skirt, then down to pause on her bare kneecap. Julie tenderly caressed the hot flesh for a few seconds before moving to the 'V' between the two knees. Then her fingertips lightly caressed the velvet skin on the inside of Susan's legs and worked upwards a few inches. 

 Susan's breath quickened and she tried to swallow but her mouth was too dry. When Julie's fingers hit the bottom hem of the skirt, they stopped and waited. Then she pushed her hand between the silky thighs and whispered, "I need you to spread your legs for me." 

 Susan did as Julie requested and gave a shrug of defeat as another sob raked her body. She had lost and now realized that she belonged to this young girl. With a moan, she looked to her man for assistance and her eyes pleaded with him. Kaz was so overwhelmed by the erotic sight before him that he was unable or unwilling to give Susan any assistance. 

 Then the fingers pinched the bottom hem between the thumb and forefinger, slowly slipping it up. Susan's breath caught and held as the tiny hand released the skirt, dipped out of sight and approached the promised land. When the tips of Julie's fingers touched Susan's thighs, the electricity shocked her flesh like a taser and she willingly spread her legs wider. Julie could sense the submission and her darting finger swiftly found the wetness. Susan let out a big gasp and it felt like a punch to the stomach. 

 Julie was overtaken by the sudden feel of naked pussy and wondered if hers was as wet. The dam burst deep inside Susan when Julie pinched the delicate clit and pulled it out from the hood that was protecting it. Susan could not stop her hips from pushing forward and her heart rate soared as if she were running a marathon. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 04 ****** bydawn1958© The lust quickly fuelled Julie's mind and she could not wait any longer. Her quick movement shocked Susan out of her trance and she pressed back in the seat in an attempt to get away from what she knew was next. Julie was small and wiry and easily slipped between Susan's legs, spreading them wide. Hurriedly, she brushed the skirt up and out of the way so she came face to face with utopia. The sight of another woman's shaved cunt was earth shattering and she informed everyone else of the beautiful sight. "Ron, she has shaved her pussy and the lips look so wet and puffy," she said which brought an instant moan from her husband. "I have my fingers on her clitoris and her hips rock every time I pinch it," Julie added and kept up the punishment. 

 No, this can't be happening, Susan thought, as she would not have imagined this in her wildest dreams. Feeling the guilt of not resisting, she held her arms to the sides according to her master's wishes. Julie had never seen another pussy up close, only in a girl's shower room and there it was hard to tell what one really looked like. All that Julie could think was that she could hardly wait to get home so she too could shave her pussy. The hairless lips and surrounding area looked so erotic that she forgot where she was. 

 Without further hesitation, Julie dove for the puffy lips and was rewarded by the sweet nectar. The taste was like a drug to her mind and it immediately overpowered her so she started lapping for more honey. Susan was determined not to succumb to the perverted lust as it was against all she believed. 

 Her breathing was short and rapid and suddenly she began to panic. She knew that two more whips of Julie's devilish tongue and her womanly juices would flow. Susan's hips trashed out of control across the padded seat and she pushed her love box at the intruder. Nobody had ever licked her like this and shown so much vigor by thrusting a skinny finger into the wet channel at the same time. Then Julie held her palm up and curled her finger upwards to stroke the most sensitive G-spot. The detonated discharge shook Susan's body to the core and Julie ate her like a little girl in a candy store. The smell of sex filled the car and even the men became overly aroused by the lesbian love. 

 Julie wondered if her own cunt tasted this good and if she would react like Susan. She sucked and swallowed the succulence with feverish ecstasy and felt extremely powerful from the reactions of Susan's body. The final burst came when Julie thrust a finger into Susan's other hole and the resulting scream was evidence of the violent explosion. The orgasm rocketed over the top and Susan could not remember creaming quite like this. 

 The ordeal had Julie in a state of frustration and she did not care that her husband was watching her with another woman. All she needed right now was Susan's lips on her flesh and she was in a hurry for it to happen. As the last spasms quieted in Susan's body, Julie released the swollen clit from her teeth and Susan let out a big gasp of air. 

 Julie was breathing a mile a minute and couldn't get her clothes removed fast enough. Once naked, she moved in to kiss Susan right on the lips. The scent drifted upward and both girls could smell the raw sex. Susan became a little dizzy knowing that it was her cunt that she tasted and she willingly let Julie's tongue search her mouth. 

 Suddenly, Julie grabbed a handful of hair and guided Susan's head down to her exposed tits. Having already kissed the pea sized nipples, she did it once again and felt them harden right away. Knowing that a woman would want both nipples caressed, Susan felt Julie's body rock as she sucked the one into her hot mouth and pinched the other hard pea with her fingers. It seemed that the harder Susan nibbled and pinched the nips, the tighter Julie pulled her into her body. Loud moans of ecstasy came from Julie and Susan was amazed to feel Julie's body trash back and forth on the seat. 

 Then she pushed Susan's head downward and Susan suddenly knew what Julie expected of her. Julie held her face over the small, trimmed patch of hair and the odor was unmistakable. Obediently, Susan kissed and licked the area and Julie's hips thrust with each peck. Ron had never seen his wife so aroused and he focused on her face contorted by lust. 

 Julie screamed and begged Susan to lick her cunt, as the years of fantasizing about a woman fucking her was about to come true. Her legs spread as wide as possible and roughly she pulled Susan into her crotch. The hot, silky flesh felt remarkable under Susan's hands and she had to dig her fingers into Julie's hips just to hold on. Julie was burning up with desire and in desperate need of fulfillment. 

 Seeing the very tip of Julie's clit, Susan touched it with her tongue and a jolt of electricity shocked both girls. The orgasm was immediate and the taste of another woman's juices numbed Susan's mind. Suddenly she pushed her mouth into the wetness and sucked the swollen bud into her mouth. She didn't know what made her do it, but she started rolling the tender clitoris around with her tongue. 

 Julie had never felt anything like it and she gave her body to her slave. For the first time in her life, she lost complete control and willingly succumbed to the intense passion. She now knew what love was and the years of waiting were swallowed up in just a few minutes. Yes, she was a lesbian and every nerve in her body felt the tingling as the climax roared over the top. 

 Susan felt the satisfaction of bringing Julie to an explosive climax and every time she licked the throbbing clit, Julie's hips would thrust wildly. The passion consumed both girls and Kaz and Ron watched the love making in complete silence. Fantasizing about seeing two women in the throes of ecstasy was nothing compared to the real thing and Ron was actually jealous seeing his wife succumb to lesbian ecstasy. 

 Both men had hardons, which were ready to burst, and the quicker they could get their woman alone, the better. As the tide receded, the two sweaty bodies slowly came to a standstill. Susan gave the love channel one last lick and as she did, Julie gave a loud gasp when the darting tongue passed over the tender nerve center. 

 Ron quickly gathered Julie's discarded clothes and passed them to her with instructions to get dressed. He wanted to go right away and get her alone so he could satisfy is pent up desires. Kaz was not about to argue, as his plan was to jump into the back seat and ravish Susan's body. 

 THE END OF CHAPTER FOUR - A NIGHT AT THE MOVIES 

 Please send any comments or suggestions to me, as I do like hearing from readers. I am fairly new at erotic writing and your suggestions help. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© Please email me with your comments or suggestions as I appreciate readers when they take the time to email. This was written for a special person and I hope these fantasies excite and satisfy her. 

 Susan's Request - A Teacher's Rendezvous 

 Susan was a teacher at Randall College and was highly respected by the faculty because of her professional manner. One simple mistake awhile back and now she was being controlled by one of her students. Kaz was a 22-year-old exchange student from Russia who used an erotic phone sex conversation to blackmail Susan into being his slave. Although married, Susan managed to keep her covert affair relatively secret from her husband until now. He sensed something was wrong at work and it was bothering her so he attempted to find out if he could help. 

 Always a loving and devoted husband, Jay was concerned for Susan and asked, "Honey, I have noticed you acting strange lately, is there anything I can help you with?" The whole affair with Kaz was bothering her more and more as time went on and she decided it was time to come clean. 

 Unable to look at Jay, Susan began, "Actually, I am being pestered by this student at the school who keeps saying sexy things to me." She wanted to tell Jay the whole story but didn't quite know how to do it. "He keeps asking me out even though I tell him no, that I am married," she said and continued with, "He won't take no for an answer." It was all she could do to reveal this much and couldn't find enough courage to tell Jay any additional lucid details. She would leave it at that and try to build up enough nerve later to tell him more. 

 Jay's heart beat a little faster as he had been having fantasies lately and they involved Susan having sex with another man. He realized that a lot of men wanted their wives to have sex with other men but most didn't follow through with their dreams. He seized the opportunity and decided to go for it. 

 "You know dear, I have been wanting to see you have sex with someone else and I know you aren't in favor of it," he said. "I know its crazy but I get a hardon whenever I think of you naked with another man," he confessed. 

 This new bold move of Jay's caught Susan off guard and she didn't know if she should continue with her confession about Kaz. "I know we have talked about it before and you don't like the idea. We don't have to go all the way with anyone, just flirt and fool around a bit," Jay added. With that he hugged her close and she could feel his tenderness. 

 Her mind worked feverish to find a way to tell Jay further details of her sordid affair with Kaz and also the one with the couple Ron and Julie. Then Ivan and Vanya flashed into her memory and she just couldn't explain all the others as well as Kaz so she remained silent. Later she would confess more to Jay but right now, he knew enough to put his male hormones to work thinking of ways to convince his wife to have an extra marital affair. 

 "Think about what I said Susan as I get very horny thinking about you with another man." Jay whispered softly to her, as they were getting ready for bed. The following hour of lovemaking was the hottest and most lustful in recent years for the two and Susan had to admit that her husband was extremely aroused. 

 It had been a torrid night and morning came way too early for the pair. Jay watched his attractive wife get ready for work and marveled at her sexy body. At 5'6" and with the two most beautifully shaped breasts, all his buddies envied him. In a bikini, she drew stares from all men who still had virility in their loins as she didn't have an ounce of fat. Yes, he thought to himself as he watched her don her clothes, he was going to work on getting her to accept his devilish plan. 

 Susan was very relieved to have confessed some of what she had done and was determined to try her utmost to regain control over what Kaz was doing to her. If only she hadn't shown weakness when the phone calls started and had not used all that sex talk with Kaz, she wouldn't be in this mess. With a determined shrug, she kissed Jay and both left for work. 

 Kaz had been thinking heavily for a few days and he finally came up with his next plan for Susan. He wanted her to seduce a young girl from a freshmen or sophomore class and entice her over to his place. The thought of forcing Susan to actually touch and caress another woman's body was turning Kaz into a quivering hulk. 

 He also planned to have Ron and Julie join them as well as his two compatriots, Ivan and Vanya. Getting Ron and Julie there was no problem as both wanted more action with Susan and even though Julie was lusting for another round with Susan, Ron was determined to have his turn. Watching his wife seduce Susan in the car had given Ron the mother of all hardons and he had to admit, he had a burning desire to fuck Susan. 

 Once Ivan and Vanya heard that there would be three women involved, they were more than willing to join in the fun. The memory of that afternoon with Kaz's sexy teacher was still vivid in their minds and it had been the best time of their young lives. 

 This was a very devious plan, which was formed with the assistance of Julie who was also a mastermind when it came to arranging things such as this. During their scheming, Julie had informed Kaz about the sexual exploits of one of the freshmen at the college by the name of Sandy Fulton. Sandy was a full fledge lesbian and in fact, Julie had a short affair with her last semester and was still on good terms with her. She informed Kaz that this girl was probably the hottest chick in the school and the only reason she cooled the affair was the fact Sandy was far too controlling. Julie chuckled with the knowledge Kaz knew she could not stand being controlled by another individual. Julie was the ultimate planner and master who got her thrills by turning others into her slaves. 

 "Yeah, I can imagine what that did to you when she tried to put you under her spell," Kaz said. "It sounds like Sandy would be a good match for our little, submissive Susan and it would be fun to watch her turn Susan into a little, bad girl," Kaz continued with greater excitement as he fantasized of all the possibilities. Julie's plan for having this Sandy ravish Susan's sexy body rather than his original plan was far better. 

 After a long, exciting evening making all the arrangements, both Julie and Kaz were extremely aroused with the visions of watching the innocent teacher get seduced by one of her young female students. 

 Julie was actually a little jealous at first when Kaz mentioned getting another girl to join in the fun, but quickly accepted it once she saw the erotic possibilities for her and husband Ron. They could all watch the two women going at it and afterwards, Susan and Sandy would be turned into fuck toys by all the men. A shiver ran through Julie as she thought of the guys forcing Sandy to succumb to their lustful demands. They would be in for a real dogfight with Sandy, as she would not give up her body easily. 

 Julie would certainly join in and she relished having raw sex with one of Kaz's friends, as both were hunks or even one of the girls for that matter. Once she was aroused it didn't matter to her which gender she had sex with, as she was bi-sexual and loved sex in any way, shape or form. 

 As the day passed, Susan became more and more apprehensive as she expected to receive another note. Sure enough, during the break between classes, Kaz passed her door and noticed she was at her desk so he paused. Seeing him standing at her door, Susan felt like a little girl who was about to be scolded as she went to meet him. Trying her best to be strong and meet his stare, she approached his stocky, masculine body. He smiled and gave the usual, friendly greeting while deftly passing a small note into her dainty hand. Then he scurried off to his next class and Susan returned to her desk to read the dreaded note. 

 "I want you to ask Sandy Fulton to join you for a little party and you can bring her to my apartment," Kaz instructed her. It was a horrible demand and it filled Susan with fear as she pondered her fate. This was too demeaning to even consider and she had to plead with Kaz to reconsider. But how, she wondered, as there was no way to see him without being obvious. 

 Then she looked back to the note and read the last couple lines. "You are in way too deep so don't bother asking me to change my mind. Just get Sandy to my apartment tomorrow afternoon at 4 and don't be late," it read and Susan shook with the realization she was a slave to Kaz's wishes. 

 How in the world was she going to ask Sandy Fulton to join her? Surely she would refuse and why wouldn't she? The thought of going to Kaz's place with another girl seemed unreal and unnatural. 

 Although Susan had taught Sandy for one semester, she didn't know her all that well and certainly wasn't friends with her. Thinking of Sandy, she had to admit that Kaz did have good taste, as she was a truly beautiful girl. At 5'10" she was what most called an Amazon model, as her body was one of perfection and all the guys drooled over her. She didn't have a steady boyfriend that Susan knew of but she was one of the most popular girls in the class. No, she thought, she just couldn't follow through with this request, as it would be too humiliating. 

 Sandy was in the second afternoon class and she said a pleasant 'hi' to Susan as she passed the desk on the way into class. Susan scolded herself for blushing when this happened, as nobody knew of her turmoil. Watching Sandy as she went to her seat, Susan was impressed by her girlish beauty. No wonder Kaz wanted her to join them but in true naïve fashion, she believed Kaz wanted her for himself. 

 Franticly, Susan thought of ways to setup and handle the rendezvous. Kaz had mentioned to her during the break that Ron and Julie would be present as well and she reasoned that the three wanted to ravish Sandy's perfect body in the way they had done to Susan's the other night. 

 They could satisfy their perverted needs with each other and just leave her alone, Susan kept thinking. Then she wouldn't have to partake in the lustrous affair. Yes, she would show up with Sandy and sort of sacrifice her to the demons so they could prey on the young, student's body. After all, Susan reasoned that Kaz and Ron wouldn't need her if the other two women were present. 

 As luck would have it, Sandy paused at Susan's desk following the class, which was the perfect opportunity to talk. In an almost whisper, Susan asked, "Sandy, would you like to join me tomorrow afternoon for a drink?" She must be beat red she thought, as the embarrassment was making her feel lightheaded. Oh no, she thought as that sounded like she was asking her out on a date. Then she panicked and tried to make up an excuse for the meeting. 

 "One of the Russian exchange students, Kaz, is having a few people over so he can learn about us Americans," she said and had to look away from Sandy's powerful, brown eyes. 'Oh what does she think of me' worried Susan as she waited for her answer. 

 Sandy looked at her lovely teacher who she held with the highest esteem. Her heart beat faster as the words registered and she realized that her idol was asking her out. Okay, so it was an afternoon get together with other people but it was still going out with the teacher she adored. 

 Sandy had longed for an opportunity to be with Susan and for months now, she yearned to get close to her sexy, womanly body. She found the professional appearance that Susan always displayed while at the college to be extremely seductive and it inflamed her mind. Although the conservative dress hid her rich endowments, Sandy could tell that the hidden treasures were abundant. Even when kissing her current lover, she would fantasize that it was Susan who she was actually with. 

 Then her heart skipped a beat as she wondered if in fact Susan was a lesbian. Trying to convince herself, she reasoned that her affairs with other girls was common knowledge in the college so Susan must want to experience them as well. "Why else would she ask her?" she asked herself. Yes, Susan was a married woman but it was still possible, she reasoned which made her feel so much better. It was funny how a person would cling to the slightest hope in an attempt to pacify their mind. 

 In a soft quiet voice, she eagerly replied, "Yes, I would love to." Then she asked, "What time should I meet you and where?" Looking at Susan's beautiful face, she wondered if she was too eager with the reply? 

 "You can come with me after the last class, about three, we can meet right here," Susan told her. Then a big feeling of relief washed over her as the dreaded deed was done. Her heart did a flip-flop as she watched Sandy leave the room and she gave a little shudder from seeing the gorgeous ass highlighted by the tightest blue jeans. She thought it odd to be thinking like that and bewildered by the fact she looked at another woman in a sexual way. 

 The break over, she got totally involved in the next class, which took her mind off the upcoming dilemma until the final bell sounded. Then the vulnerable feelings hit again and Susan felt totally helpless against such a strong person as Kaz. The incriminating evidence he held only added to his strength and she worried all the way home about what was expected of her tomorrow afternoon. 

 During supper, Jay could tell Susan was bothered by something and decided to press the issue. "You look a little worried dear?" he asked in a tone, which told her that he was there for her. "Whatever it is, I am sure I can help," he reassured her and reached out to hold her hand in his. 

 Susan fretted all evening about the upcoming rendezvous and now she didn't know how to tell Jay without upsetting him. The guilt and shame of it all filled her mind and being unfaithful was the last thing she ever intended. How on earth would she ever explain that an exchange student was blackmailing her? He had forced her to have sex with him and his friends already and now had further plans to humiliate her. 

 How would she explain that she had deliberately planned a rendezvous with a young female student over at Kaz's apartment? He would surely be upset that she delivered an innocent young girl into the den of sexual deviates. If Susan only knew what she was getting into, she would surely have stopped the madness by now. 

 "You know that boy I was telling you about?" she asked Jay and was afraid to look at him. "Well, he wants me to bring a girl from one of my classes to his place so he can have sex with her," she blurted out with a shaky voice. Well it was sort of true and as she looked up into his trusting eyes, she just knew that she would not be able to outright lie to him. 

 Jay was instantly aroused and enthusiastic about what she had just confessed to him and knew this was a perfect opportunity to get Susan to be with another man. So maybe he couldn't be there to witness it but she could fill him in with all the details after she got home. Trying to sound hesitant and not too eager, he asked, "Who is this girl and how are you suppose to get her to his place?" Since he was blinded by the lust he felt for his fantasy, Jay would believe anything she told him. 

 "I am suppose to tell her that he wants to meet different American girls and get to know what they are like," she told him. "He wants me to bring her over to his place at 4 o'clock tomorrow afternoon but I really don't think I should do that," Susan said. It wasn't a complete lie and that made her feel slightly better. 

 "So who is she and what does she look like?" Jay asked and waited on the edge of his seat. Susan tried to describe Sandy as best she could. "Her name is Sandy Fulton and she is a freshman in one of my physics classes," she said. "She is quite tall, probably about 5'10" with long, blonde hair. All the boys ogle her gorgeous figure and she has big breasts and real shapely hips. In fact most the guys call her an Amazon model as she is such a very beautiful girl," Susan said and couldn't believe how graphic she was in describing another woman. 

 Jay couldn't be happier as this Sandy sounded like a stunning girl who any man would want to fuck. Having his wife watch this girl get screwed by some young student, then hearing all about it was certain to cause a blown circuit in his brain. 

 "I think you should do it honey," Jay told her and kept telling her how she shouldn't worry about it, as in all probability nothing too serious would happen. "They will probably just get to know each other and you will be doing them a real favor," he grasped for things to say that would reassure her. Then he hit her with a bombshell when he asked, "Do you think he will want to have sex with you?" 

 Susan didn't know what to say so she was silent for a few seconds. "I can tell by his hints and the things he says that he would if I let him," she confessed to Jay and shifted her eyes from his with shame. 

 His cock was throbbing and he couldn't hold his hips still as what she said fuelled his mind. "I want you to go and if he asks you to have sex with him, I want you to do it," he eagerly told her. "This is the perfect opportunity to do something like this and I don't mind not being there to watch," he said. "All I want you to promise is to give me all the sordid details once you get home," he asked as he held her hands tenderly in his. "Just promise to tell me everything and I will promise to not hold anything against you," he continued in an all out effort to convince his wife to be unfaithful. 

 Jay leaned forward and kissed Susan making her realize the affection he felt for her. "I really don't know if I can do it," she lied again but he kept insisting which alleviated some of the anguish in her mind. Then she said with as much reluctance as she could muster, "Okay, I will try." 

 "But what if he does want to have sex with me?" she asked as she just couldn't believe Jay was allowing it to happen. "I am a little afraid to go to his apartment after he has said so many erotic things to me," Susan said. 

 "Has he ever said that he wanted to fuck you?" Jay asked with added excitement. He was looking directly into her eyes and she knew that a lie would not work here. "Yes, he has said those vulgar words to me many times but I have tried to ignore them," she said and the truth gave her a welcomed feeling. 

 "Well just go to his place and let things happen. If he tries to get into your pants, please let him and just confide in me when you get home," Jay told her, hoping that she would cooperate. Susan could only think about how the meeting was already set up and that she would most likely be faced with a sexual encounter of some sort. 

 For the second night in a row, the couple had mad, passionate sex, which lasted into the early hours. Jay was overly worked up and aroused from what had transpired earlier and Susan felt very relieved that things seemed to be working out for the better. 

 They both fell into the normal routine in the morning and just before they each went their separate ways to work, Jay spoke. "If you aren't home after work, I'll know you went to his place. Don't worry about how late you get home as I'll be okay with it," Jay did his best to reassure her once again. "Please, just have a good time and I'll be waiting to hear all about it when you get home," he said and it did make her feel good. 

 Susan drove to work with a peaceful feeling from what Jay had told her but she still had uncertainty about the afternoon get-together. Something just didn't seem right about asking Sandy to join her at Kaz's as Sandy had accepted her invitation real fast. Sandy didn't seem to even know Kaz so why would she volunteer to go with her to his place? It troubled her until she reached the college but was soon forgotten once classes started. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© The day went smoothly and before she realized it, it was the last class of the day. Sandy had been in her previous class and she had stopped for some fresh, light chatting during the break after her class. She seemed like a real pleasant, friendly girl and Susan did feel like she could trust her. 

 Unknown to Susan, Sandy was just setting the stage for future developments as she dreamed of being intimate with her lovely teacher. Sandy had masturbated so many times last night that she was afraid she wouldn't have anything left for this afternoon. Seeing her teacher in class eliminated that fear as her loins felt overpowering lust surge threw them. Susan's sexy body renewed the flames of desire in Sandy once again and her heart and breathing quickened during the short time they were together. She had a hard time holding her tongue still as she could feel it thrusting and plunging into Susan's hot, steamy pussy. 

 The phone call last night had filled Sandy in on what was going to happen this afternoon. She was grateful for Julie telling her that Susan was truly in love with her and wanted desperately to taste lesbian sex for the first time. Julie said that Susan was very shy and hesitant but not to worry about any resistance she demonstrated. 'Heck', Julie thought. A little fib never hurt anyone and she would thoroughly enjoy watching two sexy women in lesbian lust. 

 Sandy was only too happy to oblige and the anticipation of having Susan for a lover was driving her mind crazy. She had reassured Julie that she didn't mind if her and her husband, along with the other three guys watched the action. 

 With a laugh and cheerful voice, she told Julie that she loved to perform for an audience. There was nothing in the world that made her happier than to fuck an innocent lesbian virgin. To illustrate to Susan the rewards of woman on woman lust was going to be most gratifying and like a drug for her mind. She told Julie that Susan would be a willing lesbo slut after she was done licking her cunt. 

 Julie had no doubts about what she heard as it took all her willpower to stay out of this woman's clutches. The love triangle a couple of months ago was truly enjoyable and certainly one that fulfilled Ron's lifelong fantasy of watching two women make love. 

 Julie shivered with the thought that one or two more love sessions with Sandy and she too would have been made her lesbian worshiper. As it was, it was like kicking the cigarette habit, as every now and then she would get a craving for Sandy's expert mouth. Then she remembered the strap-on and how Sandy had used it to turn her into a submissive, love slave the few weeks they were together. 

 After the phone call with Sandy, Julie had rushed into the living room and told the guys exactly what had transpired. She was so enthusiastic that she had trouble sitting still and told them that Sandy was more than willing to put on a show. Julie told them that she knew from first hand evidence that Sandy would force Susan to worship her body. Ron collaborated what Julie said as he had witnessed all the erotic details of his wives' affair with Sandy. "When you see this Amazon lick pussy, you won't stop shooting cum until you pass out," he told the captivated group. 

 The group worked each other up to a frenzy with dirty, erotic talk the rest of the evening and by the time everyone went home, they had made plans for today's tryst. 

 Susan's heart began to beat a little faster as the time got closer to 3 o'clock. There were a few giggles when the final bell sounded and she almost jumped out of her skin. Feeling embarrassed, she must have turned every shade of red possible. 

 She fumbled with her books and lessons and just managed to get them put away when Sandy came to the door. Looking up and seeing her stand in the doorway made Susan feel tiny and insignificant, as she was such a tall woman. She smiled and motioned for Susan to come with her, as it was time to go. Susan had to look away from her eyes as they made her feel overpowered when she stared into them. 

 Moving towards where she was standing, Susan felt like a little schoolgirl as she joined her young student and timidly followed Sandy when she turned to leave. Watching her from behind gave her goose bumps as Sandy truly had the perfect body. So tall and yet her breasts and hips were the right size to be attractive to almost anyone. After a few seconds, Susan had to divert her eyes from the rounded butt as it swayed when she walked. Susan actually felt jealous as she didn't think her ass was nearly so well formed or shapely. 

 They would take Susan's car as it was more convenient and neither said a word until they were in the car. Then Sandy remarked to Susan on how beautiful she looked and that her suit made her look remarkably sexy. Nobody had ever told her she looked sexy in her conservative dress and Susan blushed when she heard it. 

 She quickly changed the subject and asked Sandy where she was from. Then they talked about the high school she had attended and things that happened during her first semester. The small talk passed the time until they arrived at Kaz's and all got quiet once Susan parked the car. 

 They got out of the car and suddenly Sandy got very confident and sure of herself. Like a husband, she went around the car and took Susan by the arm and they headed to the house. Susan was taken back by the bold move but after an initial attempt to remove her elbow from Sandy's grip, she allowed the girl to escort her to the door. Like long, time lovers, they entered the building and went to Kaz's apartment, which was on the two upper levels of the complex. Kaz greeted them and ushered them into the living room. 

 Susan was startled by the brightly lit den area and wondered why lights flooded the vicinity of the sofa. There were no other lights in the place other than the spotlights and shadows were cast everywhere else. Unknown to Susan, Sandy already knew the script and they were the night's entertainment, thus the lighted stage. 

 Susan felt Sandy's urgency as she guided her to the highlighted couch and she looked franticly around in an attempt to find help. In the shadows, she noticed Ron and Julie on the second level landing and Ivan and Vanya sitting in the higher level's dining area. Desperately she looked for Kaz but he was hidden in the deep shadows. 

 Sandy ushered her slave into the dungeon and with a show of superior strength, forced Susan into the plush sofa cushions. Looking up to see Sandy standing over her, Susan felt so tiny compared to the much bigger woman. The powerful lights accented her body and Susan became aware of utter hopelessness. 

 Suddenly, Sandy forced her knees between the closed thighs of Susan and spread her legs wide. Then she kneeled down and in one swift motion, grabbed the front of Susan's blouse and ripped it open. This abrupt show of force took Susan by surprise and illustrated the futility of any struggle. 

 She cringed as deep as possible in the soft padding but there was no escape from this masterful young freshman. When Susan tried to put her arms up to guard her treasures, Sandy roughly slapped them to the sides. Then she pinched the flimsy bra between her strong fingers and tore it away from her chest in one swift jerk. Again Susan tried to raise her arms to hide her breasts but her hands were slapped hard to demonstrate Sandy's control. 

 Susan began to sob and pleaded with her student to not do this. "No, please don't do this," she begged but sat absolutely docile. Sandy ignored her pleas and in a hasty movement, removed Susan's blouse and bra completely to leave her tits exposed to the world. Hungrily, Sandy eyed the small, beautiful breasts and wanted nothing more than to suck them deeply into her hot mouth. That would come later, now she must humiliate and gain full control of her love slave. 

 Suddenly, Sandy spread her legs and put her knees around Susan's hips, sitting over the frightened teacher's lap. Then she reached for Susan's face and tilted it so she could look directly into her dark, blue eyes. Holding her stare like a magnet, Sandy slowly and seductively, removed her clothing. All breathing came to a screeching halt as everyone watched the gorgeous woman strip for her slave. Their eyes locked on each other and Susan's breathing quickened as Sandy's eyes spoke to her. She remained perfectly motionless and allowed the seduction to continue to the delight of all the others. 

 When Sandy's big, gorgeous tits came into view, all the guys saw the flawless globes with their long, dark nipples already hardened by lust. Sandy began whispering to Susan and nobody else could hear but it was obvious her words had a drastic affect on the timid woman in front of her. 

 "I am going to take my clothes off and show you how much I want your body," Sandy said softly. "I want you to suck my tits and lick my nipples with your hot mouth," she said and Susan became afraid. Sandy was determined to explain everything to her new lover so she knew what to do. This sort of thing gave her immense happiness and she loved nothing more than to seduce an innocent woman. When it was someone who she adored and cherished, it made the joy even more pleasurable. 

 The bright lights made it feel like an intense interrogation and Susan's temperature rose to a feverish level. "Now I am going to take my pants off and my panties so you can see my shaved cunt," she whispered. "When I get all my clothes off, you are going to make love to me and make me climax on your face," she told the bewildered teacher and proceeded to strip. 

 When Sandy lifted off her to disrobe, Susan sat where she was and waited. She was unable to resist the temptation and her eyes opened wide to feast on the beautiful breasts. Seeing the two erotic tits for the first time made her heart skip a beat. Her eyes lingered on the pronounced buds and she wondered what they felt like. 'Did they feel like her own?' Then a shiver ran through her body as she realized what she was thinking. 

 Shaved cunt! The words shocked her as she came to understand what Sandy had told her. With guilt, and much shame, her eyes drifted lower and the sight caused her body to shudder. The daring woman suddenly sat back down in Susan's lap. The upper portion of the puffy, pussy lips were exposed right before Susan's eyes as Sandy stretched her knees around the shapely hips once again. Susan's glare held much longer than she intended but for some mysterious reason, she couldn't rip her eyes away from the wetness. 

 Sandy could see Susan's face was troubled by the dilemma facing her but she knew her experience would eliminate any of the teacher's fears. Suddenly, Sandy stood up directly in front of Susan and whispered, "Get up and take off the rest of your clothes!" The order shocked Susan but more puzzling was that she got up immediately. With shaking fingers, she removed her clothes as requested and then Sandy pushed her back into the plush sofa. Now both girls were completely naked and everyone's eyes darted from one golden jewel to the other. 

 Susan was very confused and bewildered by this time while Sandy was getting more aroused and more confident by the minute. She knew the others would be overcome from watching the upcoming drama and she was determined to give an Oscar performance. 

 Sandy knew that talking would heighten Susan's enjoyment so she continued as she sat back down in the tender lap. "I am going to make you fuck me and eat my boiling, lesbian cunt. First I need you to suck my tits as they are throbbing for your lesbian mouth. I need your lips on my nipples and I want to feel your pussy fuck when I stick my finger in it," she said with her mouth only inches from her face. The dirty words were an ideal remedy for Susan's quandary and with one fast pull, Sandy forced the open mouth to her big tit. 

 Slurping sounds filled the rooms, as the slave was required to suck. Sandy's hands were full with Susan's hair and she bobbed the hesitant head from nip to nip. The only time Susan had done such a thing was with Julie and the memory had long since faded. Feeling the long, hard nipples under her tongue, it was a natural thing to caress the hardened bud. Her instincts told her to lick and nibble with her teeth and she cooperated in precise fashion. 

 This episode was turning out better than Sandy expected and she felt the familiar rumbling deep inside. She was normally a woman who could control all her emotions but tonight was different as the flames of desire rose much faster than ever before. Whenever she looked at her adorable teacher, her stomach twisted and churned with lust. Suddenly, Susan's burning mouth sucked the tender bud deep into her mouth and her teeth bit down hard. It took Sandy by surprise and it was her turn to moan loudly as the spasms shot through her naked loins. 

 "I love you Susan," she whispered so only Susan could hear. "I need you badly and you are making my body burn with lust when you suck my hard nipples," she said but all that was obvious. "I am going to become your master Susan and I am going to make you beg me to fuck you," she told the scared woman which made Susan pause for a few seconds. "Julie told me that you were a lesbian and you wanted me to make love to you," she said and suddenly Susan knew she had been betrayed. "How could Julie say such a lie?" she wondered but Sandy didn't give her time to reflect. 

 "Open your legs Susan, so I can feel your wet pussy!" she ordered. Susan felt the immediate shame as she slowly spread her thighs to give this woman ultimate satisfaction. Feeling the muscular thighs move apart as she lifted her body slightly, Sandy's hand swooped into the crevice. The demanding fingers closed over the puffy vulva and Susan thought she was hooked up to an electric fence. Her hips thrust and pulsed much against her will and the young student took over. 

 "Spread your legs wider, wider as I want to feel your cunt get wetter when I fuck you with my fingers," came the next demand. Softly she whispered, "Wider, wider," and Susan obeyed with a tiny whimper. The first bombshells exploded inside her womanly region and Susan waited in feverish anticipation to be taken. 

 "What do you want me to do to your body Susan?" Sandy asked, as she wanted to see the humiliation cover her teacher's face. "Tell me how much you want me to fuck you and what you need me to do!" came the orders. 

 The bright lights and the desert heat went unnoticed by the girls at this stage and the scenes rolled onward. Susan could sense the helplessness of her situation but in one last valiant effort, tried to escape the clutches of her master. Master, yes she considered Sandy her master, her controller and she was almost willing to do whatever she asked. 

 "Please Sandy, please don't make me do it. Don't make me beg," she pleaded with the girl. She wanted to add, "You know I want you to make love to me, don't make me beg with humiliation." Then the shameful thought came to her mind, "Can't you feel my pussy get soaked when you do that?" 

 "Susan, I need to hear you say it," Sandy repeated, twisting the little, delicate clit and all was lost. 

 "Please, please," Susan started with the intent of saying no, but she continued with, "Fuck me with your finger. Squeeze my clitoris with you fingers and make my cunt wetter." Once she succumbed to the powerful ecstasy, the words came easier and faster. 

 "Fuck me, fuck me please," she begged as her hips thrust madly in the soft cushions. "Oh, that feels so good," Susan explained. "It feels so good when you twist my clit in your fingers," and Sandy pulled the enlarged bud out from it's hood. Then she rolled the unprotected clit briskly while her long finger stoked the most sensitive G-spot just inside the steamy pussy. Suddenly, Sandy felt tremendous power over her older teacher as the spasms rocketed through Susan's deepest regions and she heard her softly whisper her name. 

 Sandy could feel that Susan was very close to the Promised Land but she didn't want her to climax just yet. She wanted her to remain on top of the crest for a long time so Sandy relaxed the caress on the tender clitoris. She thrust her middle finger deep into the fiery pit and held perfectly still until Susan's breathing slowed. 

 Suddenly, Sandy hugged the sweaty teacher and rolled both bodies onto the thick carpet. This brought sighs of erotic passion as the others intently watched the embrace, not wanting to miss a thing. The bigger girl rolled onto her back and easily held the slender, sexy body above her own, which made the two set of tits become one. 

 Sandy forced her right thigh between those of Susan and bent her leg, bringing her knee upwards so as to caress the wetness. Feeling the silky flesh press against her throbbing pussy, Susan opened her legs wide to allow Sandy to embrace her waiting slit with her leg. The vulgar display made Susan feel guilty but only inflamed the minds of everyone else. Like a mad woman, she pumped her hips up and down the motionless leg trying to satisfy her desperate needs. 

 Normally the strong and resolved person, Sandy decided to give Susan a chance to regain a measure of self-control so she released her grip on her vital regions. Sandy felt small twinges rock her loins but didn't realize how turned on she really was. Performing under the bright lights and in front of many strangers, gave her a mysterious thrill, which was robbing her stamina. 

 "Suck my tits," Sandy ordered the smaller woman and felt the demanding mouth suck a hard bud into her mouth. Without being told, Susan nibbled on the inflamed nipple, which brought a squeal from her master. Then she reached for the neglected bud and pinched it between her fingers so that both nipples were inflamed. Sandy welcomed the caresses and felt the tenderness only a woman could give. 

 It was Sandy's turn to be surprised as Susan's free hand slipped between the wet bodies. Instantly, her fingers found the open thighs and darted directly to vulnerable opening. When she pinched the elongated clit between her fingers, Sandy arched her back in ecstasy and spread her legs wider. Susan rolled the soaked bud around and around in the abundant juices, which filled Sandy's mind with desire and it didn't take long until she felt like begging. 

 Suddenly the once powerful girl realized she was on the verge of a gigantic orgasm, wanting to stop to prolong the wait, but unwilling to bring a halt to Susan's caress. Susan's instincts told her to squeeze and pinch the woman's clitoris and she pulled hard on the throbbing bud. Vigorously she rolled the enlarged clit without a recess and took Sandy to the brink. 

 Sandy knew that she needed a respite this instant, or it would be too late. By the time that thought passed through her mind, a sob of defeat shook her Amazon body. Julie watched the action with wide eyes as the powerful orgasm exploded within Sandy and the gorgeous, luscious body thrashed up and down in animal ecstasy as the rank amateur fucked her. 

 This was not going according to Sandy's plan and Julie knew her well enough to know that she did not want to experience an orgasm at this time. Sandy was the consummate dyke and wanted to be in absolute control at all times. Susan would feel her wrath for making the big mistake of giving the beautiful student an unplanned climax. 

 The memory of Julie's eventful time with Sandy when she had made her mad came rushing back. Visions of Sandy strapping on that big, rubber cock and the punishment she rained on her slender body for the misdeed, made Julie dizzy with embarrassment. That night had changed her life and secretly she held the fact from her loving husband. Ron would never understand that a woman could have strong, sexual desires for another woman and still be a loving wife. 

 All eyes were glued to the erotic scene unraveling under the glare of the spotlights and the two sexy bodies clung desperately to each other. Julie watched with envy as Susan's most desirable body rolled around on the floor as she took her master through the violent orgasm. With great urgency, Sandy grabbed Susan's head and held the flaming mouth over her womanhood as the climax roared over the top. In all Sandy's lesbian experiences, she had never allowed a slave to consume her body and bring her to fulfillment before she was ready. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© Susan felt the strong, erotic passion devour Sandy and hugged her hips tightly as she rolled down the far side. With a newfound hunger unknown to her, Susan drank the juices and licked the enlarged clitoris like a true veteran. Julie was shocked as Sandy uttered, "No, no, don't eat my cunt you fucking bitch." There was no way either woman was going to stop and the juices flowed like a river. 

 The last powerful explosion left her reeling and she felt dismayed by what had just happened. No woman had ever taken advantage of her like that and now it was time to regain control of the much smaller, weaker teacher. She would give the others their money's worth and subtly reached for her carrying bag, which she left by the sofa. The men were so obsessed by the naked bodies they didn't even notice the large, rubber cock as Sandy slipped it out of the bag. Julie didn't miss a thing as her heart stopped in anticipation. 

 Suddenly, Sandy shoved the thick, pliable shaft into Susan's delicate hand and ordered, "Feel the cock and I want you to know that I am going to fuck you with it." Such a thing being foreign to her, Susan didn't know at first what was happening. Then she glanced down to see the enormous cock and her mind sort of went blank for few seconds. This gave Sandy time to strap the monster to her hips while the thick shaft bounced up and down between the two girls. 

 Things began to happen real fast as Sandy forced Susan onto her back and placed her knees between her thighs. Susan looked so scared, so delicate lying there and staring straight into Sandy's domineering eyes. Holding her gaze, Sandy positioned her body over the bewildered teacher and forced Susan to spread her legs wider. Susan could feel the strange probing of the rubber cock against her flesh and she flinched in an effort to avoid the weapon. 

 "Spread your legs wider for me, my beautiful Susan, as I am going to make you my lover," Sandy whispered into her ear. "Can you feel the head of my dildo pushing against your cunt? Do you want me to fuck you with it?" she asked out of courtesy. Then she reached into the passion pit with her skillful fingers and found the control button. Pinching it with a lot more vigor than need be, she was determined to demonstrate her superiority. It brought words of protest from Susan and her resistance quickly waned with the sudden, pinching caresses. 

 Sandy twisted her body with lightning speed so that she was looking directly into the wetness between the shapely thighs. "No, no, please don't, please don't," Susan moaned, but she knew what was next. She braced for the impending attack, and when the lips closed over her womanhood, she sobbed with defeat. "Please, no, no, please don't suck my pussy," Susan whispered but her own words only incensed her even more. 

 The tongue darted out to circle the extended clitoris and teased it with expert skill. It swirled around and over the tender bud and then Sandy sucked it into her demanding mouth. 

 Susan became delirious from the sudden lust and couldn't prevent her hips from thrusting up to the greedy lips. The earlier unplanned events had put Sandy in an extremely aroused state and she hungered for the free flowing juices of her slave. There was no pause, no let up, as she wanted to disgrace Susan as quickly as possible and then humiliate her with the ultimate, friendly persuader now strapped to her hips. 

 Sandy finger fucked Susan with the talent known only to a dyke and sucked the lava from deep within the volcano. The heat was intense and Susan broke out in a severe sweat as she rocketed up the hill to the peak and the orgasm roared over the crest. She succumbed to the ecstasy so rapidly that her slender body rolled and thrust on the thick carpet with no control or explanation. 

 Kaz wanted to jump into the fray as his cock felt like it would burst from being hard since the girls arrived. He could see the strap-on bobbing up and down as Sandy kneeled between Susan's splayed legs and knew the price of waiting to see her use it on his lovely teacher would be worth every cent. 

 Sandy was in control again and she felt rejuvenated from taking the innocent woman through the throes of the intense orgasm. It was time to consummate her mastery over Susan and she re-aligned her body so that she was laying over top the passive woman. 

 Feeling once again, the probing pokes of the dildo, Susan knew what was planned. "Please, Sandy please, don't do this to me," she pleaded with the hope the young student would listen to her older teacher. "You can't do this to me, please don't," she kept up the begging as the skillful hand went to work. Sandy rubbed the head of the monster up and down the wet opening and coated it with juices. 

 Susan felt a trembling reflex every time the rubber head pressed against the upper regions and it brought a satisfied smile to Sandy when the hips quivered. "Oh gawd, it is right on my pussy," Susan whispered in acknowledgement. 

 "Do you know what I am going to do now, Susan?" she asked as the humiliation continued. Then she held steady over the abused clit and stroked it with careful concentration. Susan felt hope fading fast as she struggled to escape the much stronger woman but was unable to even slow down the assault. 

 Sandy felt more confident by the second. Oops, she dipped the wide head into the tiny slit in teasing fashion, which brought an immediate protest. Suddenly the powerful woman kissed Susan on the lips and took her completely by surprise. The probing tongue pressed against the tightly closed lips and indicated the urgency for her to submit. 

 With a tiny sob, Susan just relaxed slightly but that was enough as the tongue seized the opportunity. A struggle ensued but Susan was no match and quickly the tongues intertwined in a tender caress. A little thrust with her strong hips as the cock head was exactly positioned on the opening and Susan's cry for mercy was not heard. She arched her back with all her might in an attempt to get away from the sword but it was to no avail. 

 The kiss inflamed Susan's mind as it conveyed so much lust and passion that she didn't know how to resist. Sandy seized the opening and took the obedient woman into unfamiliar territory as she felt Susan surrender her sexy body. 

 Sandy twisted her body to the side and slipped her hand between the two bodies. Susan's muscles flinch wildly as the sharp nails scrapped across her tummy and into the cherished land. The fingertips teased their way through the sparse hair, twirling the curly strands and turning the poor woman into a puppet. 

 Sobs raked Susan's body and she quivered under the tender caresses as she was filled with desire for her young student. With a little dip of her finger, Sandy grazed the tip of the exposed clitoris and thrust her hips to embed the cock. Susan's breathing was quick and very uneven as Sandy held her hips steady while her fingers searched. 

 It was evident to all when she found the target as Susan's legs jerked frantically and sort of surrounded the shapely hips now between her thighs. The hot mouth covering Susan's swallowed the scream of ecstasy as the darting fingers pinched the swollen clit in challenging fashion. Without any care or concern, Sandy squeezed the bud as hard as she could and rammed the pussy breaker to the hilt. 

 The explosion started from the epicenter in the deepest regions of Susan's cunt and her womanly juices flowed out to meet her master. All eyes filled with lust watching the two women in the throes of erotic passion and they knew that Susan's will had been broken. 

 Her body shuddered violently and Sandy fucked her without holding anything back. The sight was overpowering, watching Susan writher under the slender Amazon. Sandy's muscular buttocks tightened whenever she thrust forward and everyone could imagine the hard cock striking the inner reaches of Susan's love channel. The men dreamed of fucking this tall, blonde woman and they all could hardly wait to touch that shapely ass. 

 Susan's climax was earth-shattering and she hugged her student's body tightly as she thrust madly to meet Sandy's hips. Her juices coated the thick shaft and she welcomed the release of her spirit as the powerful girl took her over the mountain's crest. 

 The two women were covered with perspiration and they held onto each other oblivious to the bright lights and the audience. By this time, everyone was thoroughly aroused and ready for some action of his or her own. Sandy continued kissing and embracing Susan with tenderness in an attempt to show her idol how much she cared for her. 

 Kaz was the first to come out of the darkness and approach the two lovers. Sandy became aware of Kaz and listened as he whispered to her. "That was some performance and you were right, it was worth the price of admission," he said. Susan was vaguely aware of what was said and a sinking feeling went threw her tummy knowing Sandy had set her up. How could she was all Susan could wonder? 

 "I hope you don't mind if I join you but I want some of our little Susan too," he whispered and his hands went to the burning flesh. Sandy thought quickly and decided to coax Kaz into removing all his clothes and to lie on the floor. She promised to entice his beautiful teacher to ride his cock like a jockey and he would have the journey of his life. 

 Soon others decided to join the party and everyone moved into the lighted arena. Julie had already told Ron that she craved a little action with one of the young students, Vanya. Ron encouraged her to go ahead and he would occupy himself with the other two girls. It worked out even better than Ron anticipated as his sexy wife sat beside Vanya and was quickly joined by Ivan. Now both young men groped the married woman and within seconds had her naked above the waist. 

 Julie was in heaven as Vanya felt her fiery flesh and his head swooped down to devour a rock, hard nipple. She arched her back to offer rewards and instantly another mouth sucked the other nipple. Both boys sucked and nibbled the big tits and were amazed by her loud moans of passion. Julie was delirious with passion and she fumbled franticly for the boy's muscular bodies in an attempt to satisfy her desperate needs. 

 It didn't go unnoticed by Ron and he witnessed his wife taken by the two lust filled students. It always amazed him to see his wife loose all inhibitions and throw herself completely into an orgy. 

 Kaz complied with Sandy's wishes and now lay naked on the floor. He put his fist around his hard cock and rotated the thick shaft in an enticing manner. His free hand reached out for Susan and with the help of Sandy, maneuvered her over his pulsing hips. Susan was wide eyed as she watched the hypnotic movement of the throbbing beacon and did not resist when they made her kneel over the spear. 

 Ron noticed the prominent engraving on the delicate ass cheek and thought it added an extra element to her beauty. The carving on the upper portion of her breast also made her look more sexy and desirable. Realizing the significance of the drawing, he found it a touch humorous. 

 Suddenly Sandy kissed her on the lips, full and demanding, which made Susan's head swim. The darting tongue entwined with hers and she tilted her head to a comfortable position. She realized what Sandy and Kaz were attempting to do and she permitted it to happen. On her knees, she dropped her hips backward and like a guided missile, the head of the long cock pressed into the Garden of Eden. The burning mouth sucked her breath away and Kaz pushed his manhood into her dripping cunt. 

 The fantasy of being with Kaz and the familiar feeling of desire she felt for this young exchange student returned to her. He slowly thrust his cock and suddenly Sandy pushed down hard on Susan's body. The burning rod went deep into her inner reaches and her lust, which had rested on a plateau, left the landing and headed for higher ground. 

 The willingness of Julie was stimulating to Ivan and Vanya and they were determined to take full advantage of her eagerness. Both almost ripped their clothes off along with the rest of Julie's and it wasn't long before all three were completely naked. 

 Ivan concentrated on the big, bouncy tits while Vanya made Julie cry out when his tongue licked a wet trail down her middle. The foreplay didn't last long as both boys were extremely worked up by this time. Tasting the riches and teasing the burning flesh on her thighs and pelvis made Julie spread her legs in wanton fashion and she begged Vanya to fuck her. She was burning up with desire and needed a cock badly. 

 Reaching out, she grabbed the hard meat between Ivan's legs and immediately started to pump it in a furious manner. Again she screamed but this time it was because she had been stabbed. Vanya filled the void between her legs and rammed his big cock to the hilt in one powerful thrust. It was exactly what Julie wanted and she held her hips in position for him to satisfy his pent up lust. 

 Ron was a little jealous as he watched the young man fuck his wife but he easily accepted it because his mind was also inflamed. It was obvious when the orgasm washed over Julie as she let out rapid gasps of air and deep moans. Then Vanya filled his slut with scorching cum while Ivan devoured the throbbing nipples and Julie was taken into the Promised Land. 

 The four others in the center of the spotlight were drawn by the loud noises of the illustrious threesome near the sofa and the erotic sight fueled their already enraged minds. Kaz felt the intense heat surrounding his cock and held his hips upward to thoroughly enjoy the moment. 

 Sandy's ulterior motive of having Kaz on the floor enabled her to caress the seductive tits, which easily fit in the palm of her hands. Ripping her eyes from the three near the sofa, she again kissed her lover on the lips. This time Susan yielded right away and joined the hungry action without hesitation. The two women and Kaz used all their skill to prolong the passion so it would last. 

 Ron was left out so he reached for Sandy's naked body, which brought an immediate protest. She stopped the kiss and turned to tell Ron in no uncertain terms that her body was off limits. Ron was desperate so he diverted his attention to Susan who was now in the saddle of a bucking bronco. Standing, his crotch was at the same level as Susan's face so he aimed for second best. Holding his ramrod with one hand, he grabbed Susan by the head and guided her mouth to his waiting pecker. As long as Ron left her alone, Sandy was okay with it so she was contented to massage and caress Susan's body. 

 Kaz's stamina was being robbed very fast and he could feel the dam ready to burst. Susan's cunt tightened around his shaft and his body started to quiver in the wake of the impending orgasm. She could feel his body tighten and knew Kaz was ready to fill her vagina with sperm. 

 Ron was content to fuck her hot mouth and he pumped his long shaft with his fist while holding her on the end of his cock. He was ready to climax and he squeezed his pelvis muscles, holding them taunt for a few seconds to delay the inevitable. It was hard for Susan to breath and when the first blast of lava shot into her throat, she almost choked. 

 It all happened with lightning speed as she swallowed shot after shot of cum while Kaz exploded deep inside her cunt. Her body was still on fire but there was no massive orgasm to speak of. Tiny electrical spasms shook her lithe body and she was content to satisfy the two men while her new lover caressed her steamy body. The bold pinches and nibbles from Sandy were loving reminders of her compassionate feelings. 

 The men rocketed through the crests and the climaxes lasted for several seconds as both emptied their love potion into the sexy Susan. For some mysterious reason, she felt compelled to satisfy their male needs and did her utmost to make it gratifying for both, Kaz and Ron. 

 Julie was only slightly aware of Ron's heightened lust as she glimpsed his climax with Susan. The broad smile covering his face and the frantic thrusting of his hips indicated his sheer and utter enjoyment. 

 The sudden orgy drugged Julie's mind and Ivan and Vanya kept caressing her body. She was kept in a constant aroused state and her body twitched with every touch from the two students. The three sort of crawled over to the center of the room next to the others. 

 The men were quite content to satisfy their pent up needs with the willing women at this point but Kaz had future plans for Sandy. He realized that she would not submit to their male desires so they would have to force her. After all, what could she do about it, he reasoned? 

 A new round of fucking was about to take place and the bodies shuffled in an attempt to sort themselves out now that they were all together. The bright lights gave the room an eerie feeling as it made one think they could be seen by the whole world. In one sense, the exhibitionist performances only incensed everyone's mind, as voyeurism was something everyone dreamed of doing but never really had the courage to carry out. 

 Each person had a separate version as what should happen but Ivan was the first to act. The flames of desire licked his frustrated mind and he needed immediate fulfillment so he reached for Susan. Julie envied Ivan as he wrestled Susan's naked body from Kaz's hips and rolled her onto the carpet. She too felt a deep desire for Susan's raw assets but she could wait. 

 Sandy's objective was limited to either of the two women and she quickly decided to restore her acquaintance with Julie. Flashbacks of their short time together filled her mind with renewed passion for the woman and she innocently stroked the rubber pacifier. Moving over to Julie, they cuddled and each began exploring the others body for riches. Tenderly and with true womanly affection, they caressed and embraced while their mouths locked in a feverish kiss. 

 Julie held her breath when Sandy's hand closed over her dripping, wet cunt, and her finger teasing the swollen labia. Sandy dearly wanted to taste Julie's delights but not after Vanya had filled them with his seed. She remembered the way Julie begged the last time she fucked her with the enlarged strap-on and the thought enslaved her mind. 

 Suddenly Sandy sucked a distended nipple into her mouth, which brought moans of ecstasy from Julie, and both women anticipated what was on the horizon. Julie arched her back, offering her big tits to the hungry mouth and Kaz and Ron moved over to watch the lesbians. It never ceased to amaze Ron at his wives' lust for another woman and Kaz would never tire of watching the definitive male fantasy. 

 Without any foreplay or preparation, Ivan had one thing on his aroused mind and he spread Susan in a vulgar manner. His eyes were crazed and he aimed his rod at the vulnerable target between the splayed legs. Almost in a trace, Susan looked down and envisioned Ivan entering her and it excited her beyond belief. When the tip of his enlarged cock touched the puffy pussy lips, she vigorously thrust her hips at him and displayed uncommon lust, which gave her a feeling of shame. 

 He felt the sudden intense heat of her volcano and with a powerful thrust, rammed his cock into the fire. Susan was feeling guilty as the arousal built from the pit of her stomach and she wondered if Jay would ever understand her predicament. 

 Vanya knew his compatriot was about to satisfy his burning needs by fucking the willing teacher and he took liberties to feel her exposed flesh. The small tits highlighted by the large, hard nipples were exceptionally defined and he caressed them with a passion. 

 Ivan was already near the end of his stamina and he felt the pre-cum seep from the tip of his cock. Prolonging it for as long as he could, he finally was forced to let loose a jet of white, creamy fluid. His hips jerked out of control as he jettisoned the immense load of Russian cum into his dreamlike woman and he held her tightly. Vanya managed to keep his fingers on the enlarged buds and pinched them into erotic hardness. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© Susan felt the fiery cum coat her inner reaches and a violent explosion in her loins set off a series of spasms, which rocked her body. Her mind went solely to the present orgasm and she forgot about the guilt of being unfaithful. She thrust her hips madly at the young student and demanded he fill her with fucking cum. 

 Ivan felt sheer contentment as her womanly cream ran over his thick cock and she was consumed by the intense orgasm. Crying and moaning with animal like sounds, Susan's climax roared to the mountainous peak and she became oblivious to anything around her. 

 The other four were mesmerized by the outward display of ecstasy and the total lack of willpower shown by Susan. Her body squirmed under that of Ivan and she clung to his muscular body with desperation as he robbed her of any dignity. "Fuck me, fuck me you fucking bastard," she hissed through her tightly clinched teeth. "Fill my cunt with your fucking seed. Oh you are so deep, I feel your cock inside me and the bombs are going off within my cunt," and the dirty talk only incensed her even more. "No, no, I'm fucking. I am creaming all over your big cock," she screamed and the mind-blowing orgasm washed over her. 

 All the emotions were real and there was no acting by the players, as the stage would now be set for a new orgy. Ron, Kaz and Vanya were rejuvenated and it wouldn't take long for Ivan as he was young and virile. Kaz whispered his plan to the other men and without any hesitation, they all agreed. 

 It happened so fast that Sandy didn't have time to escape or to run away. "Don't worry bitch, we are not going to hurt you but you are going to get some of your own medicine," Kaz explained to the now frightened freshman. "You seemed to like making innocent women surrender to your whims and now we are going to make you surrender to ours," he said with a confident smile. "Have you ever been fucked by four, hard cocks in your life Sandy?" he asked but didn't expect an answer. 

 Her naked body was no match for the four, strong men and in a wink of the eye, she was prone on the soft carpet. Three of them held her steady with her legs wide spread and Kaz settled his stocky body between her milky thighs. She wrestled with all her strength to get free but was unable to stop him from gaining access to her vulnerable womanhood. 

 Suddenly, Sandy broke down and cried hard which made her body shake in agony. Nothing this violent or drastic had ever happened to her and she felt total helplessness as the much stronger men bound her. Susan and Julie stared in shock and amazement as the men took total liberties with the sobbing young Sandy. Susan's initial reaction was to assist her student but the erotic sight got the better of her. 

 The crying got louder and was at a fevered pitch when Kaz hit the mark and he was astonished by the tightness of her pussy. Pushing harder, he eventually buried the wide head of his manhood and Sandy moaned in absolute despair. She had raped and fucked many girls but never had it happen to herself until now. 

 Sandy's tits were assaulted by one of the men while every other part of her body was also caressed. Kaz had to pump his cock a few times before he was able to feel her pelvis meet his. This woman had violated his beautiful teacher and the woman he adored so now he was going to punish her. Slowly he worked his big cock in and out, which brought cries of protest with every thrust. 

 The two girls watched in astonishment as the men forced themselves upon the helpless woman. They felt pity and sympathy for her and wanted to help but were unable to find a solution. Julie reached for Susan and hugged her into her body in a show of tenderness while they just sat still. Innocently, Julie reached for Susan and began massaging her overly sensitive breasts while Susan reciprocated with her newfound skills. 

 Looking to the side, Kaz could see Julie was going down on Susan and her tongue lashed out with a vengeance. Kaz watched as Susan entwined her fingers in Julie's hair and guided her mouth to the entrance of her passion pit. He lost sight of the exact contact but it was apparent to Kaz when the tiny penis like tongue darted into the opening. The loud slurping sounds were further evidence and then Susan's lower body went into convulsions soon after. 

 Unable to stop the attack, Sandy shuddered with disgust as Kaz began pumping his cock in and out in a fluid motion, which indicated he was ready to consummate a marriage. Sandy struggled with all her might but it was futile as all her limbs were held tightly. 

 She sobbed and begged, "Please don't, don't do this." It didn't have any affect on Kaz's inflamed mind but Sandy continued, "No, no, don't fuck me as I have never had sex with a man before," she pleaded. "I can't get pregnant, please don't fuck me," she cried loud and begged him to stop. 

 All ears picked up at this confession and Kaz was in the drivers seat. Ramming his swollen cock to the hilt, he blasted the first male seed into the Amazon and the virgin cried in anguish. Tears ran down her cheeks as he filled her virgin territory and his orgasm roared through the stop sign. 

 Sandy's sobbing and begging continued, "No, no, please don't. No, not inside of me, not in my pussy, please." Her desperation was like fuel on a fire and the men ravished her helpless body while ignoring every plea. Kaz fucked her bald cunt with all the passion bestowed in him and Sandy felt the burning lava destroy her dignity. 

 She whimpered, "No, please, it hurts too much, take your cock out. I can't stand it. Oh, Kaz, don't cum inside me. Not in my pussy as you will get me pregnant," she moaned in agony as she tried every excuse she could think of. 

 The marks on her white, silky flesh would be a sullen reminder of the evening and the attack continued. The fervor of the guys was extreme and they left welts over her shapely hips as well as red bite marks on her tender boobs. A man assaulted each breast and the large nipples were devoured with a lot more intensity than needed. 

 A sick feeling welled up from the pit her Sandy's stomach as Kaz's orgasm consumed his muscular body and he filled her small cunt with the steamy liquid. "No, no," she muttered over and over as his climax slowly subsided. She was defeated and the reality of the situation suddenly hit her, which shook her body with non-stop sobs. 

 The men would all take a turn with the poor girl and she was a shell of the person that came for the rendezvous. Her dazed mind knew that she would remain a lesbian but not one that would take advantage of another girl like in the past. Being fucked by Kaz, Ron and Vanya was bad enough, but the blowjob she was forced to give Ivan was devastating. 

 It wasn't so much the act itself that was so demoralizing, it was the fact he was not fully aroused because of the recent session with Susan. He forced her to suck and caress his filthy cock for many, many minutes before it became hard again. Then the dirty bugger filled her mouth with that awful tasting stuff and he held her head on his throbbing knob until he finished. She was repulsed by the vile act and closed her eyes tight so she wouldn't have to see his satisfaction. 

 At the same time Ivan was getting his blowjob, Vanya was ravishing her cunt for his personal enjoyment. Cum overflowed her little cavity as it leaked out around Vanya's hard shaft and he rode her like an animal. She continued to cry the whole time and her struggles had long since ceased as she let the men do as they pleased with her. 

 Sandy almost threw up when she was forced to swallow the humiliating cum from Ivan. Her stomach heaved as the degrading lava burnt its way downward but she did manage to regain a measure of control. She loathed all four men and could hardly wait to feel the soft, silky skin of Susan or Julie. 

 Her body was held between the Ivan and Vanya as their climaxes slowly waned and she felt much relief with the knowledge it could be over. Crudely, Ivan pumped his big cock so the last drops of cum were deposited in Sandy's open mouth. Vanya held the gorgeous hips tightly in his strong fingers as she kneeled in front of him and he had to admire her hard, round ass. He cherished the last few seconds that his hard cock was held tightly by Sandy's abused cunt 

 With the orgasms now over, they reluctantly released the once powerful Sandy and tiny sobs shock her whole body as she slunk to the carpet. She curled into a ball and held her knees to her chest as all suddenly got quiet in the room. 

 Julie had taken the obedient teacher through another orgasm and it seemed that Susan's body was more alive than ever. They hugged each other, content with the stillness in the room and the four men admired Sandy's battered, sexy body, as it lay motionless. 

 Everyone sort of drifted off into another universe as the past few hours had been very draining to all. Although most eyes were closed, their minds were still hard at work. The dreams and fantasies flourished especially in the men, as they were far from finished. 

 Vanya had a deep desire to be with the seductive Susan but he knew his dwindling manhood would take some time to recover. Ivan dreamed back to the first encounter with the delectable teacher and the time he fucked her virgin ass. Okay, so it was not uncharted terrain now, anal sex would be just as humiliating for her. Kaz and Ron knew the evening was almost over but were reluctant to accept the fact. 

 Julie hugged Susan's exhausted body and glance over to see Sandy lying quietly all alone. It was obviously she was crying and a tiny pang of sympathy ran through Julie. Then she whispered softly to Susan and they silently moved over to be beside the crestfallen Sandy. This left the guys in one group and the girls in another. Kaz and the rest of the guys just looked with dreamy eyes at the three sexy women. 

 Ron would be never more proud of his lovely wife as she was always thinking of erotic adventures and he was always a benefactor from her evil plans. Julie caressed the two women and realized how much alike they were. Even though Sandy made out to be strong and domineering, she was actually quite naïve and not very strong willed. Being totally dominated by the men, Sandy was now a kitten and would be susceptible to any authoritarian individual. The plan formed so quickly it made her smirk with a devilish smile. 

 With all the tenderness she could muster, Julie caressed and massaged the two resting women, careful not to touch the erogenous zones. She felt their maltreated bodies relax now that the men were far away. 

 Ron perked up with immense interest as he watched his wife find the big strap- on, which was discarded, and lying next to the sofa. She brought it to her tummy and made a motion to simulate it being on her hips. 

 Ron jabbed Kaz to get his attention and whispered so that the other guys could hear. "Check it out!" he said and their eyes opened wide. Julie had strapped the instrument around her hips and was again caressing the two innocent women. The ominous looking cock bounced in the air and made her look so powerful. Ron looked at his short, 5'1" wife and was totally blown away by her superior demeanor as she straddled the two women. 

 Julie looked over to see Ron watching and sort of nodded as if to say, "Just watch this dear." Then she leaned down and tenderly kissed the saddened student who was just beginning to regain control of her emotions. Sandy welcomed the kiss and returned it with equal tenderness. 

 "Geez, she has that big thing strapped on and is going to use it on one of them," Kaz whispered the obvious. "Look at Sandy struggling to get away from her," he said and watched the action attentively. Julie grabbed her adversary by the shoulders and roughly turned the bigger woman onto her back. Sandy was surprised by the sudden show of force and was reluctant to fight back. 

 "Open your legs bitch as I am going to fuck you like you did me," Julie gave the explicit order and with a whimper, Sandy did as she was told. The memory of that fateful night came rushing back. This was her punishment for taking advantage of Julie and Sandy's shoulders slumped in defeat. It was only right and she resigned herself to the fact Julie was justified in raping her with Sandy's own cock. 

 "Grab the big cock and hold it with your hand," was Julie's next order and again Sandy followed directions. "Put it between your puffy cunt lips and hold it there so I can fuck you with it," and all eyes stared with anticipation. 

 Susan was taken back by the forceful display by Julie and lay back as if to ignore what was happening, mere inches away from her. Julie saw Susan's hesitation and wanted her to participate in the conquering of the master. In fact, Julie would improvise her plan to include the sexy teacher, as she knew that fucking both girls would bring tremendous joy to the men. 

 "Kiss your baby," Julie gave the order to Susan. "Kiss her on the beautiful lips and let her know you care for her," she continued and with one hand, brought the frightened woman to the destination. 

 Susan was torn. So many things were running through her mind. Once shy and timid, now she seemed to be bolder and more aggressive. There was one constant feeling though, and that was her deep feelings for Sandy. Hearing the stern order repeated by the insistent Julie, Susan cooperated. Tenderly, she reached forward and her lips felt the shock of electricity as they closed over the student's lips. 

 Julie took this opportunity to ram the monstrous cock into the once domineering young girl. Sandy's mouth opened with utter shock and dismay, and Susan took the gesture as one of love, kissing the vulnerable lips. She felt Sandy struggle hard under her and she wrapped her arms around the girl to hold her steady. This only aided Julie in her conquest and she violently fucked the poor girl without any compassion for her well being. 

 Giving immense enjoyment to her husband and the other three men was Julie's only concern. She was fully aware of the fact that the more she degraded the student, the more satisfaction it would bring the men. In fact, when she got to Susan, she would prolong the session until she had her fully aroused. Then she would make the teacher beg for the big cock so the men could hear her. Julie shuddered from the thought and wondered why such perverted sex gave her so much ecstasy. 

 Sandy sobbed from the helplessness of the situation now that both women were assaulting her Amazon body. She twisted and rolled in an attempt to get away from capture but Julie was the more determined. She forced the girl to submit to the attack and her whimpering only added to the enjoyment. 

 Roughly, her strong fingers reached under the rotating hips and her nails raked the tender flesh, which brought moans of protest. The harder she squeezed Sandy's firm ass, the less resistance exerted by the beaten victim. Then passively, Sandy lay beneath the much smaller woman and accepted her fortune. 

 The final straw came when Julie gave the next order. "Susan, reach your hand down and find the bitches power button. Her clit needs your fingers to pinch it and rub it between your fingers," she said and watched the teacher debate the instructions. 

 With the devil in her eyes, Julie brought her hand up and slapped Susan's bare ass as hard as she could. Everyone knew who was boss and Susan jumped to comply with the order. Her fingers went to the rosy flesh, teasing and touching the burning skin all the way down and her fingers were like robots. Julie arched her back to pull her body upwards and allow Susan room to search the control zone. All the men could tell when the target was reached as Sandy's hips thrust upward with all her strength and the dainty fingers pinched hard. 

 The sobbing and crying turned to moans and it was hard to tell that Sandy was not a willing partner. Ron knew his wife well enough to know that Sandy was going to get fucked like never before. Julie was vindictive and he knew she would make the girl pay for robbing her dignity during their earlier relationship. 

 Julie's mind had gone wild. Her mission was too humiliate and shame the girl to the extend Sandy had done to her. Then the vision of how Sandy treated the beautiful Susan flashed through her memory and she lost complete control. She pumped the weapon in and out of the small cunt with such velocity that it was the envy of all the men. 

 When Sandy's lover pulled the vulnerable clit out from her vulva, her roof caved in and the first spasm rocked her body. Her determination to withstand the assault and not give in to the lust washed away in a flood of desire. Again she sobbed but the adoring lips consumed them. Susan kissed her lover in an attempt to demonstrate how much she cared for her. 

 The violent explosions went off one after the other and Julie became master of her destiny. Sandy desperately clung to the two women and she was satisfied with how it turned out. Maybe she was not the domineering and controlling person like before but she still had a relationship with the two lovers. Julie's eyes were on fire as she took the naïve girl through the throes of a fierce climax, which had all the guys on pins and needles. Their enthusiasm was obvious as four, raging hardons indicated the severe passion. Julie already had the next phase all planned and her desire was heightened by the lust shown by Susan. 

 No sooner had the electricity shorted out in Sandy's worn body when Julie demanded Susan take her submissive position. "Get on top of your lover and I want your gorgeous ass pointed in my direction," she ordered the terrified woman. "I want you to spread your legs and show me your dripping pussy. Then I am going to make you beg loud so that your lover Kaz can hear you!" she uttered with a firm tone. 

 The words had a profound affect on Susan and she sat dumbfounded. Looking directly into Julie's fiery eyes, she pleaded, "No, please don't do anything to me." Julie just stared at her as she continued, "Please, Julie, don't hurt me and don't make me do this." 

 "I said lay over the blonde bitch and rub your little titties against her big nipples," Julie ordered in a stern voice, which made Susan cringe in fear. She was afraid to move a muscle and used her eyes to make a final, desperate plea with Julie. 

 Julie remained steadfast and Sandy watched the drama unravel above her prone body. She remained motionless like an obedient slave and waited for her fate to unwind as well as Susan's. She could see the troubled look on Susan's face and instantly felt sympathy for her plight. 

 Then Julie realized that she would need Sandy's assistance to complete the takeover. "Sandy," she whispered to get Sandy's attention as young girl was in a trance watching Susan's dilemma. Julie was aware of Sandy's great affection for her teacher and she would use that to her advantage. 

 "Sandy, I want you to help Susan and I want you to make her lay on top of your body," she whispered. Nothing happened until Julie took absolute control of the situation and then there was a fury of action. She reached down and pinched the most delicate flower between Sandy's legs so hard that the scream was ear shattering. 

 It left little doubt as to who was boss and Sandy began to cry out loud. The others were amazed that Sandy didn't reach down to protect herself from Julie's abuse, but instead she followed the woman's orders. Her tears ran and she reached out with her strong arms and grabbed Susan's luscious nakedness with firm hands. 

 This left her vulnerable and Julie twisted the clit as hard as she could and Sandy's willpower was thoroughly shattered. She had succumbed to the earlier assault from Julie and submitted to her violent demands, but the realization suddenly struck her. For the first time in her life, she was under the spell of another woman! Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© Susan shrugged her slender shoulders and relented, allowing Sandy to guide her body over her own. With sudden shame, Susan felt her breasts push into the firm boobs below her and with great skill, Sandy lined up the hardened tips. Relaxing into the tenderness, Susan hugged her master tightly and the tits melted together much to the delight of the men. 

 Julie hovered over the delicious pussy like it was a virgin. She held the large shaft in her fist and touched the wide knob against the wet cunt, which was exposed so vulgarly. Susan flinched wildly but did not make any attempt to escape. Both women had resigned themselves to the fact this much smaller woman was a tiger and she commanded their obedience. 

 The men had shifted to get a better look and watched with wide-eyed stares. Ron could not believe the respect his wife garnered from the two women and was totally envious of her power and authority. In anticipation, all the men held their breath, as they knew Julie was not going to wait long. 

 With the most vicious stab, Julie plunged the rubber pecker between the swollen labia, deep into the waiting cunt. Susan let out a big gasp of air as she was filled beyond belief. Her legs were spread so wide it looked almost crude. For some mysterious reason, Susan felt that her life was now out of her own hands. It was like she was a slave to the erotic desires of others. 

 Julie reached for the rounded hips and dug her sharp nails into the flesh to bring a loud protest from Susan. Sandy felt Susan's helpless sobs and rose up to kiss her on the lips. Feeling the despair, she kissed the open lips and her tongue darted out in search of Susan's. She felt sympathy for Susan and wanted her to know that not all was lost. 

 It was hard for Julie to pump the thick cock even with all the used semen still inside Susan's pussy so she had to slowly work it in and out. Susan felt like she was being split in two by the enormous cock and it took many seconds before the pain subsided even though she had tasted it only a couple hours earlier. Once she was able to relax her tight muscles, it became easier for Julie and she quickly developed a rhythm. 

 Susan and Sandy kissed and all their troubles melted away. They were comforted by the fact they had each other and it enabled Julie to take complete control. Her tempo now established, Julie thrust and pumped the cock like a mad woman. On and on she fucked with juices now leaking from the wide-open cunt and the erotic sight was nothing that any of the men had witnessed. They were mesmerized by the erotic performance and their only sounds were moans and groans. 

 Suddenly, Susan's back arched with the strength unknown to her and the kissing lips parted. Loud, animal sounds came from deep in her throat and the orgasm burst from the pit of her entire being. With her chest now in the air, Sandy devoured an exposed nipple with her fiery mouth. She licked the inflamed bud with her raspy tongue and then she nibbled it with her razor, sharp teeth which brought more moans of ecstasy. 

 The earth shattering orgasm roared on for an eternity and every nerve ending came alive in Susan's, womanly body. Julie raped her with the fervor of a pervert and Susan was oblivious to the fact that all eyes were glued to her nakedness. No words could ever explain or excuse the undaunted lust she displayed and this would certainly become evident when she went home to her husband. 

 The time was getting to be very late and Kaz knew that he would soon have to release his teacher. This was too much of good thing to be spoiled by silly mistakes and he didn't want her husband to get too suspicious. He was aware of Vanya's pent up desire from his missed chance to ravage the willing pussy. The thought of entering the volcano like crater had already filled Vanya's mind with immoral fantasies. Kaz attempted to have him satisfy his dire need with one of the other women, but to no avail. 

 Kaz cautioned Vanya to be quick and not prolong the night so as to get Susan in trouble at home. Speed was foremost on Vanya's mind as it was, so he swiftly moved in for the kill. Kaz joined in to help, as he wanted it to go smoothly. He hugged Susan's sweaty body and guided her off the exceptionally well-built Sandy. Kaz moved Susan over to one side of the room and held her in a prone position for his comrade. It was like a sacrifice of the lamb. 

 Out of the corner of his eye, Kaz could see movement and glancing over, he noticed the two remaining women had company. Julie had powerful pent up emotions by this time and she almost jumped Ivan when he came near. Sandy on the other hand was resigned to being mauled by the lecherous men. She closed her eyes tightly and waited for the touch from a dirty vulture. 

 Without any foreplay or even a loving caress, Vanya moved between Susan's wide spread legs and his eyes were ablaze from seeing the unguarded cunt. Susan watched in horror as he immediately aimed his long cock at her vulnerable crotch and with the swiftness of a cat, pierced the soaked, swollen lips. 

 Shame fueled the guilt in her mind, as she didn't even move a muscle to resist the attack. He used the tight pussy to lubricate his big cock and he coated the thick shaft with Susan's juices as he had a hidden motive. 

 Suddenly Susan felt Vanya pull his cock out of her soaked cunt and looking downward, she let out a scream. "NO, no not that, please," she begged him as he aimed his cock lower. Unexpectedly, she found the strength to struggle and attempted to move away from his heat-seeking missile. 

 The head of his cock pressed against the entrance of her forbidden treasure and she pleaded again. "Please, no, no, don't Vanya," she said and tears filled her blue eyes. Held firmly in place by the two strong students, Susan felt the last remaining barrier being broken and although she was repulsed by the filthy act, her internal regions throbbed with excitement. She was now the complete slut. 

 Susan allowed Vanya to fuck her and she even moved her hips to aid in his pleasure. The inferno quickly robbed his remaining stamina and his cock swelled in anticipation. 

 She was disgusted with her open display of obedience and wondered how she would ever tell Jay the truth of what happened. When she came to Kaz's today, she reasoned that she might be persuaded to have sex with him, or even one other, but certainly not every one that was present. 

 A shiver ran through her body as she assisted the out of control cock empty into her deepest regions. She even briefly enjoyed the emotional satisfaction, which rocked his muscular body, and she saw the immense pleasure written on his face. 

 As the fires slowly dwindled in the exchange student, Vanya felt the insistent prodding from Kaz indicating it was time to let Susan go. "It is getting late and you should be going," Kaz whispered to the thoroughly fatigued teacher. In a stupor, Susan somehow found most of her clothes and did her best to put them on. Her body was awash with sweat and other fluids and her clothes sort of clung to her curves. 

 Her mind groggy, she allowed Kaz to bid his good byes and as she stood on the outskirts of the bright lights, she caught sight of the naked bodies. The spectacle of the orgy in full blossom across the room was a sight that shocked Susan as she was getting prepared to depart. With a slight touch of envy, she watched Ron's naked ass pump iron between the crudely, splayed legs of Sandy. Her head rocked back and forth and pleas for him to stop were heard but no one moved to intervene. Susan would remember this scene for a long, long time and it was with jealously, which gave her great embarrassment. 

 Now that the evening was over and it was time to go home, Susan felt the sudden despair of having to face Jay. How was she ever going to explain what happened tonight? Thinking about it, she acted like a total slut all evening as she was fucked and screwed by everyone there. 

 To make matters worse, she had been a willing participant for most of the time and she started to cry when she remembered how she was made to beg. Sandy became her master and had introduced Susan to a side of sex she didn't know existed. Then later, when the order was reversed, Susan became aware of her true feelings for the student lover. 

 Sobs shook her body as she pictured herself being fucked by Sandy with the strap-on cock. Never in her years had she ever been made to plead or beg for anything but tonight she lost all her inhibitions. She allowed Sandy to fuck her repeatedly and then she returned the favor. Visualizing herself sucking and licking Sandy's most beautiful cunt filled her again with shame. She never imagined that a shaved pussy would look so alluring or tempting. 

 To top it all off, she had allowed every man there to fuck her pussy and even permitted Vanya to have anal sex. Jay would never understand how she could succumb and surrender her soul to all these people. Many times he had attempted to have different types of sex with her but she always refused saying that it was immoral. Tonight she performed acts that you would see in any blue, adult movie shown in a triple-X theater. 

 The sobs shook her lithe body all the way home and panic set in once she parked the car in the garage. Staring off into space for a couple of minutes before going in to face Jay, she could not think of an easy way to explain what happened so Jay would forgive her. 

 True, he had wanted her to have sex with another man but this was taking it to the extreme. Looking at her watch, she saw it was already past 11 and how would she ever explain to Jay that she was thoroughly aroused for over six hours? Never in her life had she participated in sex for that length of time and certainly not in an orgy with so many people. Normally, 30 minutes with Jay was more that enough time for their intercourse. 

 With a shrug of her shoulders, Susan went in to face the music. As soon as she saw Jay's excited face, she broke into tears. "Honey, how wonderful. I love you and I am so grateful for you making my fantasy come true," he told her and reached for her shaking body. Hugging her tenderly, Jay whispered, "Come, lets go into the living room and you can tell me all about it," which made her cry even harder with desperation. 

 Jay was not aware of her past indiscretions and his belief that this was the first would have to remain. Somehow she had to be honest with him but still withhold the earlier episodes with Kaz and the others. 

 Feeling Susan's hesitation and reluctance, Jay quickly thought of a way to help her relax and become more comfortable. "I will tell you what. Lets jump into the shower and have a nice, long hot shower to relax," he explained and guided her to the ensuite. 

 Jay watched intently as Susan undressed and prepared for the shower. He never mentioned the things he noticed for fear of upsetting her even more. Things like the buttons ripped off the front of her shear blouse, the two little, red hickies on her neck, the few small welts on her butt, the long red marks down the back of her shoulders, and the fact she was without her panties! His cock was fully erect by now and it was all he could do to resist jumping her bones right then. 

 Susan was aware of Jay's stare but undressed as quickly as possible. Getting into the enclosure, the hot, steamy water felt wonderful. She closed her eyes and let the beads run over her body, which gave a soothing effect to her exhausted muscles. Jay joined her and tenderly massaged her tired body as the hot water performed a miracle. 

 After a few minutes, Susan managed to relax and tilted her head backwards into Jay's body as he held her from behind. She could feel his excitement as his hard cock was straight outward and pressed between her thighs. For several seconds, she allowed him to rub his ramrod along her wet crotch and knew he was trying to slip it between her swollen pussy lips. Obediently, she spread her legs slightly and instantly, he found the target and the heat quickly surrounded his throbbing cock as it lay along her opening. 

 His mind was solely devoted to personal enjoyment and fulfillment so he deftly thrust his hips back and forth. The stubby shaft stoked along Susan's open slit and in a few seconds, she joined his thrusts. Keeping her eyes closed tightly, she allowed her mind to drift off into more pleasant times while her body started the upward travel to ecstasy. 

 The couple held onto each other with true affection and Jay felt the strong urges pulse through his loins. He wanted to hear all about the affair but for the present, he was content to get self-gratification. Reaching around her body, Jay encircled the small tits and cupped them in his hands while his thumbs and forefingers pinched the abused nipples. 

 He was already nearing the boiling point from his vivid fantasies all evening and the hot, steamy shower relaxed Susan enough to enjoy his caresses. The tenderness of her nipples was soothed away and they now yearned for his soft caress. Jay moved back slightly and Susan was very content to allow him to caress her body from behind. It gave her a sense of security in that he couldn't look into her eyes and force her to tell the truth. 

 Suddenly, Jay maneuvered his hips so his cock was perfectly lined up with Susan's delicate pussy and with a little thrust he entered her overheated cavity. She held her breath as he slowly pushed his way deeper and then a strange feeling overwhelmed his mind. The thought of another man's juices filling his wife's cunt and now he was using them for lubrication quickly made him delirious. 

 Faster and faster he began pumping his swelling iron and Susan sensed his urgency. The memories of the evening prevented an immediate rise in her desires but she felt the obligation to respond. Dutifully, she pushed her slender hips back against his pelvis and she did her best to make it enjoyable for Jay. 

 His movements began to get a little uncontrolled and Susan could hear his breathing get more ragged. His passion was soaring to a peak and she wanted desperately to join him in the ecstasy to make amends for the guilt from the previous few hours. Suddenly, her right hand snaked down to her open thighs and instantly closed over the upper portion of her labia. Expertly, her dainty fingers entered the hood and pinched the protruding clitoris, rolling it vigorously. 

 Suddenly she sobbed and her body quivered in fear. It was not from the building lust, but from the images of other fingers turning her body into the new person she became tonight. She felt the hot lava from Jay's loins rush into her deep region and within seconds her hips joined his in uncontrolled lust. The couple was oblivious of the hot jets streaming over their bodies and each was lost in fantasy. Their dreams were of someone other than each other and the orgasms rolled over the crest, both lost in different worlds. 

 The passion and lust slowly subsided in the pair and like shriveled up pretzels, they got out of the shower. They quickly dried their tired bodies and like any married couple, jumped between the sheets. Jay embraced Susan and once she was in his arms, she started rambling off the story of the raunchy evening. 

 Jay just held her tenderly and didn't say a word as he listened intently to every word she whispered. "Honestly, I didn't know they set me up and planned to use my body the whole time. I must have been out of my mind to trust Sandy and Kaz. They forced me to do everything and I really didn't think they would use me like they did," she confessed and couldn't stop talking once she started. She began to sob and her lithe body shook slightly while Jay gave her loving caresses. 

 It felt good to get the truth out in the open and Susan lay in the comfort of Jay's arms, continuing with the sordid details. "When we got to Kaz's, they had the living room set up as a stage, with bright spotlights and all. Honest, I didn't know that Sandy was in on it," she restated her claim of innocence. 

 "She forced me into the hot lights and made me sit on the sofa. Then she sat on my lap and ripped my clothes off," she cried and her body shook a little more. "Every time I put my hands up to stop her, she slapped me hard, which hurt a lot," she told Jay to justify why she allowed Sandy to take control. 

 She felt a reluctance to continue but knew she must as she had already begun to reveal what happened. The exact sequence of events was now lost to her confused mind but not the lustrous details. "She made me get up and take off my pants and even my panties so I was completely naked," she said which brought a heavy sign of pleasure from Jay. He didn't dare say a word and just let her continue. 

 "When I was naked, she pushed me into the sofa and sat on me again. Then she tore off her top and pushed her big, breasts in my face, ordering me to suck them," she whispered with shame. "Oh, you know I have never been with another woman and when she pushed her hard nipples in my mouth, I didn't know what to do," she said in a sorry voice because of the little, white lie. 

 Jay wanted to scream, "So what did you do?" as he was getting thoroughly aroused by this time. Patiently, he waited and soon she continued. The visions of his wife being forced to suck another woman's tits was getting him aroused all over again. 

 "She made me suck her large nipples and she told me over and over again how she was going to fuck me," she said with a sigh. "Then she put her hand on my crotch," and there was a slight pause, "And, and then she put her fingers in my pussy," Susan whispered with anguish and her body shook nonstop. 

 "I tried to stop her but she wouldn't listen. I looked around for one of the others to help me but couldn't see anyone, as the lights were so bright they blinded me," she said. Jay hung on the word 'others' as he now wondered just how many were there. Showing more excitement that he intended, he asked, "How many others were there, honey?" This was getting better all the time and he could hardly contain his enthusiasm. 

 "Besides Sandy and Kaz, there was a couple Ron and Julie, and Ivan and Vanya who are students with Kaz," she told Jay. He wanted her to tell him exactly what Sandy did to her but he also wanted to know what else happened. "Did you have sex with any one else honey?" and Susan felt her stomach tremble with panic. She didn't want to answer but he asked again. "Honey, who else did you have sex with?" and she was afraid to lie. 

 "All of them," she blurted out and held her breath waiting for his response. It was like an echo, "All of them?" he repeated. "Yes, I told you they forced me to do everything and no one did anything to help me get away," she told Jay, hoping the vague response would satisfy his curiosity. 

 Jay made a quick decision to allow Susan to proceed with the complete story and he would attempt to control his emotions. Yes, he wanted his wife to have sex with another man but he really didn't envision sex with so many. He understood that his emotions would be going from anger to joy, from lust to displeasure as he heard about his wife having sex with four men and two women. No, that would be one man and three boys, and one woman and one girl. He shuddered with the realization and vowed to hold his temper while he listened to the whole story. 

 "I am sorry to interrupt you dear, but I really want to hear all that happened," he told her with a soft, caring voice. Feeling his sympathy, she went back to her time with Sandy. 

 "I was so scared and I could hear the others cheering her on, even applauding her when she made me suck her big boobies. Oh, it was so awful," she got back into the tale. Susan was bewildered as to why she elaborated on what it was like to suck Sandy's tits or why she described her boobs to Jay. 

 "Her nipples were so round, so large that they felt like rocks in my mouth. She made me suck them and run my tongue all over her breasts while she talked to me," she explained. "She told me how she was going to fuck me and then she said that she would use her big cock on me," she sobbed. "I didn't know what she meant but she kept telling me, again and again," Susan said in an almost inaudible voice. Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** Susan's Request Ch. 05 ****** bydawn1958© "Then she put her hand on my pussy and pinched my clitoris with her fingers. And you know what that does to me when you pinch my clit? Well she did that and it started to build a fire deep inside of me," she explained. 

 "I thought she was going to make me cum right there, sitting on the sofa in front of all the others. It was so embarrassing! Just as I was going to do it, she stopped and got up to take the rest of her clothes off," she told Jay. He suddenly had the urge to see the attractive woman for himself, but that could come some other time. 

 "She grabbed me and forced me onto the floor with her. Then she made me lie on top of her naked body," she said. "Oh, Jay. She made me kiss her pussy. She made me suck her pussy and she held my face down there for what seemed like forever. After a long time, she had an orgasm and actually climaxed in my mouth," she told her startled husband. 

 "I really didn't mean to do it, make her orgasm like that. It was so dreadful having her do that right in my mouth like that," she said in an attempt to excuse what happened. "Julie told me afterwards, that what I did upset Sandy, and that's why she fucked me with that big strap-on dildo," she said and a shudder raked her body from the memory. Jay pictured his wife getting fucked by another woman, an Amazon woman, with a strap-on cock and his arousal hit an all-time high. 

 "Oh Jay, I have never been fucked so hard and she forced me...," she said and cried. She had to stop talking for a couple of minutes until she regained control of her shaking body. The memory flooded back to her and she felt the ultimate power of the woman. It was true and she hid her face in Jay's chest, as she felt so degraded and guilty. This woman stole her dignity and made her a different person. 

 Jay's cock was so hard it pained him as it throbbed madly from listening to the torrid tale of what happened to his sexy wife. He expected things to happen but certainly nothing this earth shattering. Pressing Susan for further details, he asked, "Did she really fuck you honey?" 

 With slight reluctance, she continued, "Oh yes, she spread my legs and rubbed that big cock over my pussy. She kept pressing it against my clit and wouldn't stop," she whispered and hugged his tense body. "Then she made me put my hand on that fat cock and ordered me to insert it in my pussy. I didn't know how to make her stop so I did what she said," and another whimper shook her body as Jay hung to every word. 

 "She pushed her hips forward and the fat head spread me so wide I could hardly breath," which was the truth. Her head was now swimming with the lust she felt during the raunchy episode with the lesbian lover and Jay's presence was pushed to the back of her mind. 

 "I was so scared she was going to hurt me badly but after a few minutes, she had the big cock fully into my tiny pussy," she said with a sense of accomplishment. "She kept talking to me all the time and kept saying how she was going to make me her lover," she said and remembered the final assault. 

 "Then she squeezed her hand down between our bodies and her strong fingers spread my...my," and Susan paused for a few seconds. "She pinched my pussy, my clit with her fingers and she pulled it so hard I screamed. And then she fucked me with that big thing and wouldn't let go of my clitty until I, I begged her to fuck me," she confessed and felt much better. 

 Now the truth was out, she didn't hold anything back. "She fucked me and called me names. She called me a slut, a lesbian, a bitch and she filled me with that cock. Oh, she pinched my little clitty until I creamed all over her cock. I just kept coming and coming," and a wave of relief washed over her as her husband now knew. 

 Jay held her tight and knew it took a lot of willpower to tell him exactly what happened. Kissing the top of her head as she hugged his body, he waited for more. 

 "She kept kissing me and hugging me until she told Kaz that it was his turn with me," she whispered as the next chapter began. "All I heard was her ordering Kaz to lie on the carpet and that she would make me fuck his cock," she whispered and the guilt returned as she pictured the long cock of her student lover. 

 "Then she ordered me to sit on top of his cock and they both grabbed me as the others cheering him on. Everyone told Kaz to fuck me with his big cock and to stick his big cock in my pussy. The next thing I knew, Sandy and Kaz forced me to sit on his rod and he shoved it in all the way," she explained. "Sandy kept teasing me and she wouldn't stop kissing me, even with her tongue. Oh, how my nipples felt like they would burst, as they were so hard. She kept kissing them and biting them with her sharp teeth," she said with a soft voice. 

 Jay was so eager he couldn't wait and pressed Susan for more details. The images of his wife riding the large cock flashed through his lust filled mind. "How big was his cock? What did it feel like in your cunt?" he asked as his voice shook with excitement. Jay, like most men, was obsessed with size and his mind raced in anticipation. 

 Now Susan fought the dilemma. How could she tell her husband that Kaz had a big cock, much longer and thicker than his own? She shuddered as she visualized the man-sized cock and Sandy forcing her to bury it deep inside her cunt. The burning shaft had caressed and touched every nerve and fiber inside her womanhood as he pumped his weapon up and down with his powerful hips. Susan fought for a way to tell the story. 

 "He, he...," and she paused for another moment trying to find the right words. Oh why had she told him that he had a big cock? 

 "He stuck his cock inside of me and she just helped him and I had trusted her," she repeated and delaying the truth. With a shrug of defeat she conceded that she did not know how to lie. "He was so big, so long that I was scared at first. It felt like he would split me in two as it filled me and took my breath away," she explained. "Then she kissed me right on the lips and kept doing it even though I begged her to stop," she said in an effort to make herself look better. 

 "They both bounced me up and down on the big cock and then she sucked my nipples," she said with a sigh. "Oh yeah, then that man, Ron, came and stuck his hard cock in my mouth and made me suck it," she said with disgust as she remembered the next sequence of events. "He rammed it in and made me choke as I couldn't breath," she said. 

 "It was so awful, they used my body and I was just a fuck toy for them," she explained and the dirty words actually made her feel aroused. "They fucked me and just wouldn't leave me alone and then he, he shot it all in my mouth," she winced with the memory. "He made me swallow his cum and he even called me a slut as he filled my tummy with that vile stuff," she said. 

 "And then Kaz fucked his cum into me too and just kept shooting and shooting it deep inside of me," she whispered in an almost inaudible voice. She could not believe the instant thrill it gave her to be telling her story in such vivid detail and she tried to hide her building desire. 

 Jay's cock was pounding with excitement and he hung to every word. He had tried for years to get her to give him a blowjob and to swallow, but the most she would do was suck his cock for a few seconds. This story inflamed his mind and he was thankful for her loss of inhibitions, even for just one night. 

 He didn't expect to hear any further erotic details but he was wrong. "Then that student came over to me and made me spread my legs for him. He made me lay on the floor and he said all kinds of dirty things to me. He said how he was going to fuck my pussy and how he wanted to fuck my ass," she said and suddenly caught herself just in time. She almost revealed the fact that Ivan had anal sex with her that time in Kaz's apartment a couple of weeks ago. 

 Hurriedly she continued before Jay realized what she said. "I don't know what came over me but I just got so turned on. It felt so good with his cock inside of me that I couldn't stop myself from having an orgasm," she confessed. There, now it was out in the open and she felt better. She just hoped that Jay would understand. No need in telling him how shameful it was to climax with such unbridled fury and how she creamed all over Ivan's big cock. No, no need. 

 She could tell that Jay was rejuvenated and her tale of what happened was making him thoroughly aroused. That did make her feel somewhat better but she knew not to reveal exactly how much of a slut she acted like. The problem now facing her was her intense feelings that were already reaching a plateau, which would turn Susan into that wanton slut. 

 Jay could not believe his ears as he heard how she climaxed not once, but twice and then had sex with two other guys. This was not the Susan he knew but certainly the one he fantasized about. He pressed her for more explicit facts on her erotic orgy. "How did it feel to have this students cock in your pussy and what did it feel like when he came inside of you?" he asked with excitement. 

 Her mind was not working all the clearly now and she would undoubtedly say too much. For some unexplained reason, she could not stop telling the story. She had to reiterate just how good his cock felt and confess to the fact that she got lost in lust. Anyone watching would have seen her reach around the young, muscular body and desperately clutch his tight ass. Frantically, she had pulled his hips into her body in an attempt to satisfy the deep burning inside the core of her womanhood. 

 "He was so big and his cock was so hot. He kept pumping his cock deeper and deeper, and he forced me to fuck his cock," she alleged and felt the deep yearning for him all over again. "My pussy was so hot and he just kept doing it with his big thing," she whispered as her voice displayed the passionate feelings. 

 Then her mind blew a circuit as the visions of Ivan experiencing an orgasm inside her volcano filled her crazed mind. "He blew his cum inside of me and I couldn't stop my orgasm," she voiced her arousal and her body quivered. "He climaxed and I guess it was the things that happened earlier...but I just don't know why it happened," she went on to say. "But I creamed so much and I could feel his cock throbbing so deep inside of me. I just couldn't stop myself," she said and the shame came back to her. There, she said it and the intense guilt filled her mind. 

 Thankfully, Jay was beyond caring and he needed fulfillment right now. Sensing his need, Susan rolled onto her back so he could relieve his animal lust. There was no foreplay needed as he spread her legs wide and slipped his hips between her thighs. Susan arched her back and thrust her pelvis in the air and his aim was true. He split her cunt with such fury that it momentarily took her breath away. Jay began pumping his inflamed cock in and out of Susan's steamy passageway and she quickly joined his passion. 

 The two lovers were more interested in gaining self-gratification than in pleasing the other, but that worked out for the best. Both bodies were covered in sweat and they were lost in each other's arms. Their lovemaking was satisfying and they clung to each other long after the climaxes were finished. 

 Jay and Susan were very exhausted by this time, especially Susan who had gone through a lot in one evening. She drifted into dreamland and her mind was peaceful for the time being. Jay was still intensely curious as to what happened during the time at Kaz's but was content to sleep on it for now. 

 THE END OF PART 5 

 Please email me any suggestions or comments as I always appreciate hearing from readers. This chapter was extremely harder to complete with so many participants and I hope it flows okay. To Susan, I hope you like what has happened to you and these fantasies fill you with excitement. Report_Story 