#1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher ****** bysadkins116© This is my first attempt at writing a erotic story. I would appreciate any feedback you could provide. I would like to thank HMAuthor for her help in editing and making the story readable. I have other chapters but will wait till I get some feedback before submitting them. 

 Chapter 1: The Condo 

 Sandy Hauser was sitting poolside on a condo lounge chair soaking in the warm Mexican sun, as she enjoyed the beginning of her getaway vacation. Beside her was Dawn Reynolds. Sandy and Dawn had been best friends since they first met at college. It was as if they were destined to be soul mates. Sandy was twenty- five years old, blond, five-foot-six, very pretty with a complexion that glowed. Her long legs flowed into a perfect ass, which Sandy thought was her best feature, complimented by her moderate 34C breasts. She was reserved when in unfamiliar situations and didn't open up or show her emotions easily. Always an overachiever she had trouble letting loose and enjoying life. 

 Dawn on the other hand was a petit fireball, also twenty-five, with straight dark-brown hair down to the middle of her back. Although only five-foot-two her personality was much larger. She had a dark complexion, trim waist and magnificent 34D breasts, which with her small stature seemed larger. Dawn was perfect for Sandy. Being outgoing and adventuresome she pushed Sandy to open up and enjoy life. And that is exactly why Sandy loved her. 

 They had come down to Mexico to reconnect and relax before the start of the new school year. Both Sandy and Dawn were schoolteachers, Sandy taught twelfth grade English and coached volleyball, while Dawn taught eleventh grade Math. 

 Sandy sipped her cocktail, looked around the pool then started to doze off. In that dream state between consciousness and slumber she reminisced back to college when she first met Dawn. Both were education majors and met at the state university the start of their sophomore year. Sandy was in the administration office trying to arrange for a new roommate. Her current roommate had suddenly dropped out because of a family emergency. While still trying to work something out she saw Dawn walk into the office. Dawn couldn't stand her room or roommate and wanted a change. It seemed like destiny. Dawn was vivacious and Sandy was taken with her humor and outlook on life. They were inseparable for the rest of their college years. 

 Sandy stirred and looked at Dawn. The sight of her lying next to her on the lounge in her bikini brought back memories from the spring semester of that first year as roommates. Dawn had rushed into their room full of enthusiasm. The midterms were over and it was time to let go. Sandy was reading at her desk when Dawn said, "Okay girlfriend, close that book and let's go. We need to get drunk and maybe even laid." Sandy looked at her friend and laughed. It was going to be one of those nights. Sandy wasn't always comfortable going out cruising bars but always enjoyed being Dawn's wingman. 

 Both ladies quickly started going through their closets looking for the perfect outfits. Dawn had on a short denim skirt with a scoop neck sweater that buttoned down the front, showing lots of cleavage, and four-inch strappy heels. Sandy on the other hand had on a pair of jeans and a tee shirt. When Dawn saw her she immediately screamed, "That just won't do girl! You aren't going anywhere looking like that." She then grabbed the bottom of the tee shirt and quickly pulled it over Sandy's head. Then before she could do anything Dawn pushed her down on her bed and pulled off her jeans. When Sandy started to complain Dawn quickly started to tickle her until Sandy surrendered laughing uncontrollably in just her bra and panties. But Dawn wasn't done yet; she looked at Sandy's underwear and exclaimed, "Where do you buy your lingerie? Goodwill? Those look like Granny panties. Just for that you are going commando tonight!" She quickly rolled Sandy over and unhooked her bra and pulled down her panties, leaving Sandy naked on her bed. Sandy was mortified, although she had been naked in front of Dawn before, she had never been stripped by anyone. And now she was lying on the bed naked, with Dawn almost on top of her. Sandy had never been dominated like this and was confused as she felt a tingling down below and realized she was very aroused. Her pussy was becoming very wet and leaking down the crack of her ass. She didn't think she had ever been this aroused. 

 Dawn went to her own closet to pick out an outfit for Sandy to wear. She selected a very short skirt and crop top. She tossed them to Sandy and ordered "Put those on before I change my mind and pick out something even more revealing." Sandy quickly did as she was told and dressed in the outfit Dawn provided her. Sandy didn't understand why being dominated by her friend turned her on so, but couldn't bring herself to resist her roommate. 

 Dawn then went to Sandy's closet and picked out her highest heels and tossed them to Sandy ordering her to put them on and follow her out the door. Quickly putting on the heels Sandy followed like a puppy following its master. 

 Sandy peeked at Dawn lying next to her still sunning herself, snoring lightly. She was getting aroused as she remembered that night. Her pussy was soaking wet as she relived how Dawn had dominated her that entire evening. Sandy slowly slid her hand down her stomach and into her bikini bottom and started to stroke her clit. Her breathing quickened as she continued to recall that evening so long ago. 

 Sandy quickly caught up with Dawn as she was strutting down the dorm hallway. Sandy had never gone out in public without underwear before. In fact she rarely went without underwear even at home alone. Now she was walking thru the dorm in an impossibly short skirt that barely covered her ass and a crop top that came down just below her breasts. Her nipples were hard as rocks and were threatening to poke holes in the light fabric. Her pussy was positively soaking and starting to leak down her legs. She was so excited she was shaking. 

 As she was about to turn around and head back to the room, Dawn stopped, turned round, reached up and grabbing Sandy's nipples saying, "Tonight you will do exactly as I say, no questions asked. If you disobey I will spank your ass till you can't sit down for days! Tonight we are going to loosen you up." 

 Sandy yelped as the pain from Dawn pinching her nipples spread thru her body and straight to her pussy, increasing her arousal to new heights. All thought of returning to their dorm room vanished. Dawn then leaned in to Sandy's ear and whispered, "Don't worry honey, I'll keep you safe. I won't let anything happen to you that you don't want. Just be a good girl and do what you're told. You are about to know what it's like to let go." 

 With Dawn's assurances Sandy relaxed and decided to go with the flow. Trusting her sexy roommate to take care of her and keep her safe. The tension in the air evaporated and both young women started to giggle as they continued down the hall and out the door. 

 Although Sandy had never dressed like this in private before, let alone out in public, she felt liberated as she subconsciously removed her guilty feelings since she was only doing what she was being told. Unknowingly she sank deeper into submission to her dominant roommate. 

 As they arrived on High Street, which bordered the campus, the pubs that lined the street were already packed with students all partying, celebrating the end of midterms. Walking down the street Dawn grabbed Sandy's hand and pulled her into the first pub. The pub was a converted house, with a porch lined with coeds dressed to impress and jocks showing their abs. Sandy calmed a bit as she realized that her clothes fit right in with all the other girls. Looking at the boys in her aroused state all she could think of was sex as she looked at their crotches. She wasn't alone. Dawn nudged her and pointed out one particular jock that had a massive bulge in his shorts. He of course had several coeds hanging all over him. 

 Once they were in the pub, Dawn grabbed Sandy's ass and said, "Wait here I'll be right back." She quickly went to the bar and returned with four Jell- O shots. She handed two of them to Sandy and said, "Down the hatch." And so it started, a whirlwind of shots, dances, groping and flirting. Three hours later both were very loaded, but had not found any viable candidates to take back to their room. 

 Sandy stirred from her daydream; her fingers were now working faster on her clit as she was nearing her climax. Sandy looked over again at Dawn and pushed two fingers into her honeypot and moaned as she became increasingly aroused. Her other hand slid up to her top, under the small bikini top pinching her nipple. She closed her eyes and continued her thoughts about that night. 

 Both women were very drunk as they staggered back to their room. It was very late and very few people were around. Sandy remembered how Dawn started to order her to do things as they crossed campus. Things like pulling her top up to her neck and walk across campus with her tits exposed. She couldn't believe she was letting herself be dominated but the thought of being spanked convinced her to follow orders. Sandy remembered how it felt following each order, as each time she did so her excitement increased tenfold. 

 As they neared their dorm they approached a small grove of trees. Sandy gasped as Dawn grabbed her skirt and pulled it up to her waist. Exposing her, cunt and all, to the world as well as her tits. She was now standing amongst the trees, effectively naked. Dawn walked around her prey and removed her belt, made a loop and slipped it around Sandy's neck. Sandy almost came when Dawn ordered her to drop to her knees and crawl after her, almost naked and being led with a makeshift leash., 

 Sandy was furiously pumping her cunt as she recalled her submission to her roommate. She didn't care that she was poolside at a condo complex. All that mattered was the approaching orgasm. 

 Sandy looked up into the Dawn's eyes from her knees and saw a look of lust she would never forget. She watched as Dawn walked behind her and stroked her ass and pussy with her fingers. The touch was electrifying sending chills up her spine to her brain ceasing all thoughts of resistance. The first smack of the belt on her ass caused a moan from deep within as she almost climaxed right there in the trees on her knees, virtually naked. The next memory was Dawn telling her to stand and cover herself. She was almost having an out of body experience. She could see herself slowly standing and pulling down her top and skirt. As she started to remove the makeshift leash she was order to leave it. Dawn then quickly walked off heading for the dorm with Sandy following closely behind humiliated at wearing a leash and both legs soaking wet down to her knees from her dripping cunt. 

 Luckily they didn't pass anyone as they entered the dorm and made it to their room. However just as they got within twenty yards from the door, Dawn turned to her and said, "Strip slut I want you to crawl naked the rest of the way to the room." 

 Sandy remembered the fear of the potential humiliation; of crawling naked in the hall of her dorm, being led on a leash by her roommate. As those memories flowed thru her brain an orgasm consumed her body, curling her toes and soaking her hand buried deep in her cunt. As she came down from her orgasmic high she opened her eyes and realized where she was and climaxed again. She wondered if she could resist submitting to Dawn while working at the same school. This would be a very exciting year she thought. 

 Sandy quickly removed her hands and fixed her bikini and brought her fingers to her mouth and licked her juices from her fingers. Looking around the pool she was relieved no one was around to have seen her masturbate. Dawn was still sleeping as Sandy recalled how she ended up where she was and how it came about. 

 Chapter 2: After College 

 The last two years had been a rollercoaster ride to say the least. After they graduated both found jobs quickly, but not anywhere close to each other. They remained close however, calling every week or so, filling each other in how they were doing. They also visited during the breaks when they could. Always with Dawn dominating Sandy and pushing her limits whenever they were together. 

 Sandy started working at a prestigious private girl's school in Pennsylvania. Dawn however found a job at a public school in Indiana. That school system was not as prestigious and was more inner city than suburban but had a nice mix of students from all backgrounds and financial means. That was a couple of years ago. 

 The first year things went well for both of them. Sandy became an assistant coach for the volleyball team and taught English. Dawn was teaching Math. Both were adjusting well in their new jobs and were well liked at their schools. At the start of their second year Sandy had some problems with some girls on the team. In particular, two seniors who were the queen bees of the school and thought they didn't have to work in class. Heather and Monica, both had just turned eighteen, were the two best players on the team and both were in Sandy's English class. Sandy had several problems with the two Divas, as she called them, and finally had to threaten to sit them out if they didn't start doing their classwork. Things finally came to a head near the end of the season when Sandy insisted the head coach bench the two stars. 

 Heather and Monica were furious and vowed to get back at Miss Hauser. They quickly went to work on a plan to bring their teacher down. After about a week everything was set. The Divas had enlisted the help of one of the other senior teammates. One must understand these two young women controlled everyone on the team. If you crossed one you were doomed to humiliation, one way or another, in front of the whole school. All the team members were scared to death of the divas. Their plan was to get some compromising pictures of Miss Hauser, use them to humiliate her and get her fired. 

 One day after practice Sandy was walking thru the girls' locker room and heard someone crying. When she got to the shower she found Susan, another senior who was also eighteen. She was sitting naked and crying in the corner of the large shower room. Unbeknownst to Sandy it was a setup. Heather and Monica had hidden cameras around the locker room to get pictures and videos of Sandy in a compromising position. When Sandy ran over to Susan to comfort her and find out what was wrong the trap was set. Sandy helped the naked Susan up and took her to her locker and tried to find out what had happened. As they stood at the locker she had her arm around the crying young lady and was trying to get her to tell her what had happened. Susan, suddenly turned and looked at Sandy, reached around her, pulled her to her naked body and kissed her deeply. Sandy was so stunned she didn't know what to do. She was so caught off guard, and just a little bit aroused she froze. Susan took Sandy's hands and placed one on her tit and pulled the other onto her bush. When Sandy realized what was happening she tried to pull away but Susan, who was almost six-foot tall, overpowered her and held her close and kissed her again. Sandy, after being dominated for the last couple of years by Dawn, melted and returned the kiss. Suddenly Susan screamed and slapped Sandy's face and grabbed her clothes and ran out of the locker room. Sandy was confused, aroused, and scared. She knew this was bad but she didn't know what to do. 

 The next day Heather and Monica confidently walked into Sandy's classroom and closed the door behind them. Sandy was sitting at her desk gathering her things to go home. She heard the Divas enter and looked at them with apprehension. It was not normal for these two to stay after school, and certainly not normal to visit her room. The girls walked up to the nervous teacher and Monica said, "Miss Hauser, we have a problem." 

 Sandy looked at her and asked, "What are you talking about Monica?" 

 Monica looked over to Heather and smiled a confident smile, then looked back at Sandy and said, "It appears that we have a teacher that can't keep her hands off the students." 

 Sandy tried to show no emotion but she was sure it was about the locker room incident. She replied, "What do you mean?" 

 Monica reached into her notebook and pulled out an envelope and tossed it onto Sandy's desk. Sandy slowly picked up the envelope and pulled out the pictures. She gasped as the first picture clearly showed her with her arm around the naked Susan. The next one had them kissing, and the one after showed her with her hands on Susan's tit and crotch. She quickly shoved the picture back in the envelope and looked at the two smiling Divas. 

 Sandy didn't know what to do; she slumped into her chair and asked, "What do you want? I don't have much money." 

 Monica simply said, "Revenge bitch! You are about to learn what it's like to fuck with us. Here is what's going to happen slut, you are going to get out of your chair and crawl over to us and beg for us to forgive you. If you hesitate or refuse it will only get worse for you." 

 Sandy couldn't believe what she was hearing. She looked at the Divas and said in a very quiet voice, "Please don't do this. You know nothing happened. Susan took advantage of me not the other way around." 

 Monica just smiled an evil smile and reached across the desk and smacked the teacher across the face. She then said, "You either do as we say or our next stop is the principal's office and you are out of a job and possibly in jail." 

 Sandy slowly moved from her chair to her knees and started to crawl to the girls, but as soon as she hit the floor Heather shouted, "You didn't do as instructed so now you have to do it naked. You have 30 seconds to get naked and over here begging or we're out of here." 

 Sandy had a look of panic on her face and rapidly removed her clothes. Monica laughed and started counting down the time, "twenty seconds; fifteen seconds." Sandy realized she wouldn't have enough time taking her clothes off normally and started to rip her pants and panties off. She grabbed her blouse and ripped the front open sending buttons all over the room. "Ten seconds; five seconds." 

 Sandy was sitting on her ass trying to get her panty hose off but now her legs were now trapped with her pants, panties and pantyhose around her ankles. "Time's up slut," said Heather as her and Monica started for the door. 

 Sandy shouted and crawled as fast as she could to catch up to the dominating bitches that controlled her future. "PLEASE WAIT, I'M SORRY FOR HAVING YOU SUSPENDED FROM THE TEAM! PLEASE FORGIVE ME!" 

 As the defeated teacher cowered at their feet and sobbed, Monica and Heather looked at each other and gave a high five as they knew they had won a major victory. When they had originally walked into the room all they were planning was to have the high and mighty Miss Hauser begging for their forgiveness. But that had now changed. Their teacher was now cowering naked at their feet. The feeling of power washed over them and without saying a word each now knew they were going to see how far they could push the slut before they had her fired. 

 "OK slut, bend down and lick our shoes off, and don't forget the soles." 

 Sandy couldn't believe her ears. The thought of licking their shoes was revolting but she couldn't let them go to the principle. So she slowly lowered her head and began to lick Monica's shoes. Starting on the top and working her way around to the bottom as Monica raised her foot to let her lick the bottom. Heather and Monica were laughing so hard watching what was happening all the while calling their defeated teacher all kinds of vile names. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher ****** bysadkins116© Sandy continued to lick Monica shoes and didn't notice Heather gathering up her discarded clothes and putting them in her backpack. After about ten minutes Sandy moved over to Heather who was now sitting at Sandy's desk. As Sandy approached, Heather raised her foot and placed the sole directly on Sandy's face. "Better do a good job slut!" 

 Sandy couldn't believe what was happening. Here she was naked, licking the shoes of her students. But what was confusing her more was her body. She was aroused, not just slightly aroused but her whole body was excited. Her nipples we hard and sticking out from her tits like bullets. Her pussy was drenched and her juices were starting to drip down on the floor. Beneath her, below her pussy there was an ever-growing puddle. Monica standing behind the naked teacher noticed the puddle and called out to her accomplice, "this slut is getting off on licking our shoes. She's dripping all over the floor!" 

 Sandy, humiliated when the two dominating students noticed her arousal, turned bright red down to her tits. Right now she wanted to crawl into a hole. She was also afraid of what else they would make her do and when this would all stop. 

 The two Divas were not lesbians and certainly wouldn't do anything sexual in front of each other, even though they both were very aroused. Heather looked down at Sandy and said, "Okay, stop with the licking slut. Now I want you to lick your nasty juices off the floor and stand up. Sandy slowly dropped her head and did as told although she didn't think it was possible to be any more humiliated she was wrong. 

 Sandy stood up when finished and looked around for her clothes. Heather smiled at her and said, "I have your clothes bitch. We are leaving now and I am taking your clothes with me. You will find them at the end of the hall in the boy's bathroom. When you arrive tomorrow at school you are to wear a short skirt a tight button-up blouse and spike heels and nothing else. Do you understand slut?" Sandy nodded and wondered how she was going to get her clothes without being seen. Heather then told Sandy, "Wait fifteen minutes before leaving the room to retrieve your clothes. Also shave that hairy bush. I want you hairless from now on." 

 The girls quickly grabbed their backpacks and left the room. As they were walking down the hallway Monica looked at Heather and said, "I thought we were going to the principle tomorrow? Has our plan changed?" 

 "No, I just want her dressed like a slut when she is called into the office." Both girls laughed and tossed Sandy's clothes into the trash can in the boy's room. 

 Sandy knew she had to get ahead of the problem. If she didn't she would end up in jail. As she opened the door and peaked down the hallway to see if there was anyone, she was surprised to see Susan walking down the hall. Sandy pulled back into the doorway and waited till Susan reached her door. Just as she got there Sandy rushed out and grabbed the surprised senior and pulled her into her room. 

 

 Susan couldn't believe her eyes as she looked at the naked teacher. "What is going on Miss Hauser? Why are you naked? What do you want? I'm not that way. Monica and Heather made me do that to you last week," Susan exclaimed. Susan was talking so fast Sandy couldn't respond, so she waited till Susan took a breath to answer her questions. 

 "Susan, I am being blackmailed by those same two bitches that made you trap me last week. They made me do things and took my clothes. They left my clothes in the boy's room at the end of the hallway. We can't let this get any further. We need to stop this madness. Will you help me?" Sandy pleaded. 

 Susan didn't want to get caught up in this mess. She knew that if they brought Miss Hauser down it was her also in the pictures and she would be ruined also. "What do you have in mind?" Susan asked. 

 "Tomorrow we go to the principle and bring those two sluts down. He won't want those pictures released any more than we do. It would be very bad for the school if anything about this is made public. If we do a preemptive strike with your corroboration they won't have anything to blackmail me with and they will expel the two of them." 

 Susan looked at the scared and naked teacher and nodded. "Okay Miss Hauser, I'll do it." Sandy breathed a sigh of relief as she now had a way out of her problem. Sandy looked at Susan, leaned over and kissed her on the cheek and whispered, "Thank you very much. If ever I can do anything for you just let me know. Could I ask you one more favor? Would you go down to the boy's room and get my clothes?" 

 Susan looked at the naked teacher and smiled, "Sure Miss Hauser." Sandy smiled back and said "I think that now we have seen each other naked you can call me Sandy. We don't have much to hide anymore." 

 The next day Sandy and Susan showed up at the principal's office at seven thirty. After an hour-long meeting the two Divas were called to the office and expelled. 

 Although Sandy finished the year, she was let go at the end of the year with no recommendation from the school. The Principal managed to quash the pictures and the potential scandal but didn't want to risk the incident becoming public and decided to force Sandy out. 

 With no references finding another teaching job was tough. No school system wanted to take a chance because of her leaving under mysterious circumstances. Lucky for her, Dawn talked to her principle and was able to get her a job in her school. It was quite a step down from the girl's school but she would be teaching and could rebuild her reputation. Let alone pay back all her student loans. 

 Now that Sandy had a job at the same school, both were looking forward to working together and the start of the new school year. Both were very excited to be working in the same building let alone the same city. Sandy had moved into her own apartment close to Dawn, as Dawn now had a boyfriend who lived with her. To Sandy, it seemed that everything that had happened over the last year was finally behind her and she was looking forward to the next chapter in her life. That was when Dawn suggested they go to Mexico to relax and reconnect before the school year started. 

 Chapter 3: Present Day 

 The two beautiful young women were staying at the condo on the west coast of Mexico. It was owned by one of the few well-to-do families who had kids attending their school. Dawn had worked closely with both the Mother and Father on several projects over the last year or so, and they offered to let Dawn and her friend stay there while they were in Mexico. Dawn was a little apprehensive about taking the offer, she had heard rumors about the family but they had always been nice to her. She knew that the time away would be good for her friend and they could not afford anything like this on their salaries. So she accepted and thanked them profusely. Little did she know they had ulterior motives? 

 Juan and Christina Martinez had two daughters in the school. Anita and Suzanna were twins and about to enter their senior year. They were both very pretty and at the top of the school social network. Due to their parents financial and social standing the girls wanted for nothing. When you looked at the two young women you couldn't tell them apart, both had long dark brown hair that fell to the middle of their backs. They each stood five-foot-eight tall and weighed about one hundred and twenty pounds. Each had a set of tits that, while not huge, were a comfortable 34D and dressed to show off their near perfect bodies. This, coupled with the BMW's each drove, had most of the student population eager to do whatever the girls wanted just to be around them. However, both of the young women, who had just turned eighteen had personalities that firmly put them in the bitch category. The only time they were nice to someone was when they wanted something. Otherwise they pummeled anyone who got in their way, boys and girls alike. They used and abused everyone that they considered below them, which was just about everyone in the school, including teachers and staff. 

 Juan and Christina were very active in the community, flaunting their wealth and often using it to curry favor from anyone, and using their money and power to intimidate anyone who got in their way. Over the years they had accumulated enough information and dirt on anyone in power that they could get away with just about anything. Both parents enjoyed a very different sexual lifestyle, using their power to have several men and women to use in any way they wanted. They even had the Mayor, Police Chief and their wives firmly under control and regularly used them all in sexually abusive and humiliating ways. Now that their daughters were of age, Christina talked to Juan about enslaving the very pretty Dawn and giving her to their daughters as their very own sex slave teacher for their senior year. Having Dawn stay at the condo was the first step. Dawn having her beautiful friend and fellow teacher staying with her was just a bonus. Getting two for the price of one, now each could have a slave of their own. When Dawn came by to pick up the keys, Christina was ecstatic when she saw Sandy for the first time. She could hardly wait for the week to end and the trap to be sprung. 

 Sandy looked over to her friend sleeping next to her at the pool. She leaned over and gently nudged Dawn to awaken her. "Dawn honey, wake up! You don't want to burn." Dawn yawned and looked over at her friend, smiled and said "Sure sexy, whatever you say." Both women sat there for a few minutes when Dawn suddenly sat up, looked at her friend with a mischievous look in her eyes and announced "We are going to let loose tonight. We are going to light up this sleepy little town. It's going to be a night you're going to remember for a long time." 

 Sandy giggled and looked at her friend. She knew just from the look in her eyes that Dawn was going to take control and her pussy, already soaked from her orgasm was again becoming aroused and leaking even more. Dawn jumped up; grabbed Sandy's hand pulled her up and almost dragged her to their condo. Once inside she shoved Sandy against the wall and molested her tits with her hands. She quickly removed her top and started to kiss her way down her neck to Sandy's nipples. Sandy couldn't resist her dominate friend and melted into the wall. Dawn smiled at her submissive friend, pinched her nipples harder and harder till Sandy cried out in pain, the pain shooting down her chest straight to her dripping cunt as Dawn leaned in and kissed her deeply. 

 Dawn released Sandy's tits, looked at her friend and told her, "We are going out to a pub that the Martinez told me about and getting drunk and get some studs to fuck our brains out." 

 Sandy gasped as she remembered other times when Dawn took charge like this at college. Now that they were in another country where there was no way anyone could possibly know them who knew what she was going to make her do. The thought sent shivers up and down her spine thru her ass and straight to her cunt. 

 Dawn quickly stripped out of her bikini and told Sandy to strip. "Let's take a shower and get ready to go out." Both young women quickly ran to their rooms to clean up and get dressed to impress. 

 Dawn remembered what Christina had told her as they were discussing the upcoming vacation. It was a couple of days before they were to leave. Dawn had stopped by to pick up the keys. Christina looked at the pretty teacher and said, "Dawn, you can do almost anything you want down there. It is a great place to let go and not have to worry about anything. My favorite place to go is a dance club called the Neon Sandal. Ask for Jesus at the door; tell them you are our guests. He will take very good care of you. Just tell him what you want. He can get you anything you desire." 

 Dawn remembered that and was going to fully take advantage of that as she was getting dressed. When she left her room she was wearing a skin tight strapless red spandex dress that extended only a couple of inches below her ass with a matching pair of red six-inch spike stiletto shoes. The dress was so tight it was impossible to wear anything under it. 

 As Sandy walked out of her room Dawn gasped, she had on a little black dress, with the emphasis on little. It had a halter top, with a cutout below her breasts. The back plunged down so low it almost reached her ass. It ended just a few inches below her ass. Although it was not tight like Dawn's dress it left little to the imagination. Sandy topped off her outfit with a pair of six-inch strappy sandals. Looking at the two women it was very obvious that they were on the prowl. 

 Dawn called the number that Christina gave her for a car service and off they went for a night of partying. 

 When they arrived at the club, Dawn asked for Jesus and when she mentioned Christina's name the doorman quickly escorted them inside and called someone on his radio. A couple of minutes later Jesus showed up and both women gasped, he was gorgeous. He stood about six-foot-four, dark hair and complexion, about two hundred pounds with a strong upper body and dressed like a million dollars. He smiled and took the ladies under his arms like they were his long lost loves. Jesus escorted them into the VIP section of the club and told the hostesses that they were to provide anything the ladies wanted. 

 Sandy was very impressed. Here they were in a very high-end dance club being treated like celebrities. The men and women in the club were all beautiful, all dressed very sexy and with the thumping music both ladies were soon dancing and enjoying themselves. After about three hours of steady drinking, dancing, flirting and a little bit of some recreational drugs, Sandy and Dawn were very horny and ready to fuck just about anything on two legs. Jesus then made his move. He quietly had a couple of studs start moving the ladies to a less crowded part of the bar. Both ladies were very drunk and didn't notice that they were now in a different room with two very hot hunks. As the men toasted the women they didn't notice the slight aftertaste in the drink. A couple of minutes later Dawn and Sandy were no longer aware of what they were doing. They weren't passed out, but they didn't know what was happening. 

 Jesus then had the women taken to a car and driven down the road to a house on the other side of town. When they got there they were carried into the house and to a bedroom down the hall. Once inside, both were stripped and each placed on a bed. Dawn looked at Sandy but couldn't understand what was happening. She watched as two men grabbed Sandy's legs, spreading them wide as a third stepped in and entered her friend. She watched as he started to pummel her cunt while another man stepped up to her head and forced his cock into her mouth. 

 Dawn's attention was soon drawn back to her own body as her own legs were spread and someone entered her and started fucking her cunt. As she felt the large cock move inside her, she felt her cunt start grabbing the cock as her body started to respond to the fucking. Soon another cock was at her mouth and being forced down her throat. After that she only remembered a series of cocks spewing their seed all over her body. Both Dawn and Sandy passed out naked in the strange room. 

 BANG. Sandy woke with a start, her head was spinning and she had a massive headache. Then two pairs of strong arms grabbed her from the twin bed where she had been sleeping. Sandy then realized she was naked and seemed to be covered with something crusty. Her right eye seemed to be glued shut and her mouth tasted like cum. As she looked over at Dawn she watched as two other uniformed men grabbed her from the twin bed she was on and jerked her upright. Dawn was also naked and had what also appeared to be dried cum all over her face and body. Sandy also noticed that Dawn had several hickeys around her tits, neck and around her pussy. The two men holding Sandy took her arms and quickly cuffed her hands behind her back. The other men did the same to Dawn. 

 As Sandy's head cleared, she realized that the men were police officers and the room she was in appeared to be a teenage boy's room. As she started to panic, a Mexican woman ran into the room shouting at the two naked women. When she got to Sandy she raised her hand and slapped Sandy across the face. She was screaming to her holding a couple of pictures of two young boys. Sandy grasped the situation; here they were in some strange boy's bedroom, naked, covered in cum, and in custody of the police. Sandy broke down crying not able to understand how this had happened. The last thing she could remember was dancing at the club with Dawn and a couple of local men and drinking some cocktails. Little did she know it was all a set-up. 

 One of the officers pushed the woman out the door as the other officer led Sandy and Dawn outside the house, naked, into two police cruisers parked on the street. 

 The trip to the police station took a few minutes, while on the way Sandy asked, "May I have something to wear?" The officer scowled and said "You American sluts think you can come down here and do anything you want and get away with it. We take pedophiles seriously down here. You get nothing!" 

 Once they arrived at the station, the women were escorted thru the door into a large room. Inside the room were several men and a few women officers. All stopped what they were doing as the women were taken thru a door to a hallway lined with cells. The slut's handcuffs were removed and they were shoved into a cell. Dawn with a panicked look on her face ran over to Sandy and hugged her whispering in here ear, "what is going to happen to us?" Sandy looked at her friend and said, "I don't know." Both then held onto each other and cried. 

 After a while, Sandy looked around the cell. It had a cement bed with no mattress, a sink and a toilet with no seat. She turned on the sink to clean up but the water that came out was a dark brown and she decided to stay as she was. 

 Meanwhile in the Police Chief's office Hector Martinez picked up the phone and called his cousin in Indiana. Christina answered the phone and listened as Hector told her that the deed was done. She smiled and nodded to her husband. She then told Hector, "You know what to do. Tell me when they are on their way." 

 Hector told her he would and hung up the phone. He then pushed the intercom and told his assistant to bring the first slut to the interview room. 

 Both women were now sitting on the bed trying to stay covered as best as they could when the door opened. In walked a large burley man with a chain in his hand. He walked over to their cell and pointed at Sandy and said, "You slut, get up and walk over to the door and drop to your knees." 

 Sandy slowly got up and walked to the cell door and dropped to her knees. The officer opened the door and buckled a collar around her neck, attached a leash and pulled Sandy out the door. Sandy started to get up but he smacked her across the face and demanded, "Crawl slut." Sandy dropped back to her knees and crawled after the officer out the door into the main room. Sandy was never so humiliated in all her life. Here she was crawling, naked, covered in cum thru a police station in front of fifteen or twenty strange officers and into an interview room. Sandy couldn't believe her body. This was probably the worst experience of her life and her pussy was getting wet and aroused. Not just a little aroused; she was dripping wet. Her nipples were sticking out from her tits like bullets. What was wrong with her, how could this excite her? As her confusion mounted her arousal increased. 

 When Sandy crawled thru the door to the interview room there was a large barrel chested disgusting man seated at a table. When the officer closed the door behind her Sandy was suddenly alone with this gross man who smelled and had the most disgusting set of teeth she had ever seen. There were several missing and what was left was a dark brown color. When he looked down at Sandy she knew this wasn't going to go well. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher ****** bysadkins116© Hector Martinez grabbed Sandy's leash and pulled her over to where she was kneeling at his feet. He then told her, "Slut, you have two choices. One, you can beg to do whatever we want and go home soon, or two, crawl back to the cell and be transferred down to the state prison and spend the next several years in jail. It's your choice. What's it going to be slut?" 

 Sandy gasped. What choice was that? She slowly lowered her head and whispered, "Please use me as you wish." 

 Hector smiled and said, "I CAN'T HEAR YOU SLUT. YOU BETTER BEG LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT." 

 Sandy turned a deep shade of red and started to beg, "please sir, make me your slut; please use all my holes in any way that pleases you sir. Please fuck my face and cum in my ass. I will do anything to please you sir." 

 Hector just smiled. "Crawl over here and take my cock out and suck me dry slut." With tears running down her face she crawled the few feet and opened his trousers and pulled out his cock. When she finally got it out of his trousers the smell almost made her vomit. It smelled like he hadn't bathed in days, with a distinct smell of urine. Hector yelled, "get on with it bitch!" 

 Sandy slowly stuck out her tongue and started to lick the gross smelling cock, trying hard not to retch. As she worked her way down the cock to the base, Hector told her, "keep going on down and lick my nuts too and don't forget to suck them." Sandy continued to lick his ball sack and finally sucking first one then the other ball into her mouth. After a few minutes Hector grabbed her hair and pulled her up to his cock and shoved it into her mouth. 

 "You better get it all down your throat or it's to the state you go slut." Sandy needed no further motivation. She quickly got to work on the cock taking it with enthusiasm into her mouth until her nose was pushed up against his smelly pubes. Hector smiled and grabbed her head and started to fuck her face with reckless abandon. Soon Sandy could feel his cock growing and knew it wouldn't be long till he spewed his seed down her throat. Almost immediately Hector groaned and held her head against his groin and shot his cum down her throat, only pulling back after the first few volleys to shoot his load across her face. When he was finished, he took her hair and cleaned the remaining cum from his cock and pushed her away. 

 "Well done slut, you might get out of here even sooner if you keep performing like that." He laughed and pushed the intercom button. When his assistant answered he bellowed, "Bring me the other slut and pass this one around the room. Remember no permanent marks but you can use any hole you want." 

 Sandy slumped to the floor. After last night she wasn't sure she could handle being gangbanged again but what choice did she have. A couple of minutes later the same man that brought her into the room led Dawn crawling in on a leash and grabbed her leash and dragged her out of the room into the large common area where there were several men waiting to fuck her. 

 As Sandy entered the large room she looked around and watched as men began to line up to take their turns. She was led over to a table and was told to lie down on top of it. Her head was just over one edge with her mouth lined up with her throat, and her ass on the other edge. Before she could do anything one of the officers with his cock in hand stepped up and shoved it roughly into her pussy. Sandy screamed as she wasn't ready for such an assault. However her scream was cut short as another officer shoved his cock into her mouth. Both men started pumping and Sandy, despite the rough treatment started to get aroused. Just as the two men were about to climax, Sandy noticed that Dawn was dropped down next to her on the table. Soon there were four lines one for each of the two young women's holes. 

 Sandy just zoned out. She didn't really feel anything as she and Dawn were raped repeatedly by the entire police force. 

 Sandy didn't know how long it lasted; in spite of herself she had climaxed several times. Now her and Dawn were picked up and carried back to the cell and laid on the cement cot. Both we covered in cum and they were very sore. Both women fell into a deep sleep that lasted for several hours. 

 The next morning a female officer awakened the young women. She opened the cell door and ordered the women out of the cell and out the back door of the station. Once outside she took a hose and hosed off the women with cold water. Even though the water was very cold, it felt wonderful as, for the first time in two days, they were able to get all the cum off their bodies. After the bath the woman escorted them to the bathroom and gave them hair and toothbrushes, then told them to use the facilities and clean up. 

 About ten minutes later the ladies stepped out of the bathroom, still naked, but feeling much better. They were then led to the interview room where the police chief was waiting for them. 

 Both women were nervous, wondering what was going to happen to them. Hector Martinez looked at the beautiful naked women and wanted to keep them there and enjoy some more, but his instructions were clear. 

 "Sluts, here is what is going to happen. I am going to give you your passports, cash, and an airline ticket. You will be given one outfit to wear home. Your luggage will consist of lots of toys and pictures of your adventure as a reminder of your visit here in our little town. I will not file charges with the state, but the charges will stay open here. I won't broadcast your pictures as wanted felons and child molesters, but if someone asks I will tell them what I suspect. As long as you are good your secret will remain right here." 

 Both Sandy and Dawn for the first time in two days breathed a sigh of relief. It looked like they might get out of this mess with no one back at home knowing anything about their arrest. Hector then reached into a bag by his feet and tossed the dresses and shoes they wore to the club to the two women. They quickly got dressed and stood before the disgusting police chief waiting for him to release them. 

 Hector then called his assistant into the room. "Take these two sluts and their luggage to the airport and make sure they get on the plane." He then handed Sandy and Dawn their identification, cash, and tickets. "Get the fuck out of here and you better be good and do what you are told." 

 Sandy didn't understand the last comment but she was happy to be leaving, so she blew off the comment. 

 Two hours later both women were on the plane heading back to Indiana. 

 Little did they know that now the real adventure was beginning? Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 02 ****** bysadkins116© Thanks for all the comments and suggestions for the upcoming chapters. If you didn't read the first chapter I would suggest it as it gives some background that would explain where we are. Thanks again to HMAuthor for her excellent job editing and making this story somewhat readable. As always feedback is encouraged. 

 Back Home. 

 It was now two weeks since the young teachers had returned from Mexico and they had yet to talk. In fact they hadn't talk on the way home either. They mostly slept and tried to keep a low profile. When Sandy went through customs, the agent looked at her in her club wear and she knew he thought she was a slut. Then he opened her suitcase. Sandy gasped as there were no clothes in it, and it was filled with all sorts of sexual devices. There were anal plugs, dildos, ball gags, cuffs, clamps, shackles, a strap-on, and everything you could think of to be used in a sexual situation. 

 However that wasn't the worst of it. Right on top of everything was a pile of at least 50 8X10" glossy color pictures of Sandy being fucked in every hole by many different cocks. There was a large selection of pictures with a "money shot" of cum on her face, tits, ass, and cunt. There was even a picture of Sandy literally covered in cum and she was scooping it up and licking it off her fingers. Sandy blushed all the way to her toes. She couldn't look the customs agents in the eyes. Here she was standing in front of them with a very sexy little black dress that left nothing to the imagination, entering the country with a suitcase filled with sex toys and pictures showing her being fucked by multiple men. She felt like a slut and looked like one too. 

 What surprised her was her arousal! I can't believe this I'm getting excited, she thought. Sandy quickly raised her arms to cover her nipples which had started to poke through her dress and stand out in plain view. I don't understand why my body is reacting this way. This isn't sexual it's embarrassing. Do I really get off on the humiliation? Am I that perverted? "I have got to get out of here I can't stand this," She muttered to herself as all these thoughts raced through her mind. 

 The customs agent closed her suitcase and looked at the blushing slut standing in front of him. He wondered if there was anything he could hold her with but nothing in her bag was contraband so he just motioned her through the gates with a smirk on his face. Sandy quickly grabbed her bag and rushed through the gate. Dawn was not searched and was quite a ways down the corridor from her. It's just as well I really don't want to talk with her anyways, Sandy thought. 

 After that each went their separate ways home. Sandy couldn't bring herself to face her friend. She didn't know what to say. She spent most of her time staying indoors and sleeping a lot. 

 Dawn on the other hand was worried that what had happened would get back to the Martinezes. She had heard rumors that they were ruthless whenever they had something on someone. Dawn had heard that a teacher had been caught in a compromising position and they had used that against her. Sandy knew of her and had seen her in the hallways occasionally. She thought she dressed very risque for teaching and then she had quit her job shortly after Christmas last year. Rumor had it that she had moved in with the Martinezes and was seen running around the grounds naked. Dawn couldn't believe that was true but she had left rather mysteriously. 

 Dawn thought back about that evening in Mexico and how all this had started. She was sitting on her couch in a tee shirt and slippers as she remembered what was going through her mind at the time. "I love dominating Sandy; I'm going to really push her tonight when we go to the club. With no chance of anyone knowing who we are only makes it easier for her to give in. I want to have her naked and on her knees doing whatever I want before the night is over." 

 The feeling of having such control over Sandy never failed to excite Dawn. She remembered the first time Sandy submitted to her. Having had her walk back to the dorm almost naked and leading her by a leash down the hallway to their room was a major rush. Looking into Sandy's eyes and seeing that look of submission, excitement, lust, humiliation, she haddn't known what it was, but she had absolutely gotten off on that look. Dawn was now completely rapt, recalling what had happened. "Strip slut I want you to crawl naked the rest of the way to the room." 

 Sandy's look when she had heard this was priceless! The fear of getting caught, the humiliation; it had sent a rush throughout her own body. She'd almost came right then. Sandy had quickly stripped her clothes off and dropped to her knees hoping to get this over as quickly as possible. "Slow down slut, or I will make you stay out here for an hour!" She had watched as a look of panic crossed Sandy's face and the whole top half of her body had turned red. Grabbing the naked girl's clothes and leash she had led her slowly to the door taking her time unlocking and opening it. She had watched as Sandy shook all over looking up and down the hallway expecting at any minute that someone would discover her. "Nervous are you slut? " 

 "Oh God, yes. I'll never live this down if someone sees me." 

 "What are you willing to do to get into our room?" 

 "Anything, I'll do anything you want just get me out of the hall," had come her desperate reply. 

 "Good answer slut. I'll hold you to that." Dawn had tugged on the leash and walked through the door. "What are you doing?" She'd said, as Sandy had started to get up from her knees. 

 "I thought I was done crawling." 

 "That's for me to decide. Just stay where you are, and while you're at it put your hands behind your head." 

 Dawn had quickly removed her denim skirt and top leaving her standing in front of the kneeling Sandy in only her thong panties. She'd reached up and started to tweak her own nipples savoring the moment and the rush of having someone naked, on their knees submitting themselves to her. "Take my panties off slave." 

 Sandy slowly reached forward and grabbed the side straps and slowly pulled them to the ground. Dawn lifted each foot so she could totally remove them. Dawn had known that they were soaked; she had been excited since she originally stripped Sandy several hours ago. "OK slave, put them in your mouth." 

 Sandy gasped! "Oh My God you can't be serious? Please don't make me do this." 

 "You have now earned your first punishment slave. You said you would do anything I want; now put those in your mouth." 

 Sandy had complied, slowly taking the panties, opening her mouth and shoving them in. Dawn had almost came right then and there. She had never felt so powerful in all her life. 

 "OK slave, time for your punishment. You better not hesitate again, or question my commands, or it will be worse for you. Now get up and lay across your desk facing the window. I am going to spank your ass till I think you have learned your lesson. You are not to rise up off the desk and you are not to move your hands or we start over. Do you understand?" 

 "Yes, Dawn, I do" 

 "I think you should call me Mistress from now on." 

 "Yes, Mistress., Came the reply. 

 Dawn slid one hand down to her pussy and the other to her nipples as the memories flooded back from that night. Her right hand slowly worked its way to her soaking wet pussy and lightly rubbed her clit, as her left hand pinched and pulled on her right nipple. 

 Dawn had reached down and caressed Sandy's ass before she grabbed a belt and swung it down across her left cheek. She'd watched as her new slave's eyes grew wide as saucers and a muffled scream escaped around the panties in her mouth. But she hadn't moved her hands and remained on the desk as ordered. Oh how she had enjoyed watching Sandy struggle to comply with her orders as she continued to spank her with her belt until Sandy had totally surrendered and begged to please her mistress. 

 Watching Sandy humble herself and crying uncontrollably had brought her down from her power trip as she gently reached down and pulled Sandy up from the desk, pulled the panties from her mouth and kissed her lovingly on the lips. "You did well my little pet. I'm proud of you. I know you will obey me from now on." She had looked into Sandy's eyes and seen a look quite different from the lustful look from before. She'd seen a look of satisfaction and joy knowing that she had pleased her mistress. "Now pet show your Mistress how much you want to make me happy. " She'd sat down on the bed and spread her legs. "Beg to satisfy me." 

 She'd loved the look as Sandy crawled between her legs and with a sad puppy dog look begged to lick her pussy. "Well done pet you may serve your Mistress." 

 As Sandy had tentatively started to lick her cunt the feeling of power rushed again from her mind straight to her cunt as she'd watched Sandy become more comfortable with her position and what was expected and licked with all her heart to satisfy her. What was the final submission was when Dawn ordered her to tongue fuck her ass. Remembering how she'd looked down at Sandy's eyes just above her cunt and the expression as her tongue was pushing further into her ass, Dawn dropped her left hand down to her cunt and pushed two fingers deep into the channel fucking herself with reckless abandon. Soon Dawn's climax washed over her body and relieved at least temporarily, forgot any thoughts of what had happened in Mexico. 

 That feeling didn't last long however, as the thought of the Juan and Christina Martinez finding out what had happened left a feeling of fear deep within her belly. Would they force them back to Mexico or use the information in some other way. The thought of either option, of being dominated by someone as powerful as the rich couple, or going to jail in another country frightened her. Dawn was afraid what happened in Mexico could come back to bite them in the ass if anyone found out. She made up her mind to avoid any member of the Martinez family if at all possible. She also decided to warn Sandy to do the same. 

 It was now the Monday before school was to start. The first day of classes was Thursday. Sandy was up and eating breakfast when she heard a knock at the door. She shuffled to the door in her robe and slippers and opened the door. There stood Dawn. They just looked at each other for a minute, and then Dawn rushed up to Sandy and hugged her. They both stood there hugging for a few moments when Dawn looked up at her friend and cried, "I'm so sorry about what happened. I had no idea." 

 Sandy looked at her friend with tears in her eyes and said, "I know. We were both stupid." The tension was suddenly gone and the two women started talking and soon they were making plans for the start of the new school year. Dawn stayed all day and the women never mentioned Mexico again. Both just wanted to forget it like a bad dream. 

 Thursday came all too soon. Sandy was very excited to start her new job. She arrived about two hours before classes. She wanted to make sure everything was perfect. Sandy was dressed in black slacks, with a white button down blouse. Her Blond hair was pulled back into a ponytail. Although she was trying to downplay her looks, you could still see that she was a beautiful woman. As her students filed into the classroom for her first class, Sandy was standing by her desk. She was a little nervous but she was also aroused. She didn't understand why but her pussy was getting wet. She hoped it was because she was so nervous. 

 As her day proceeded the arousal went away and everything went very well. At last the final class of the day was starting. It was a twelfth grade English class. As the students entered Sandy noticed twin sisters. They were beautiful; exotic you might say. They were of Hispanic descent, with long dark brown hair down to the middle of their backs and dressed impeccably. Each was wearing a halter dress that accented their figures and was a perfect fit. You could tell they were very well to do, very pretty, and they knew it. 

 Their names were Anita and Susanna Martinez; their parents owned the condo that Sandy and Dawn had stayed in while they were in Mexico. All the guys and most of the other girls followed their lead and did everything they were told. Sandy could tell these two were at the very top of the social ladder. 

 Sandy looked at the two and smiled, but when they looked back at her they seemed to look right through her. She felt as if they had stripped her naked. Sandy quickly looked away and dismissed the thought. As she introduced herself to the class and explained what they would be doing the two sisters watched her closely. Sandy felt as if she was on display and couldn't look them in the eye. They seemed to have such a dominating presence about them. It was as if they knew every dark secret about her. 

 She remembered her experience with the Divas in her last school and with Dawn's warning in mind made a decision not to cross these two. She didn't want to start out on the wrong foot. The class went quickly and soon the bell rang. All the students rushed to the door as Sandy turned to her desk and started to gather her things. She didn't notice the twins walking up behind her and when she turned around the two girls were right beside her. Sandy jumped and said, "OH, you startled me. I thought everyone had left." 

 Anita at 5'8" tall and wearing 4" heels towered above Sandy. "Welcome to our school Miss Hauser. I understand you are friends with Miss Reynolds." 

 "Yes I am, she is –" 

 But Anita interrupted her saying, "Did you enjoy staying in my parent's condo? Did you find everything to your satisfaction? I assume you had no problems?" The tone in her voice made Sandy nervous. 

 Her mouth went dry and she had trouble speaking and said "N... N... No everything was fine. Why was something said?" 

 Anita just smiled reached up and brushed Sandy's cheek with her hand and said, "No worries teach. We got you covered." 

 Sandy blushed and backed up till she was against the wall. Her insides were in knots. "Did they know about the police? What if they did? I need to talk to Dawn," were all thoughts that went through her head in rapid succession. The two sisters watched with interest at how the new teacher reacted and laughed. 

 They then turned and walked out the door, calling back over their shoulder, "See you tomorrow Miss Hauser, all of you." 

 Sandy was now alone in her room. She was shaking and her stomach was feeling nauseous. Sandy reached into her purse and grabbed her cell phone and dialed Dawn's number. She had to talk to her now. 

 Dawn's phone went directly to voice mail. Sandy left a message to call her as soon as possible. She was afraid the two young women, and possibly their parents, knew what happened in Mexico. What Sandy didn't know was that Susanna had arranged for Dawns cell phone to be stolen. They didn't want the two sluts to communicate just yet. Sandy finished gathering her stuff and rushed out the door to her apartment. She was so nervous and scared she couldn't think. As she stood in her living room she decided to fix herself a drink to calm down. That quickly led to another. and another. and another. About an hour later, Sandy, very drunk after all those drinks on an empty stomach, noticed something else. She was aroused! Ever since the two Divas from her previous school had stripped her in her classroom and made her lick their shoes, it had become one of Sandy's favorite fantasies of being dominated in school. Particularly by young dominant women. Now at the new school the two most beautiful and powerful students could have something to dominate her with and Sandy was incredibly aroused. Maybe it was because she was drunk but her cunt was positively dripping. 

 As she lay on her couch she unbuttoned her top, undid the front clasped bra and exposed her tits. As she drifted off into fantasy land, dreaming of Anita and Susanna stripping her and dominating her in the classroom, her left hand started to caress her tits and pinch her nipples. The harder she pinched, the more the pain increased, the more aroused she became. 

 After a couple of minutes she couldn't stand it anymore and quickly removed all her clothes and ran to her closet where the suitcase was that had all the toys from Mexico. She didn't know why she hadn't thrown them out but right now she needed them. 

 As she opened the suitcase, she was fantasizing about the two Mistresses' ordering her what toys to select. Sandy was completely into her fantasy. She wasn't in her room; she was in her classroom, naked in front of the two beauties. Anita, looking at the case, ordered Sandy to remove a set of nipple clamps, shackles for her ankles and wrists, collar and leash, a ball gag, and an anal plug. Sandy quickly grabbed the items and dreamed of taking them over by her desk. Susanna then instructed Sandy to lock the collar around her neck, and put the gag on. Sandy did as she was ordered and also locked the shackles on her ankles and wrists. She was now completely restrained locked away by her own hands. Sandy then grabbed the remaining items and put the clamps on her aroused nipples. The pain, though intense, just amplified her arousal. All that was left was the anal plug. Sandy realized that in order to get this into her it was going to take some work. She hobbled to the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of vegetable oil and proceeded to lube the plug and her ass. After inserting first one finger then two she was able to relax her sphincter what she hoped was enough to insert the plug. As she placed the plug at her ass, she fantasized Anita warning her that if she couldn't get it in she would be led out into the hall to find someone who could. Sandy then shoved hard and pushed it past the tight ring of her ass as the pain spread through her body. Sandy was now kneeling in her kitchen, naked, shackled, clamped, plugged, gagged and collared, dreaming she was at school in front of the two dominating women. Her arousal was through the roof. She took both hands and started to work on her cunt, one rubbing her clit rapidly and the other inserting two then three fingers into her cunt and fucking herself. Sandy was oblivious to the outside world. She was in her classroom submitting to the women. She could feel her climax approaching and pushed harder to move herself over the edge. When the orgasm hit, it was like nothing she had ever experienced. She collapsed onto the floor and her whole body shook violently. This continued for several minutes. When the effects of the violent orgasm began to diminish, Sandy couldn't move, she just lay in the middle of her kitchen floor and slept. About an hour later, Sandy woke from her stupor and realized what she had done. She looked at herself, bound, gagged, and plugged and cried in embarrassment. "What is wrong with me?" Then Sandy thought about her predicament. She had grabbed the shackles and collar and locked them on herself, but she didn't know where or if there were any keys. She jumped up and hobbled to the suitcase and began to frantically look for the keys. Sandy quickly turned over the case and dumped everything out on the floor. As she pawed through the many items there were no keys to be found. The longer she looked the more panicked she became. 

 Finally after about ten minutes and no keys, she inspected the suit case more closely. At first she didn't see anything, but then on the very bottom there appeared to be a zipper to a hidden pouch. She opened the pouch, and inside were several keys. Breathing a sigh of relief she quickly tried the keys till she was free. After removing the shackles and handcuffs, Sandy lay down on the floor amongst the toys scattered about. She still had the gag, clamps and plug on or in her body She fell into a deep sleep not knowing what was to happen and at the moment not really caring. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 02 ****** bysadkins116© As Sandy was packing to leave school earlier that evening, Anita and Susanna had left Miss Hauser's room and walked down the hall to Miss Reynolds' room. Just as they arrived Miss Reynolds was just about to exit. When she saw the twins she wondered why they would be coming to see her. They were not in any of her classes, although they had been in her class last year. Dawn knew that these young women were very powerful in the social structure not only in school, but in town because of their parents. 

 "Hi girls, what brings you down here?" Dawn asked cheerfully. Susanna smiled and looked down at the petite teacher and said "Mom told us you two came back from Mexico early. Did something go wrong? Is there something we should know about?" 

 Dawn couldn't help but gulp when she said that but quickly regained her composure and said, "No, everything is fine. We just wanted to get back home and get ready for school." The two twins moved closer to the much smaller teacher increasing their dominant position and prodding a little more. "We heard that some kids were molested. Do you know anything about that?" Dawn's eyes got big as saucers and she backed into her room as the girls moved forward. Dawn was now standing with her back to the wall with no place to go. The twins standing right in front of her looking down smiling like two tigers ready to strike at their prey. 

 "N...N...N...No, I don't know anything about that," She squeaked, wishing her voice was stronger. 

 Anita pushed forward and said "My Uncle, the Police Chief, said he thinks the suspects escaped back into the USA." 

 Dawn almost fainted right there on the spot. Her face turned white as a sheet and her knees buckled slightly. 

 "He also said if they manage to catch the suspects there is an extradition treaty and they would be sent back to stand trial." 

 Dawn said nothing; she couldn't. Her voice was gone and she was trembling thinking that she and Sandy were going back to Mexico to stand trial. 

 Anita and Susanna looked at each other and smiled smiles of a conquering general. They knew right then that Miss Reynolds surrender would be unconditional. Anita then reached into her book bag and pulled out an envelope and handed it to Miss Reynolds. Dawn took the envelope and slowly opened it. 

 When she pulled out the contents, her knees gave way and she slid down the wall and landed on her ass at the two womens feet. Inside the envelope were three pictures. One was of the two naked teachers handcuffed in the bedroom as they were busted. The second was of them naked in the jail cell. The third picture was a copy of the wanted poster with their pictures clearly shown and wanted for child molestation. 

 Dawn looked up at the two towering over her and squeaked, "What is going to happen to us? Are you going to go to the police?" 

 Anita smiled down at her conquest and said, "Not if you do as you're told slut. All this will remain our little secret." 

 "What do you mean, do what I'm told?" Dawn asked. 

 "Simple slut, I now own your ass, as well as your cunt, mouth, hands, body and brain. From now on you only do as you're told. If you don't you will be punished, and if you refuse you will go to jail in Mexico. It's as simple as that, slut." 

 Dawn's mouth fell open and tears started to stream down her cheeks, as she realized she really had no choice in the matter, It was slavery or jail. She looked up at her new Mistresses and said, "I will do as you wish." Dawn's whole body slumped as she knew she was now the slave to two high school Divas. 

 "Good," Susanna said. "It looks like you know your place already at our feet. Now strip off those clothes and get to licking our feet slut." Dawn couldn't believe her ears. strip here in her classroom and lick their feet. She just sat there not moving. Susanna screamed "NOW SLUT! YOU HAVE NOW EARNED A PUNISHMENT!" 

 Dawn jumped and quickly started to remove her top. 

 "Faster you cunt, we haven't got all day." Anita added. Dawn quickly dropped her top on the floor and unclasped her bra. She was now nude from the waist up. She then rose up to her knees and unfastened her pants and pushed them and her panties down. Dawn then sat down and pushed her pants off her feet. She was now naked with her clothes piled beside her. She then rolled over onto her knees and lowered her head down, stuck out her tongue and started to lick Anita's high heels. 

 Susanna reached down and grabbed Dawn's clothes and took them over by the door. She took Dawns bra, panties and panty hose and threw them in the trash. She then took her blouse and removed all the buttons but one. She then opened the door and walked out into the hallway. As school had just let out about a half an hour ago there were still people in the hall. If anyone walked by the door they would be in for a shock as Miss Reynolds was in plain view naked licking Anita Martinez's shoes. 

 Dawn could see the open door out of the corner of her eye and started to panic. Anita looked down at her slave and said, "Don't you dare quit licking or it's straight to jail slut." Dawn just closed her eyes and prayed that no one would walk by her door. 

 Susanna returned a couple of minutes later but Dawn's clothes were nowhere to be seen. Susanna then walked over to where Dawn was finishing cleaning Anita's shoes with her tongue. She sat down in Dawn's desk chair and demanded, "Crawl over here and get busy on my shoes bitch." Dawn defeated crawled to the dominating teenager and started the demeaning task. 

 Anita then walked behind the kneeling teacher, grabbed a ruler off her desk, and with a vicious swing, brought it down on the teacher's naked ass. Dawn suddenly rose up, reached around and grabber her ass and howled out in pain. As she was now kneeling with her hands behind her, rubbing her ass, Anita swung again but this time she aimed for Dawn's exposed tits. Again Dawn screamed out in pain as a large welt immediately appeared on her right tit. 

 Susanna looked at the crying teacher at her feet, rubbing her ass and tits and said, "I told you that you had earned a punishment. If you keep screaming every time you are punished, the whole school will be in here witnessing what you are doing to keep out of jail. Now quit screaming and keep licking. While you're at it count each stroke and ask for another slut." Dawn looked up and said, "Yes Susanna." As Dawn started to lower her head down to continue her assigned task. Anita again swung the ruler smacking Dawn's ass. Dawn's head jerked up, but she didn't scream. Through her clenched jaws said, "One, thank you, may I have another?" 

 Anita quickly struck again and said, "You are to address us a Mistress from now on slut. That last one didn't count. You still have ten more to go." 

 Dawn squealed when the blow landed but it wasn't loud enough to be heard outside the room. Dawn then cried, "One, thank you Mistress, may I have another?" She then bent down and licked Susanna's shoe. They continued the spanking for the remaining nine strokes. 

 Dawn was now totally surrendering to the dominant teens. The harsh punishment had dissipated any thoughts of resisting. Her ass was on fire as well as her right tit. Now finished with the cleaning of Susanna shoes, she remained kneeling before her new Mistresses waiting on further instructions. 

 Susanna then looked down at the naked teacher, smiled, and said, "Here are the rules you will now live by slut. You better write them down as if you disobey any of them the punishments will be severe." Anita dropped a piece of paper and pen down on the floor 

 Susanna continued, and Dawn wrote down.: You are to obey each command without hesitation. You are never to cum without permission. You are no longer allowed to wear any pants, panties, pantyhose, nothing to cover your cunt. You are only permitted to wear skirts or dresses. Unless we say otherwise. You are not allowed to wear a bra. When you get home throw out all you bras. You are to remove all hair from your body below your neck. If we find any stubble you will be punished. You are only allowed to speak when spoken too. And always address us as Mistress in private and Miss Anita or Susanna in public. You are to be naked at all times in your apartment. You are to wear a collar and leash at all times when you are alone or in our presence, unless we say otherwise. You must ask permission to go to the bathroom. No exceptions, ever! "There will be other rules but these will do for now." 

 Dawn finished writing all the rules and wondered how she was going to keep her slavery a secret from the rest of the world. Dawn had enjoyed dominating Sandy and being the Mistress. Now the shoe was on the other foot and Dawn didn't like being in this position. Having total control and now having no control was too much for her to comprehend. Dawn knew she had to do something to get out from under their thumb. Right now she had to do as told and wait for an opportunity to escape. 

 Anita then grabbed Dawn's hair and pulled her face up and looked into Dawn's frightened face and said, "You are not to contact Miss Hauser. You are not to communicate with her in any way. If you see her in the hall at school, avoid her; do not even look at her. If we catch you communicating with her in any way you will be punished severely. Do you understand slut?" 

 Dawn looked down at the floor and whispered, "Yes, Mistress." 

 "Good slut. Now crawl over here and lift my dress and eat my pussy. All this fun has made me very horny." 

 Dawn fearing additional punishments quickly crawled over between Anita legs, lifted her dress and began to lick her hairless cunt. Dawn noticed that she tasted sweet and it was not offensive as she had expected. As she continued to lick her new Mistress' pussy Dawn was getting aroused. How could this be arousing? Humiliating herself before the two students, Dawn didn't understand how her cunt was soaked and starting to leak down her legs. 

 The two sisters continued to use the humiliated teacher for another hour or so. When they had finished for the night, Dawn was left with a face full of cum left from each of the two young women. Her tongue and jaws were sore as they had her constantly licking something. Dawn now had intimate knowledge on every nook and cranny of both of the girls. Her tongue had probed their asses, feet, pussies, and anywhere else she was ordered. Now she was watching her Mistresses getting dressed to leave and wondering where her clothes were, but she was afraid to ask. One of the rules was only speak when spoken too. 

 As the two sisters approached the door to leave, Dawn crawled after them whimpering. Anita smiled and said to Susanna, "Looks like our slut wants to speak. Should we let her?" 

 Susanna laughed and said, "Yeah why not she is following the rules. What do you want slut?" 

 "Please Mistress, what am I to wear home? You took my clothes. How am I to get out to my car if I am naked? Someone will see me. If I am discovered I won't be you slave for very long. I will be sent to jail." Susanne again laughed and looked down on the slave at her feet and said, "Your clothes are in the twenty fifth locker on the right. You are to wait ten minutes before you leave the room to retrieve them. Tomorrow you are to report to school wearing a short skirt that is at least six inches above the knee. As for a top it must be a tight pullover with a scoop neck that shows some cleavage. Your shoes should be at least four inch heels. We will meet you in your room at seven am. Do not be late slut." 

 Dawn quickly thanked her Mistresses for allowing her to have her clothes back and continued, "I will do as you instructed Mistress." 

 The twins quickly left the room, leaving the naked teacher on her knees in front of the open door. Dawn quickly jumped up and closed the door, dropped to her knees and started to cry. 

 Sandy woke on the floor surrounded by all the sex toys. Her jaw ached as she still had the ball gag inserted. Her ass was also still filled with the plug and her nipples ached something fierce. Sandy removed the gag first and rubbed her sore jaw. Then she slowly released the clamp on her right nipple. The pain was intense as her nipple now had blood rush to it and allowed the pain to flow back to her brain. Sandy screamed and started to rub her burning nipple trying to relieve some of the pain. It continued for about five minutes before it slowly started to recede. Sandy then held her breath and released the other clamp. She again screamed as the pain hit with full force in addition to her other nipple that was still causing her a lot of pain. Through all of this Sandy reached down and started to rub her clit. Her pussy was already aroused by the pain and the fantasy of being dominated. 

 She continued to rub her clit faster and faster as her arousal continued to mount. As she was getting closer to her orgasm, she took her other hand around to her ass and grabbed the plug and started to fuck her ass with it. This brought her over the top and the orgasm radiated out from her pussy and ass to all parts of her body. She lay back amongst the toys again to enjoy her latest climax. 

 While lying there she grabbed the plug once again and removed it from her ass. As she lay there her fantasy took hold of her again and she was again in her classroom with Anita looking down at her laughing and calling her all manner of names. She looked up at her fantasy Mistress and heard her instruct her to take the plug that had been in her ass and suck it clean. Sandy, even knowing that this was a fantasy, couldn't refuse the command, and brought the plug up to her mouth and inserted it sucking it clean. After a few minutes Sandy sat up, still sucking the plug and gathered the toys back into the suitcase. She then crawled to her bed and passed out still sucking on the plug. 

 When Sandy woke the next morning the anal plug was still in her mouth. She was disgusted with herself. Why did she do those things to herself last night? How did she allow her fantasies take control of her? The two sisters didn't do or say anything that indicated they knew what had happened in Mexico. Sandy decided that she had let her imagination get away from her. Today is just the second day of the new school year and she was just paranoid about all that had happened. 

 Sandy quickly got up and jumped into the shower. The warm water felt good on her sore nipples as Sandy set the showerhead to pulse. She turned up the pressure and started to message her aching body with pulsing water. As soon as the water hit Sandy's clit she gasped as her arousal was immediate. She continued to hold the showerhead close to her clit till she had an orgasm to start her day. Sandy quickly turned off the shower and dried her body. She walked into her bedroom to get dressed. 

 Twenty minutes later Sandy was walking out her door on the way to school. It was now 6:45. Sandy liked to get to school early; it helped her get ready for when the students arrived. At 7:05 she walked into her classroom. What greeted her stopped her in her tracks. On every desk, taped on every window, on every wall were pictures of Sandy. They were from Mexico. In each she was naked and being fucked in one or more holes. Many had her face covered in cum. All were incriminating. Sandy dropped her bag and ran around the room gathering up the pictures. Panic was setting in as she realized that her secret was known to someone at the school. She needed to talk to Dawn. Why hadn't she called her back last night? That was not like Dawn. Sandy decided that she would walk down to her room as soon as she finished gathering up all the pictures. 

 Just as she finished putting all the pictures in her desk, Sandy headed for the door on the way to Dawn's room. But as she opened the door there stood Anita Martinez. Sandy jumped back, startled that someone was there. "What do you want Anita?" she asked. 

 Anita smiled and smirked, "You are very photogenic don't you think slut?" Sandy gasped and realized she now knew who was behind the pictures. 

 "What do you want Anita?" she again asked. "Not much teach, just you, slut!" Anita answered. Sandy cringed at the answer. After last night's fantasy and now faced with the possibility of it happening for real sent a tremor of terror down her spine. It's one thing to fantasize about something; it's a whole other thing to live it. 

 "What do you mean you want me?" 

 "Simple cunt, I own you. I own your body, your mind, your clothes, everything. If you resist my commands you will be punished till you comply. If you refuse or try to run you will end up in a Mexican prison. The choice is all yours. You have one minute to decide. If you agree to submit, you will remove all your clothes, drop down on your knees and declare you are my slave," Anita said with a look of a disdain at Sandy. 

 Sandy just stood there unable to move. Her mind was rapidly trying to find a way out of her predicament. Anita then brought her back to reality as she started to count down the time she had left to decide. "30 seconds slut, better get to stripping, you wouldn't want me to walk out of here would you?" Anita laughed. 

 The words hit Sandy like a slap in the face. She quickly grabbed her top and pulled it over her head, followed quickly by her bra. "15 seconds to finish slut." Anita continued. Sandy started to panic and ripped the fly open on her pants and shoved them with her panties and pantyhose down her legs. As she now stood in front of her new Mistress naked she looked down at the ground and dropped to her knees. Sandy couldn't look up, keeping her head down looking at the floor and said, "I am your slave, Mistress." 

 "Louder slut, I want to hear it loud and clear." 

 Sandy looked up and said in a loud clear voice, "I am your slave, Mistress, I am yours to command. I will do anything you want." 

 Anita walked up to the kneeling teacher grabbed her chin and turned her head up to look her in the eye and said, "Open your mouth slut and stick out your tongue." 

 Sandy looked up at her Mistress and did as directed when Anita smiled and spit into Sandy's mouth. Sandy was so shocked she didn't react. As what Anita did hit her she blushed from the humiliation of being made to drink her Mistress's saliva. It was as if she had been branded. Sandy felt lower than an animal. That simple act of domination cut directly to Sandy's soul. 

 Anita then drew back her hand and slapped Sandy across her face. The pain and shock took Sandy by surprise and sent a wave of arousal straight to Sandy's cunt. 

 "Here is what is going to happen today. In the bag by the door you will find today's outfit, also included are a couple of toys, a blindfold and a pair of handcuffs. When I leave you, will insert the toys in their proper holes, dress, and teach your classes as normal. Oh, you are not allowed to sit. You must remain standing all day. One more thing you will not cum. At lunch you will strip and put your clothes in your desk. You will then kneel by the door and put on the blindfold and cuff your hands behind your back and wait. You will not move until I tell you. Hopefully I don't get distracted and make it there before your next class! Enjoy your first day as my slave slut." Anita then gathered Sandy's clothes and shoes and walked out the door shutting it behind her. 

 Sandy was in shock. It was the second day of classes and here she was naked in her classroom, a slave to the most dominate student in school and she was so aroused she almost came when Anita gave her orders. It was her fantasy cumming to life. 

 Sandy then crawled over to the bag and started to get dressed. The outfit consisted of a lightweight summer dress, very thin and short, it came to just mid-thigh. Sandy knew that she couldn't stand in front of the window as the dress would be almost transparent. The shoes were a five inch strappy sandal that matched the dress. There was nothing in the bag but the toys, cuffs, and blindfold. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 02 ****** bysadkins116© The toys were an anal plug that was about a one and a half inch in diameter at the widest point, tapering down to about three quarters of an inch at the base. It was about four inches in length. The other toy was a set of Ben-Wa balls. Sandy had put things in her ass before, but nothing this large, and the balls were larger than she had seen before as they were about two inches in diameter each. 

 Sandy walked over to her desk, inserted the plug in her mouth and looked in her purse for some kind of lubricant to use on her ass. At the bottom of a side pocket she found a travel bottle on hand lotion. She quickly pulled up the dress and squirted the lotion down her crack. She then took her fingers and started to work the lotion up her ass, working first one then two fingers past her rosebud and into her ass. 

 When she looked up at the time, Sandy realized she had only a few minutes to finish as school was about to start. She quickly grabbed the plug from her mouth and placed it at her ass and pushed. At first it was no problem, but as she continued to push the pain and burning started to increase. Sandy pulled the plug back and pushed forward again harder and squealed as it felt as if she was splitting herself in two. She then pulled back one more time and pushed again and the plug popped into place. The pain subsided and Sandy grabbed a napkin from her desk and wiped the sweat from her brow. She now had only a minute or two till the bell was to ring, so she grabbed the balls and quickly shoved them into her aroused pussy. 

 She quickly dropped her dress and tried to walk over to the bag to get her shoes and the rest of the things lying on the floor. Just as she bent over, the bell rang. Sandy panicked grabbing the blindfold and cuffs in one hand and the shoes in the other. She quickly ran over to her desk barefoot and sat down to put her shoes on. Sandy had momentarily forgotten about the plug in her ass and grunted as it was shoved further into her ass. At that exact moment the first students started to walk into the room. 

 Sandy was sitting at her desk, barefoot with the cuffs and blindfold in her hands. She quickly shoved the cuffs and blindfold into her drawer hopefully before anyone noticed. The first couple of students looked at their new teacher; she had a strange look on her face. She almost looked panicked as she was sitting barefoot at her desk, in a short dress slamming her desk drawer. They watched as Miss Hauser bent over and started to put her very high heeled shoes onto her bare feet. Two of the young men stopped dead in their tracks and watched. They had a clear view down the top of her dress as well as up her skirt. Her knees separated while putting on the shoes. They each smiled at each other as it appeared that their new English teacher wasn't wearing anything under her dress. 

 Sandy looked up at the two boys and turned red, realizing what she was flashing. She quickly recovered and told the two to get to their seats. Sandy then remembered her instructions and stood up and started class. The first few minutes everything went as well as could be expected. Sandy calmed down and started the lesson plan. But then the toys started to do their magic. The balls inserted into her cunt started moving. 

 Sandy's voice caught in her throat as her arousal suddenly started to skyrocket. Her pussy was drenched and started to leak down her leg. As Sandy walked from the chalk board to her desk the balls came in contact with her "G" spot. Sandy's legs almost buckled. She quickly leaned against her desk as the students watched her closely. Sandy thought she was about to orgasm right there in front of her class barely ten minutes into class. Sandy then said, "I'm sorry class, I'm not feeling well. Please excuse me, I will be right back." Sandy quickly exited the room and rushed to the nearest bathroom. Once inside she ran into the nearest stall and sat down on the toilet. 

 She was so confused, she wasn't allowed to sit and here she was sitting on the toilet. She wasn't allowed to cum and she knew if she didn't get herself off right now, she was going to orgasm in front of her class. Sandy slipped her hand down, pulled up her dress and started to stroke her clit. It took about fifteen seconds for Sandy to orgasm. It rocked her down to her toes and continued for about five minutes. When she was aware of her surroundings she dropped her head into her hands and started to cry. 

 After about another five minutes Sandy heard someone in the stall next to her. Oh My God she thought. How much noise did she make when she climaxed? Did they know who she was? Sandy was humiliated and wondered how her situation could be any worse. 

 Dawn arrived at class right at 7:00 am. She was dressed in a jean skirt that was very short. Being only five-foot-two that meant that her legs weren't long. Susanna's instructions stated that the skirt must be six inches above the knee. That left the skirt only about four inches below her cunt and ass. That also meant that with no underwear, if she bent over even slightly, her bare ass would be exposed. Dawn's top was as required, a pullover, very tight, with a scoop neck that showed a lot of cleavage. Susanna arrived shortly after Dawn arrived. Dawn jumped when she opened the door and walked in and directly up to the nervous teacher. 

 "Strip slut!" She said. 

 Dawn quickly removed her top and skirt to stand naked in front of her Mistress. Susanna then instructed Dawn to bend over her desk and pull her ass cheeks apart. Dawn slowly bent over her desk, grabbed her ass and exposed her nether regions. Susanna then pulled out an anal plug and lube. She coated the plug and placed it at the entrance to the slut's ass. Dawn gasped as she realized what was about to happen. Susanna showed no mercy pushing the plug home with one motion. Dawn screamed in pain as it felt like she was shoving a baseball bat up her ass. 

 Susanna then grabbed Dawn's hair and spun her around and smacked her face. "OK here's the deal slut. Take this egg and put it in your pussy. Today you are to leave both of them inside your body. For each class you are to sit on your desk for at least half the class. You are not to cross your legs. You are not to cum. At lunch you are to strip completely and kneel down beside the door. I will give you more instructions then." 

 She then handed Dawn the wireless egg and walked out of the room. Dawn just stood there naked and plugged, wondering how she was going to survive the day. She hated to be in this position. She also realized that she had to do as instructed so she quickly inserted the egg. She was surprised at how wet she was. Dawn's arousal was undeniable. Susanna's treatment of her was pushing buttons she didn't know she had. Once inserted, she grabbed her clothes, dressed and 10 minutes later the bell rang to start the day. As the students entered her classroom, Dawn looked down at her chest and realized her nipples we not only hard, they were clearly outlined by her shirt. It was almost as if she wasn't wearing a top at all. Dawn quickly crossed her arms and hoped that they would go down before too long. 

 As she started the lesson, Dawn decided that she might as well get the desk sitting out of the way and walked to the front of her desk. Just as she jumped up on the desk, the egg started to vibrate. Dawn, still adjusting to the plug being shoved further up her ass, gasped as the egg came to life. She just sat there in front of the class with a wide eyed look on her face. She was using her hands to keep her ass slightly off the desk to keep the plug from going any further into her. The egg's vibrations were now increasing and threating to make her lose control of her of her body. Her tits were now totally exposed and giving everyone in class a show. 

 Dawn then gritted her teeth and told the class to do the assignments on pages ten through fifteen. The entire class groaned but didn't stop watching the teacher as it looked like she was about to have a seizure or something. Dawn realizing she had to do something shouted, "GET TO WORK, NOW!" Her students quickly opened their books and went to work, still sneaking peaks at their teacher squirming on her desk. 

 Dawn was starting to panic, as her climax was rapidly approaching. She knew she wouldn't make it to the door before it would take over her body. She also knew that in spite of everything there was no way she would be able to hide her climax from the class when it finally hit. She was now in the throes of passion as the approaching orgasm was taking over her body. Then suddenly the vibrations stopped. Dawn opened her eyes to see the entire class watching her as she started to regain her senses. Dawn turned red and blushed down to her toes. She quickly got up and excused herself and walked to the nearest bathroom. 

 Once inside she sat down on the toilet when she heard someone enter the stall next to her. All she could think of was how badly she needed to cum. Suddenly the person in the stall next to her started to groan, and Dawn could hear distinct noises like someone was masturbating. Dawn couldn't believe her ears. She was in the stall needing to get off and in the next stall another person was having an orgasm. Dawn couldn't stop her hand as she reached down and stroked her clit. It took only a few strokes before she joined her neighbor in a massive orgasm. 

 Neither woman wanted to leave the stall first. Each wanted to see who was in the other stall. awn finally couldn't wait any longer and opened the stall door and walked to the sink. Sandy watched through the crack in the door as the person next to her walked by. She then stood up and looked over the door of the stall and saw her best friend washing her hands. Sandy squealed, opened the door and ran over to her friend. She almost knocked her over as she grabbed Dawn and embraced her in a bear hug. Dawn jumped when she heard the squeal and had just turned when Sandy grabbed her. 

 Dawn looked at Sandy and noticed how she was dressed. Sandy's lack of underwear was clearly evident and Dawn knew that the twins had their hooks into Sandy as well. Sandy also looked at Dawn and knew she would never dress like this to teach her classes. She knew that they both were submitting the two sisters. Dawn was first to speak. "I'm not allowed to talk to you. If I am caught I will be punished. Please we need to get away from each other. " 

 Sandy quickly responded "I'm scared what they are going to do to us. I need you to know I will be there if you need me." Dawn smiled and kissed her best friend, then quickly left the room. Sandy fixed her makeup and followed a few minutes later. Both teachers returned to their respective rooms and gained control of the students. The rest of the morning went by quickly as the two teachers coped with their individual situations. Both Sandy and Dawn working on controlling their own arousal to make it through each class to get to lunch. 

 Sandy's lunch came after the fourth period. After the last student left the class she quickly went over and shut the door. Sandy then went to her desk and removed her clothes and placed them in her desk. She then grabbed the cuffs and blindfold and went to the door. Sandy dropped to her knees, placed the blindfold over her eyes and snapped the cuffs on her wrists behind her back. After a couple of minutes Sandy realized that if someone should walk into her room she would be fired on the spot. Her problems in Mexico would be exposed and she would be in jail forever. 

 In spite of this Sandy's arousal was through the roof. Was it the possibility of getting caught, or was it the submitting to the dominate teenagers? She didn't know. But Sandy was aroused beyond comprehension. Sandy had no idea how long she was on her knees. All she knew was that they hurt and that the longer she was there the greater the possibility of being discovered. 

 Suddenly she heard a noise at the door. Was it her Mistress? Was it someone else? A moment of panic hit her when she heard Anita's voice. "A little aroused slut? There is a puddle between your legs. I guess you are excited I'm here." Sandy breathed a sigh of relief. It was her Mistress and not someone else. She almost climaxed from the sound of her voice. 

 Anita then grabbed her slave pulled her to her feet and dragged her to her desk. She pushed Sandy down on top of the desk and kicked her legs out to spread her wide open and exposed all Sandy had to offer. Anita then bent down to whisper into her ear, "I am going to paddle your ass as you didn't follow my instructions this morning. You sat down both in this room and in the bathroom. You also came when I told you absolutely not without permission. You will learn not to disobey me again slut." Anita then walked over to the wall where there was a paddle hanging. It was there mainly as a decoration and had never been used before today. She walked back over to Sandy draped over the desk and said, "You better not scream too loud as you might draw attention from someone out in the hall. Also, I want you grab the other side of the desk with your hands and they better not let go or we start over with your punishment. You are getting ten swats and you are to count each one and ask for another. Do you understand slut?" 

 Sandy cringed as she heard Anita's instructions and said, "Yes, Mistress." The first swat landed right on Sandy's left cheek. Sandy's head jerked up and she clenched her mouth and breathed heavily through her nose as the pain streaked throughout her body. She then spoke quietly, "One, thank you Mistress. May I have another?" 

 Anita laughed at her slut squirming on her desk from the first blow and knew that Sandy would not disobey her again. She quickly swung the paddle again and smacked her right cheek. Sandy again battled not to scream but did as she was told and thanked her Mistress and asked for another. 

 Anita continued with the punishment and Sandy did as instructed but as the last blow landed Sandy was now crying uncontrollably and was begging to please her Mistress. 

 Anita then grabbed Sandy's hair and stood up her slut. She turned her body and quickly smacked her tits several times till they were bright red and looking very sore. Sandy stood there crying and begging to do anything to stop the punishment. 

 When it was all over Anita said to her slut, "Give me your keys to your apartment. We are going to make some changes to your lifestyle. I will return them later today." Sandy stood up from the desk and grabbed her purse. She took out her keys and handed them to Anita. Anita then told the slave "Remember you are not to sit or cum for the rest of the day. If you do this punishment with seem like child's play. I will see you later slut." Anita quickly turned, tossed the keys to the cuffs on her desk and walked out the door. Sandy ran over and shut it, trying not to expose herself too long in the hallway as her hands were still cuffed behind her, and slumped to the floor and cried. She then quickly stood up as she didn't want to disobey her Mistress. 

 Dawn's lunch was during fifth period. When her class left she quickly shut the door and stripped off her clothes. She then dropped to her knees and waited for her Mistress to arrive. She didn't have to wait long, as Susanna arrived a couple of minutes later. Dawn couldn't look her Mistress in the eye. She was afraid she would give away that she had disobeyed her instructions. Not only did she not sit on her desk the required time the first period, she went to the restroom and climaxed and spoke to Sandy. All of these things could produce a punishment if her Mistress found out. 

 Susanna reached down and grabbed Dawn's chin and looked into her eyes and said "You have been a very bad slut. Haven't you?" Dawn's face showed if all, she knew Susanna knew she disobeyed. She just nodded her head as a tear ran down the side of her face. Susanna then told Dawn to stand up and walk to the rear of the room. Once there she pulled a pair of cuffs out of her bag and a length of rope. She cuffed her hands in front of her then tied the rope to the cuffs. Susanna then took the other end of the rope and threw it over the lights and pulled up Dawn's hands high above her head and tied it off on a desk. 

 She then took a crop out of her bag and proceeded to attack all of Dawn's body. From her tits to the ass there wasn't a place that wasn't marked by the crop. Dawn was crying and begging to do anything to make it up to her Mistress. After twenty minutes Susanna released her slave and told her that when she got home that night she was to breakup with her boyfriend and kick him out of the apartment. When that was completed she was to text a message to Susanna that it was done. Dawn would then be given further instructions. 

 Dawn managed to get through the rest of the day without incident. Her students enjoyed her display when she sat on her desk. The boys in the front row got a bird's eye view up her short skirt. Only once more did the egg start vibrating. Dawn, probably because her entire body was hurting because of the whipping, was able to contain the arousal. Although when the period was done, her cunt had leaked so much that the back of her skirt had a large wet spot from her cunt juices. 

 After the last period, Dawn hurried back to her apartment. When she arrived her boyfriend was waiting for her. Even though she had feelings for him, she wasn't in love with him. She knew that it was going to be difficult to kick him out on short notice, but what were her choices. Let him stay and disobey her Mistress, or kick him out and piss him off. The choice was clear. 

 Bob her boyfriend was laying on the couch when she arrived. He was not working and hadn't been working for a while. He had lost his job at the local automobile factory about two months ago and hadn't worked since. Dawn entered the door and laid into him about not working, not cleaning, not bathing, not doing anything. She tore into him about anything she could think of till he lost it and grabbed his suitcase, filled it with his clothes and walked out. He screamed over his shoulder he would call to arrange to get the rest of his stuff that weekend. 

 Dawn sat down on the couch and started to cry. She felt like she was losing everything and her world was crashing in around her. When she had dominated Sandy, it was in fun and ended after a few hours. The way this was starting out it was going to be her life. Although she felt some arousal at being dominated, being a slave to a teenager is no way to live a life. She had to find a way to get them out of this situation. A few minutes later she reached for her phone and texted Susanna that the deed was done and Bob was gone and not coming back. 

 

 Five minutes later Susanna showed up at her door with two men in tow. They immediately went to work on Dawn's apartment. Susanna took Dawn into the bathroom made her strip and cuffed her to the shower. Dawn was now naked and tied up in the shower listened to the men work. She wondered what they were doing and what was going to happen to her. 

 The balance of Sandy's day was a roller coaster of emotions. After her lunch punishment she dared not disobey her Mistress. She stood for all of her classes. The Ben-Wa balls did exactly what they were supposed to and kept Sandy on the brink of an orgasm. Several times it took all she could do to not climax in front of her class. During the last class of the day, Anita and Susanna took great pleasure in watching her suffer. Several times they would text Sandy and ordered her to walk around the room, knowing that at any minute she might lose it and orgasm. Finally the bell rang and the class emptied except for the two Mistresses. Sandy stood by her desk and waited for instructions. Anita walked over to the door, shut and locked it. She then turned to Sandy and shouted, "WHY ARE YOU STILL DRESSED SLUT?" Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 02 ****** bysadkins116© Sandy jumped and quickly removed her clothes and apologized to the dominating young Mistresses. Anita then walked over to Sandy and stroked her ass, admiring the red splotches still marking the white skin. Sandy cringed as any touch sent pain through her ass and straight to her cunt. Susanna then sat at Sandy's desk and ordered the slut to crawl over and lick her cunt as she was given her instructions. 

 Sandy quickly dropped to her knees and crawled between the young woman's legs to pleasure her. As Sandy started to lick Susanna cunt, she pushed her tongue into her ass and probed her depths. When she moved up to flick her tongue over her clit Susanna started to moan as Sandy's tongue was working its magic. Anita meanwhile pulled a thin Rain and shine coat out of her book bag. The coat had all of the buttons removed but had a belt to hold it together and tossed if on Sandy's desk. Susanna was now very aroused as her orgasm was approaching. She grabbed Sandy's head and ground her face into her cunt. Soon she gasped as the climax overwhelmed her senses. Sandy sat back on her haunches and waited for further instructions. 

 Anita walked up to Sandy and tossed her the coat. "From now on this is what you wear between your apartment and school nothing else. You will find further instructions when you get home. Now get over here and eat me, I'm horny and need some relief." 

 Sandy crawled over to her Mistress and began to complete her task. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 03 ****** bysadkins116© Chapter 3 "Their training begins" 

 Sandy was now finished pleasuring her two Mistresses. Her tongue and jaw were sore and her face and chest was covered with cum. Anita looked down at her slave and told her to go home. There would be instructions when she got there. Standing she grabbed the coat and wrapped it around her body. With no buttons the only thing keeping her covered was the belt. However when she walked her legs pushed the sides open and exposed everything below her waist. She wondered how she was going to get out to her car without getting caught. As she slipped into the hall she quickly ran to the nearest exit and then to her car. When she sat down behind the wheel, she felt she might make it home. She started her car and pulled out of the parking lot and drove home. 

 When she arrived home and opened the door she stood in shock as she looked around her apartment. Everything had changed. There were no curtains, there were sex toys scattered about the room, and all the kitchen cabinets we open and empty. As Sandy walked to the kitchen table there was a typewritten list of instructions. She looked at the list and read: 

 Slut, here are your new rules. You are to follow these rules without question. If you disobey your punishment will be severe. 

 1. You are to remove your coat upon entering the door and remain naked until you leave. 

 2. All of your clothes have been removed, along with all bedding, towels, and curtains. You have nothing to cover yourself except the coat you wore upon entering. Your daily outfit for school will be provided at school. 

 3. All dishes, utensils, flatware, pans and food have been removed. You have two dishes located on the floor; one to eat out of the other is for water. Food will be provided and delivered into the dish daily. You will not move them from the floor and not use your hands. If you want to eat you eat like a dog. 

 4. You will notice that there are now cameras mounted in every room. I now can monitor your every move. Nothing will escape me. You must ask for permission to do anything. Including going to the bathroom. If you do anything without permission you will be punished. 

 5. You ass will be plugged at all times. The only time the plug is to be removed is when you have permission to use the toilet. The plug must then be in your mouth while you go and replaced when you finish. 

 6. Whenever you hear a bell you will grab a toy and masturbate until you hear a buzzer. You will not cum but you will not stop until the buzzer sounds. If I notice you aren't trying hard enough you will be punished. 

 Sandy read the list and broke down and cried. She had no control over anything. Everything was to be controlled by her Mistresses, all her bodily functions. All of her actions, she had no control over anything in her life. Sandy removed her coat and walked to the living room and turned on the TV. The only channel was a sex channel. Right now it featured a homemade movie of her getting fucked in Mexico. Sandy started to cry again but then heard a bell. She reached over to the end table and grabbed a dildo and started to push it into her cunt. She was already aroused after the long day at school and soon was fucking herself with reckless abandon. Soon she realized she was about to cum and slowed down to keep from climaxing. As she slowed a voice announced from somewhere to pick up the pace or face punishment. Sandy sped up and shoved the dildo deeper into her cunt. Just as she thought she was going to lose the battle and climax Sandy heard the buzzer. Although she was right at the point of no return she stopped. Her arousal was at its peak and she wanted nothing more than to orgasm. She couldn't stand it anymore, she walked into the bedroom and flopped on the bed and fell into a deep sleep. 

 Dawn stood naked and tied in her bathroom as Susanna and the two men worked in the rest of the apartment. After everything that had happened today she couldn't understand why she had been so aroused. Granted the toys helped but this was different. She was so used to being in control all the time especially in her classroom. Now having a student dominating her so totally in such a short time left her feeling totally helpless? Dawn thought it must be this lack of control that had amped up her arousal, not the humiliation. God she hoped it wasn't humiliation. She remembered watching Sandy's arousal climb to new heights every time she made her do anything remotely humiliating. She enjoyed putting her in positions of potential humiliation as it stroked her ego and was such a power rush. And Sandy's climaxes were always stronger whenever there was any humiliation involved. I don't understand how being humiliated is arousing but after today I'm not so sure of anything anymore. 

 When Susanna walked into the room and released Dawn, she placed a collar around her neck and attached a leash. "Down on your knees slut," She said. Dawn dropped to her knees and followed her Mistress out into her apartment. Standing in the living room were the two men smiling and looking at the naked slut. Susanna then told Dawn, "Slut crawl over and satisfy my helpers. They worked very hard to make your apartment perfect for a slave." 

 Dawn crawled over in front of the two large men and quietly said, "what can this slave do to please you?" They each quickly removed their clothes and took positions in front and behind her. Within minutes one had his cock down her throat and the other was buried balls deep into her cunt. Dawn in spite of herself was in another world. After being relentlessly aroused all day in school and now being fucked and sucking cock her body was betraying her. She felt an orgasm boiling up inside her and about to erupt. Two men were pounding her holes, not caring if she was having any pleasure just working to blast their loads into the willing slut. Susanna walked over to her and whispered into her ear, "don't you dare cum slut. I will pound your ass and strip you in front of everyone at school if you don't obey." 

 She heard her Mistress and doubled her efforts to make the two men cum as quickly as possible, hopefully before she had an orgasm. Her efforts were rewarded as the man pounding her cunt exploded and filled her with his sperm. Shortly the man shoving his cock down her throat followed suit and shot his load in her mouth. Dawn was left unfulfilled, very aroused and wanting to climax. However Susanna would have none of that. She wanted to keep her new slave constantly aroused; the more aroused she was the more compliant she would be. She wanted Dawn to think of nothing but how much she wanted to climax. 

 The two men after depositing their cum into the naked slut, thanked Susanna and left the apartment. Dawn from her knees then looked over the changes they made. Her drapes we gone, only the blinds were left. Looking around the area she noticed the web cams covering all areas of the apartment. She then looked up at Susanna who motioned her to follow her. She crawled after her Mistress into her bedroom. 

 The first thing she noticed was that her closet door was open and it was empty. As she crawled past her dresser she could see inside the open drawers and noticed that they were also empty. Dawn looked up at Susanna, who smiled and said, "I control what you wear, or if you wear anything at all." She looked down at the ground as it seemed that as each minute past by she was losing more control of her life. Her shoulders slumped a little more as the realization that her life was no longer her own. 

 Susanna then led her slave to the kitchen. She opened the cabinets and refrigerator and let Dawn see that there was no food or dishes. "I also control what and when you eat. From this moment on what you wear, eat, when you sleep, piss or shit, who you fuck, when you fuck, and most of all when you cum is under my control. You no longer make any decisions. You are simply to do as instructed. If there is a decision to be made it is up to me. If you make any decisions without my consent you will be punished. Your food will be provided each day." 

 Susanna pulled two dog dishes off the counter and sat them down on the floor. One contained water. The other was filled with kibble. "You are no longer allowed to use your hands to eat unless I give you permission. Here is tonight's dinner. I would suggest you eat it all because you never know when your next meal will be provided." Dawn slumped down on the floor into a fetal position and started to cry. She was so humiliated as she felt she was now not even a person any longer. 

 Susanna stood over the crying slut slave lying on the kitchen floor and said, "By the end of the weekend you will be fully trained as my slut slave. Seeing as you don't seem to be hungry let's get you ready for bed. Tomorrow is a big day and I want you rested and ready for your first day as my trained slut." Dawn looked up thru the tears and nodded and wondered what she meant by trained slut? She slowly got up on her knees and followed as her Mistress led her by the leash to the bedroom. 

 Susanna grabbed the suitcase containing the toys out of Dawn's closet and opened it up. She looked over her shoulder at her slave and laughed. "This could be a long night for you slut." She then grabbed several items and instructed her to get on the bed and lay spread eagle. Dawn follow her instructions and lay on the bed as directed. Susanna then went to work securing her hands and feet to the corners of the bed. She was now helpless and could barely move when Susanna placed a ball gag in her mouth, followed by a blindfold. What surprised her next were the headphones placed over her ears. She started to panic as each of her senses was eliminated. She couldn't move, see, speak, or hear. What else was Susanna going to do to her? 

 She found out in short order as Susanna grabbed the slut's tits and started to pinch and twist her nipples. In Dawn's aroused state it didn't take much to have them standing at attention. Susanna then roughly clipped an alligator clip on her right nipple. The pain was intense and just as it started to fade she did the same to her left one. Dawn started to thrash on the bed trying to escape the pain. What she didn't know was the clips were connected by a wire that went through the ring on her collar and every time she moved her head it jerked the clips and made things worse. The wires were then connected to a control box Susanna had placed beside the bed. 

 As Dawn gave in and stopped fighting the pain dulled to where it was at least bearable, Susanna started to work on her cunt. First she clipped a clamp on the left lip. Dawn grunted and groaned around her gag as the pain shot thru her body. That was soon followed by something large pushing at the entrance to her pussy. Right now with being blinded and restrained the pain was actually increasing her arousal. As the large dildo slid easily into her dripping cunt; she moaned as it hit her G spot. What happened next surprised her as a second clip was clamped on the right lip. These two clips were connected by wires that now held the dildo deep inside her. The wires were then connected to the control box. The pain was intense but with the dildo between the clips it only confused her. The combination of the pain and pleasure was driving her to places she had never experienced. With half her senses gone her concentration was now only on her tits and cunt. 

 Susanna looked down at the helpless teacher and smiled. You will never be the same after tonight my little slut she thought. She then spoke into a microphone that came thru Dawn's headset. "I trust you are comfortable slut. You are about to start your training. Let me describe your night. I am going to start a program that will help you to understand exactly what you are and what is expected of you. You will feel and experience many things as the evening progresses. I guarantee you are in for the night of your life. When this night is over you will not be the same. You may never be the same again." Susanna then pushed a button and started Dawn's training. 

 She lay on the bed not moving as nothing happened for a few minutes. She then heard music and then voices in the headset. The voices were repeating phrases over and over in a calm monotone that she tried to ignore. Then she heard a bell and the vibrator started in her cunt. Slowly at first, but the intensity slowly increased as did her arousal. Soon it was driving her crazy as it seemed to know when to slow and when to increase to keep her right on the brink of an orgasm but not let her to cross that final barrier to a climax. This went on and on and on. She soon lost all track of time. 

 All the while the voices in her head kept repeating: obey my mistress, I am a slut, my purpose is to serve, I love cum, over and over. Then the vibrator stopped. Covered in sweat and exhausted she relaxed for a time. Then she felt the clips on her pussy and tits start to tingle. At first she thought it was her imagination but the tingling increased, and kept increasing until it became painful, then very painful. Just as she was starting to thrash about on the bed because of the pain the bell went off again and the vibrator started its cycle. 

 

 Her mind was totally confused. Her brain didn't know what to process first. Between the pain, the pleasure, the voices, the bondage everything was happening at once and she wasn't sure of anything. She was no longer tied in bed; her mind now had taken her to another place where her entire universe consisted of her tits, cunt and the constant voices in her head. Just as she was about to pass out, everything stopped? 

 There was no pain, no pleasure and no voices. Her body jumped because of the lack of stimulation. Her brain had trouble processing no stimulus whatsoever. It was starting to crave the stimulus and having none at all was just as bad as being overstimulated. She slowly became aware of where she was and started to breath normally again, when DING! Oh my god not the bell again. 

 The cycles continued throughout the night. Sometimes they were one right after another; sometimes there was a break between them. She had no concept of time and after each cycle her submission deepened. As morning approached her brain was on autopilot. Her entire world centered on her cunt. Over the course of the evening the program began to add phrases. The voices now were saying: my name is cunt, I love to lick asses, I will refer to myself as slut, I am the property of my Mistress, as well as all the other phrases. As her resistance was shattered the words which she tried to ignore were now imbedded deeply into her psyche. It was as if these were passed down from god. 

 As the sun rose above the horizon and Susanna woke from her night's sleep she couldn't wait to see how the programing went with her slave. If it went as expected, Anita would use it on Sandy and the twins would have a matched set of submissive slaves to use in any way they want. Susanna jumped out of bed and took a quick shower. She slipped on a sun dress and shoes and ran out the door. She jumped into her BMW and made the drive to the apartment in record time. 

 As she entered the door she immediately noticed a strong smell of pussy. It smelled like there was an orgy as the distinct smell of sex was throughout the apartment. Susanna walked into the bedroom and what she saw took her by surprise. Dawn was in the middle of another cycle. Her body was glistening with sweat and the mattress was soaking wet all around her body. Between her legs it was clear it wasn't sweat that soaked the mattress but pussy drippings. Dawn was humping the air trying to orgasm. Susanna watched in amazement as Dawn's body stiffened and shuddered when the cycle stopped and another orgasm had eluded her. 

 Susanna then went over to the controller and turned it off. She then lightly stroked Dawn's body, up and down her legs and across her torso. Dawn didn't even realize this wasn't part of the program. Her mind was no longer in the room but only thinking of what the voices had been telling her for what now seemed to be forever. It wasn't until when the blindfold was removed and she looked into her Mistress's face did she become aware of where she actually was. 

 

 As Susanna removed the restraints and started to take to clips off her tits and cunt she finally realized her night was over? But as the clips came off the pain shot thru her body and straight to her cunt as the dildo, no longer held in, shot out of Dawn's cunt. It was as if the program also made pain increase her arousal. As the pain subsided Dawn looked at her Mistress sitting by her on the bed and it was as if a light bulb went off inside her brain. 

 Dawn now realized that her entire world centered on her Mistress. Her Mistress completed her being. The only thing that mattered was to serve and obey. Her Mistress controlled her pain and pleasure and Dawn would do anything to make her Mistress happy. Dawn rolled over and wrapped her arms around her Mistress and started to cry like a baby. Susanna didn't know how to react but then she heard Dawn say over and over, "This cunt will serve her Mistress, this cunt is a slut, this cunt loves to lick asses, this cunt will obey my Mistress, and this cunt loves cum. Please, Mistress, let this cunt serve you." 

 Susanna was beside herself. The program worked perfectly, now she had to program her to function in school while still being her slave. But that would start tomorrow night. She clipped on the leash and led her slave out to the bowls for breakfast. 

 Sandy woke to her phone ringing beside her bed. She reached over an answered it. Anita told her to put on her collar and leash, grab a large dildo, go to the front door and masturbate until she got there. "Don't you dare cum slut," was the last comment before she hung up. She quickly walked into the living room to follow her instructions. She knew that she had to do as instructed and she couldn't make any decisions, but in the back of her mind she was waiting for an opportunity to escape this trap. As long as she kept her head about her the twins would make a mistake and she had to be ready to sieze the opportunity. She only hoped that the opportunity would come before it was too late as she realized that if it didn't come soon she might be in too deep to be able to climb out. 

 As she pounded her cunt her arousal was again reaching levels that made it difficult to control, she knew that unless her Mistress arrived soon she would climax and be facing another punishment. She didn't have to wait long as Anita arrived a few minutes later. Anita walked up to the kneeling, masturbating slave and slapped her across the face. She didn't know how to react; what did I do wrong? Anita grabbed her hair, tilted her head and spit in her face. She then told her "You serve at my pleasure slut, and right now it pleases me to punish you. Turnover and stick your fat ass up in the air." 

 She quickly turned over with the dildo still embedded deep in her cunt. Anita walked over to the table and picked up a crop. She returned to her upturned ass and proceeded to pummel it again and again. She was howling in pain as Anita continued to beat her ass. After about 50 or so swats with the crop, Sandy was crying uncontrollably and begging to serve her Mistress. Her ass was striped with welts and completely a dark red color. Anita grabbed her leash and led her to her bowl to eat her breakfast. She was so hungry that even the kibble in the bowl from last night looked good. She lowered her head into the bowl and started to eat. 

 And so it went for the two teachers. Each of the two sisters had different ideas of how to train their new slaves. Their mother had instructed them on the finer points in training slaves. 

 1. Control everything, including eating, bodily functions, what they wear, and most importantly when they cum. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 03 ****** bysadkins116© 2. Punish them severely early in their training when they disobey even the smallest error. 

 3. Keep the slave constantly aroused. 

 4. Humiliate them often 

 5. Limit their food intake early in their training. A hungry slave is a compliant slave 

 6. Limit their sleep. The lack of sleep makes it harder to resist your commands. 

 Anita had decided to use the mind control method. Her mother suggested this method with Dawn as she thought Dawn had a more dominate personality. 

 Susanna on the other hand, recognized that Sandy Hauser was much more submissive. She hoped that she wouldn't have to use the mind control method. Instead she wanted to use humiliation and denial to train Sandy to be a good slave. If that didn't work she would go with the mind control method. 

 Anita agreed to not let the two teachers communicate until they were further into their training. So Saturday Anita took Sandy, dressed in only her coat, collar, leash, and heels out shopping for her new work wardrobe. Their first stop was a little boutique that specialized in club and fetish wear. She knew she wasn't going to dress Sandy in these outfits at school, but wanted her to be afraid that was what was waiting for her when she got to school after arriving in only the coat. 

 As they entered the store Anita had Sandy wait by the dressing rooms. She was mortified standing there with her collar and leash clearly in view. She couldn't even look anyone in the eyes, only stand there looking at the floor. Several young women walked past her and laughed at the submissive teacher. After about 15 minutes Anita walked up to her slave and handed her several dresses and told her, "Take off that coat and change into each of these outfits and walk out here and let me see you." Sandy's mouth opened to say something but quickly thought better and untied the belt, slipped the coat off her shoulders and took the dresses from her Mistress. As she turned to go into the dressing room everyone got a clear view of the anal plug sticking out of her ass. 

 She grabbed the first dress and put it on. It was tight, very short, and so thin it was almost transparent. Walking out into the store she was blushing from her head to her toes as the dress was so short her ass was sticking out and the plug was still in view. Anita looked at her slave and told her to put her heels on and come back out for inspection. She did what she was told and came out again a minute later. What really bothered her was, in spite of her humiliation, her cunt was betraying her and starting to leak down her legs. 

 This went on for about an hour and Sandy modeled ten to fifteen dresses and outfits. All were at least slutty, at most illegal to wear out on the street. When they finally left the store Sandy was carrying several bags. With her hands full her coat started to open as they walked back to the car. By the time she put the bags in the trunk her coat was wide open and with the wind she was totally exposed. She quickly grabbed the sides of her coat and started to cover herself but Anita smacked her across the face and said, "Did I tell you to close your coat. You will learn you do nothing unless I tell you. You will be punished later for this." Sandy dropped her hands and waited for her Mistress to tell her to get in the car. Anita made her stand outside the car for a couple of minutes with her coat flapping in the breeze exposing her naked body to anyone who walked or drove by. 

 So this was how the day went, store after store, and each time she was exposed and made to do humiliating things. At one store Sandy was led in by her leash while crawling after her Mistress. 

 Finally after about four hours Anita drove up to an adult emporium. Sandy wasn't sure why they were there as she thought they already had every toy possible, but into the emporium they went. Once inside Anita tugged on her leash and instructed Sandy to remove her coat and wait for her by a door at the back of the room. 

 She dropped her coat on the floor, dropped her head and walked to the door as instructed. There were several men wandering around and all noticed the naked, collared and plugged slave standing by herself. All of them walked by the slave and several groped her as they walked by. She couldn't bear to even look at any of them. She just stood there waiting for her Mistress. 

 Anita walked up to her slut, grabbed her leash and led her thru the door, into a hallway lined with booths. Anita walked to the end of the hall and opened the door on the next to the last booth on the right. She looked into the booth. What she saw was a bench on one wall, a display on the opposite wall with an X rated movie playing. On the wall on the right was a hook just below a hole in the wall. There were also holes on the other walls. All of the holes were about 2 feet off the ground. On the floor she noticed that there were several small puddles. She didn't even want to know what that made those puddles. Anita reached in and grabbed the bench and pulled it out. "Crawl in there slut, you are going to be the entertainment for the next couple of hours or so." 

 Sandy dropped to her knees and crawled thru the puddles and up to the hook. Anita then attached her leash to the hook, leaving her mouth level with the hole in front of her face. On either side of her head were the two other holes. Anita then bent down and spoke into Sandy's ear, "You are to suck off any cock that comes thru the hole in front of your face. Any cock that enters the holes on the sides you are to jerk off. You are to let them cum in your mouth but I want you to spit the cum in this glass. All cocks that enter the side holes are to cum on the side of your face." 

 A tear started to run down her face as she heard her instructions. Anita saw the tear and said, "Cheer up slut; you are going to have fun too." She then pulled out a large black dildo that was about twelve inches long and at least two inches in diameter. It had a suction cup on the base and Anita placed it on the floor directly below Sandy's cunt. "OK, up on your feet and squat down on your newest friend. I want you to fuck yourself while you are entertaining the store. You are not to stop fucking no matter what. Oh, and by the way, you are not allowed to cum. That is unless I think your performance is worthy of letting you cum." 

 Sandy rose up off the floor and squatted down on the huge dildo. As it entered her cunt, Anita pushed a button on a remote and started the monster vibrating. She gasped as with all she had been through she welcomed the intruder in to her love tunnel. All she could think of was that elusive orgasm as she couldn't remember when she last climaxed. Anita shut the door and the first cock appeared in front of her face. It was about seven inches long and thin. It smelled slightly like urine but she started to lick the head to get it wet. A voice on the other side of the wall yelled, "Get my cock down your throat slut." She quickly opened her mouth and swallowed it whole. After about three minutes a cock appeared on her right, she reached up and grabbed it with her hand and started to stroke it. The cock in her mouth started to harden and she knew it was about to cum and worked harder to finish the job. It suddenly exploded and filled her mouth with several jets of his semen. The cock quickly disappeared and she reached for the glass and spit into the large glass. Just as she sat the glass down a cock appeared again in front of her and another one poked thru the hole on her left. She was still slowly working her cunt up and down on the vibrating dildo, grabbed the cock on her left and swallowed the cock on front of the face. Just as she was getting into stroking and sucking the cock in her right hand exploded and shot several jets of cum across the side of her face. 

 Anita was watching her slut perform via close circuit monitors and turned up the remote another notch. Sandy's eyes widened and she started to suck for all she was worth as she was now right at the point of an orgasm. Then the vibrator stopped and she groaned in disappointment as once again she was left frustrated. Then the cock on her left started squirting its load on the side of her face, followed by the cock in her mouth. Both cocks quickly pulled back and were immediately replaced with two more. She wasn't even given the chance to spit the cum into the glass before her mouth was filled. Now both her hands and both sides of her face were covered in cum. 

 As Sandy tried to suck off the cock in her mouth the cum from the previous cock dribbled down her chin and dripped down on her tits. She kept stroking and sucking as one by one each cock exploded in her mouth or on her face. Sometimes she had time to spit the cum into the glass but usually before she could grab the glass another cock was shoved into her mouth. 

 After about ten minutes Anita started the vibrator again and Sandy started to moan. It didn't take long before she was right on the brink when Anita again stopped it. Just as the vibrator stopped all three cocks she was pleasuring exploded on her face and in her mouth. She couldn't see anymore as her eyes were coated in cum. She was now covered in cum, both her hands and down her arms, both sides of her face and all over her hair. And because she couldn't spit into the glass her chin and her entire chest was now covered. The glass between her legs was now about half full. 

 She had no idea how long she stayed in the booth. All she remembered was an endless line of cocks surrounding her face and in her mouth. Suddenly the door opened and someone was standing in front of her. She hoped it was her Mistress to end this humiliation. Anita looked down at her slut and said, "Slut, you didn't fill the glass as instructed and look at the mess you've made in the booth. I want you to scrape the cum from your face and put it into the glass." She reached for the glass but when she picked it up it slipped from her hand and spilled on the floor. Anita tried to keep from laughing at the slut as she quickly picked up the glass trying to keep what she could inside. Anita then screamed, "SLUT YOU SPILLED YOU CUM ON THE FLOOR. GET YOUR MOUTH DOWN THERE AND LICK UP ALL THE CUM AND PUT IT INTO THE GLASS!" She then unhooked the leash and shoved her face down to the floor. 

 Sandy started to lick the floor trying not to vomit. As she sucked the cum off the floor more was dripping off her body. Sandy reached up and wiped her eyes and face with her hands and licked them off and deposited it into the glass. Now that she could see she realized that the entire floor was covered in cum. She looked up at her Mistress and Anita said, "Clean up all that cum and crawl out to me in the store. If the glass is filled, lick up and swallow all the rest. Make sure you bring the glass with you when you finish." Anita then turned and walked down the hall. 

 Sandy broke down and started to cry. She was now nothing but a cum eating slut and that fact drove her to new depths and her arousal to new heights. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 04 ****** bysadkins116© I had the story edited by HMAuthor. 

 Dawn crawled after her mistress into the kitchen to the bowls sitting on the floor. "Eat up slut; it might be awhile before you eat again." She dropped her head down to the bowl of kibbles and started to eat. It was dry and tasteless especially after sitting out all night. After finishing all the food she moved over to the water dish and drank her fill. For the first time in what seemed like days her belly was full, she looked up at her mistress and said, "Thank you for the food, Mistress." 

 Susanna reached down and patted her head like she would a puppy. "You're welcome pet. Now let's introduce you to your new life, slut." She then took Dawn to the door. "Put your coat on and follow me." 

 Susanna strutted out the door as Dawn hurried to finish putting on her coat and catch up to her mistress. Susanna climbed into the driver's seat and unlocked the passenger seat so Dawn could get in. 

 "Open your coat and play with your pussy, slut. Don't even try to cover yourself." 

 "Yes, Mistress, your slut will expose itself and play with its cunt." She said while opening her coat completely and dipping two fingers deep into her pussy. A moan escaped her lips as her arousal again started to climb. It wasn't going to take much to reach that breaking point after last night. She closed her eyes and just enjoyed the feeling emanating from the center of her being, hoping that this would finally be the time that she would be allowed to climax. She turned her head and looked at her mistress. She had never felt like this before. The feeling of complete submission, the feeling of freedom, of no control was indescribable. This feeling, more than the masturbation, was causing her arousal to climb to, before now, unreachable heights. Her mind was clear, her mistress was in command. She had no responsibilities except to obey and please her mistress. 

 Susanna drove down the street and entered the highway. She had an appointment for her slave at the local tattoo and piercing parlor. She was going to have her decorated today. 

 Dawn was now rapidly approaching orgasm and she started to beg "Please, Mistress, may your slut cum?" 

 "Not a chance slut. You have not earned it. Maybe if you are good and do everything you are told it's possible I might let you have some satisfaction." 

 "OOHH God, Mistress, I'm not sure I can stop it. I'm ssssoooo close. PLEASE LET ME CUM. I'M BEGGING YOU." 

 Susanna reached into her purse and pulled out a small prod, turned it on and pressed it into Dawn's left tit. The result was immediate. Dawn's whole body stiffened as the voltage coursed thru her body. With all thoughts of orgasm now gone, she moved the probe away from her tit and put it back into her purse. "Keep playing with that cunt, slut." 

 Dawn was regaining her senses and now pushed three fingers into her cunt and continued fucking while not caring if the cars around her would notice her nudity and what she was doing. She was following her instructions. 

 Susanna left the highway and turned down a side street and pulled into a parking lot beside a seedy tattoo parlor. "OK, slut, let's go. It's time to make your body pretty." Dawn opened her eyes and saw where they are and started to cry. "Please, Mistress, don't take me in there. I'll do everything you want. I won't fight or resist you. Please, Mistress, have mercy on me." 

 Susanna turned toward the slut and slapped her across the face. "You are not to question my orders. I will pierce or tattoo or modify anything I want, and you will accept it." 

 "I'm sorry, Mistress, I'm just afraid. I want to please you but I've never been in a place like this before." 

 Susanna reached over and took her chin in her hand and turned it toward her. She looked directly into her eyes and said "Listen to me, slave; I will do whatever I want to your body whenever I want. The choice is not yours to make. If I want to announce to the world that you're a slave across your forehead I will. Now get out of the car and follow me." Dawn unable to resist obeying her mistress after last night's programming, quickly got out of the car and followed her into the parlor. 

 As the slave walked thru the door there were hundreds of examples of tattoos lining the walls. To the right and left were display cases of all types of body jewelry, from rings of all sizes to studs of various lengths and diameters. The place though a little run down was very clean and smelled like antiseptic. Susanna walked up to the counter and smiled at the man standing there, "Hey, Jack, this is my new slave. Do you have everything ready?" 

 "Sure do, sexy. Is this another teacher? What did you do with the last one? Same deal as last time?" 

 "Of course, you can have her anyway you want once we finish. Yeah, she teaches Math, only she's not Mom's slave, she's all mine! Mom sold the last one. I think she's now in Japan or somewhere." 

 "OK, then let's get started, bring her to the back and strip her down. I want her naked." 

 She grabbed Dawn's leash and pulled her thru the curtain behind the counter. She led the scared slave down the hall to the last room on the right. "Strip, slut, do exactly what you are told or this could be the longest day of your life." 

 Dawn pulled her coat down her arms and tossed it onto a chair. She then kicked off her shoes and stood naked in front of the intimidating man in front of her. 

 

 "Climb up on the table slut and put your hands above your head." He said. 

 She quickly jumped up on the stainless steel table and lay down. As she raised her arms above her head he grabbed them and secured them into some cuffs mounted at the top of the table. He then walked down to her right leg and pulled it out from her body and clamped it into a stirrup he had pulled out from the side. He then walked to the other side and did the same with her other leg. The result was Dawn was now helplessly bound to the table with her legs spread wide and her cunt fully displayed. She was now unable to stop whatever Susanna wanted to do to her body. A tear ran down the side of her face as somewhere deep inside her brain, that part of her mind that was still clinging to a thread of hope that she might somehow wake up and find this was a dream, realized that all control over anything was forever gone. And as that tear disappeared her submission was complete. 

 Jack looked down at the helpless slave tethered to his table. He wanted to pull his cock from his pants and shove it into her wide open pussy displayed directly in of him. But Susanna was firm in her instructions. He was to pierce each of her nipples and put in the ¾" rings. He was then to pierce each of her lips on her cunt and again put in slightly smaller rings. And finally he was to pierce her clit and install a ring. Finally he was to solder a chain from the nipple rings down thru the clit ring and attach the other end to the rings on her cunt lips. When he was finished she would have permanent slave chains from her nipples to her cunt. The chain was not going to restrict her or be used to restrain her, but the psychological effect on her mind would be immense. 

 Jack walked over to a sink and washed his hands and pulled over a tray with all his tools and the rings he was to install. He grabbed a water bottle he had prepared before she arrived. The water contained a drug that didn't incapacitate the slave but made her suggestible and very aroused. With him handling the slave's cunt and tits her arousal would be off the charts. The only thing on her mind would be getting off not what was happening to her body. 

 He reached up and grabbed the back of Dawn's head and raised it so she could drink the water. She wasn't sure what was going to happen but the water tasted good and relieved her thirst. He put her head back on the pillow and started to run his hands over her body. He knew it wouldn't take long for the drug to take effect, but this allowed him to enjoy her body till she was ready. As he reached her tits he marveled at the size and the firmness. He teased her nipples till they were fully extended. Jack then worked his way down her stomach and down to her pussy. She was still very wet from all that had happened over the last several hours and his manipulation along with the drug was having the desired effect. 

 Dawn felt the man touching her and knew she should be embarrassed but after last night she only thought of herself as a slave to serve her mistress. And her mistress wanted her here and she only existed to please her mistress. 

 As the drug continued to take effect her arousal was dominating her thoughts. Every touch no matter where on her body made her crave more attention. When he finally touched her cunt her body stiffened and out came a guttural moan from deep within her gut as she was so close to climaxing all it would take was just a bit more. But he quickly removed his fingers and she was again left on the edge of a vast cliff but never allowed to go over the edge. She looked over to her mistress her eyes begging her to give her some relief but not uttering a sound. She knew she was not to climax until given permission. 

 Jack watched Dawn's reaction and knew it was time to start. He quickly set about piercing her right nipple grabbing it and pulling it out from her body. In a matter of seconds the job was done and the ring inserted. Jack quickly soldered it closed and it was now permanent. He then moved over to the other nipple and quickly duplicated the process. 

 Dawn lost in her arousal didn't even realize what had happened; she just hoped the magic fingers would keep touching her and hopefully her mistress would finally let her have an orgasm. 

 Jack then moved down to Dawn's crotch and started the process again. Dawn tried to open her legs further in hopes with better access he would push something, his cock, his fingers, or his tongue, something into her cunt and take her over the top. But alas it was not to be, he finished installing all the rings and started running the chains thru the rings. Once finished he cleaned up and walked up to the head of the table. Dawn looked up at him as he pulled out his cock and placed it at her lips. Dawn opened her mouth and took as much of his cock as she could and started to move her tongue around the head. Her entire world was this cock. She was hopeful if she pleased him her mistress would let him fuck her. 

 Jack watched as Dawn worked his cock in and out of her mouth, taking more and more each time till her nose was touching his stomach. He knew he wasn't going to last long as his cock was entering her throat and with her gagging around his cock was going to cause him to explode. He tried to prolong it but within a couple of minutes he shot his load deep into Dawn's throat. She kept sucking and licking until he pulled his now softening cock from her mouth and used her hair to wipe it off. 

 Dawn looked at her mistress to see her reaction. Susanna reached out and caressed her slave's face smiled and said "you did well my pet." Dawn closed her eyes as that single touch and kind words from her mistress spread throughout her body from her head to her toes giving Dawn a deep feeling of satisfaction and accomplishment. She had pleased her! 

 Susanna looked at her former teacher as she looked up at her. At that exact moment she knew that she was now totally hers. She smiled and watched the effect her words had on the slave. The feeling of having total control over a woman, her former teacher, and her slave was intoxicating. It was all she could do to not express any more emotion. She knew she had to remain composed and in control. She could not show any weakness. 

 Jack watched all this happen and wondered what was in store for the slave. He knew Susanna's parents and had done this for the girls many times in the past. But Susanna was so young. Would she abuse the power she now had over the former teacher, now a slave? He thought about the headlines in the paper of when that power would spiral out of control and become public. He then set to releasing the slave from the table and instructing Susanna on proper care of the new piercings. He then gave her some antiseptic wipes and some antibiotic cream to use for the next couple of days and left the room. 

 Dawn was still in a drug induced stupor and very aroused, but her head was clearing as she looked around the room and down at her body. The sight of the rings and chains attached to her tits and cunt was a shock. She slowly reached up and touched the rings on her tits and followed the chains to her cunt. Then the realization that they were permanent hit. There was no escape, no control, and no hope of returning to her former life. She looked up at her mistress and said "What can this cunt do to please you, Mistress?" 

 *** 

 Sandy quickly went about licking all the cum off the floor. The glass was now filled and she knew she would have to eat all that was left. The vibrator was still attached to the floor and covered with her drippings from her pussy and had made a small puddle around the base. She pulled it up and licked it clean, then licked up the puddle off the floor. As she finished cleaning the floor she sat up and looked at her body. Even though she had scraped a lot of cum off it and into the glass, she still had a lot more covering her hair, face, chest and legs. She then grabbed the glass and vibrator in each hand, being careful not to spill any of the contents and started the long crawl out to the front of the store. 

 Anita was standing at the front counter talking with the manager when she first saw Sandy crawling towards her. The sight of her teacher covered in cum, crawling, with a large glass of cum in one hand and a vibrator in the other was indescribable. She was amazed at the control that in only two days she now had on her English teacher who was now her slave. Her mind was swimming with so many ideas of how to humiliate her and deepen her submission. She now knew why her parents wanted to give her this present. The feeling of power and lust was overwhelming. This was much better than any car or trip. This was a gift that will keep on giving. 

 Sandy finally reached the front desk and stopped at her mistress's feet. She said nothing waiting on instructions. She didn't want to disobey and suffer her wrath. 

 Anita reached into her pocket and pulled out a lid for the glass. "Put this on, put on your coat and follow me out to the car slut." "Yes, Mistress, your slut will obey." Anita smiled as the training was working. Her slave was now referring to herself in the third person and as a slut. She smiled as it only took a couple of days to get her to this point. By Monday she would have no free will left. 

 Sandy followed her instructions to the letter and was soon standing outside Anita's BMW. Anita looked over at her slave and said "you aren't riding in my car, climb into the trunk. You are not going to get my car covered in cum." Sandy walked to the rear of the car as the trunk opened. She climbed in and shut the lid. She started to cry as the day's events went through her mind. She realized that she was no longer a teacher training young minds for the future, but nothing more than a sexual plaything for a teenager. No longer respected but something to be humiliated and used for whatever perverse pleasure she desired. 

 The trip to Sandy's apartment took about 30 minutes. Sandy had started to dose when she noticed the car motor had stopped. When the trunk opened her mistress was standing and looking down at her. "Get out, slut, and don't bother covering yourself. Your neighbors will be seeing a lot more of you from now on." Sandy climbed out of the trunk, her coat was wide open and she was blushing down to her tits. Anita grabbed her leash and pulled her to the apartment door. Once inside Sandy quickly removed the now cum soaked coat and hung it up by the door. 

 "I'll bet you are hungry. I have a special treat for dinner slut." She said as she walked to the kitchen. She then grabbed the dish off the floor and filled it with kibbles. Sandy stood waiting on instructions by the door. "OK, slut, craw over here and eat your dinner. I fixed you something very special and you better eat it all or I will be pissed." 

 Sandy dropped to her knees and slowly crawled into the kitchen. When she got to the dish her head dropped. What she saw was a dish of kibbles covered in cum. Not just a little cum but swimming in cum. She looked up at Anita, then dropped her head and began to lick up her dinner. 

 Anita almost came right there. Even making her slut suck and jerk off all those cocks didn't affect her like this. Watching her teacher eat cum on dog food, naked on her knees at her feet took Anita to new levels of control and arousal. 

 

 When Sandy finished cleaning her dish and drinking some water she leaned back on her knees waiting on further instructions. Anita had walked over to the couch and removed her clothes. "OK, slut, time to please me. Get over here and use that tongue and get me off." Sandy crawled over to her mistress and stopped just as she arrived between her legs. "May I pleasure you, Mistress?" 

 "Absolutely slut, get busy licking my cunt." She then leaned forward and started to lick Anita lips starting at the bottom and working her way up to her clit. As she became more comfortable with her task she became more enthusiastic as she heard her mistress start to moan from her efforts. 

 Anita had her slave lick her to several climaxes and ended up with her tonguing her ass. Once she was completely satisfied she grabbed her head and turned it towards the TV. "Look, slave, I'm going to make you a movie star yet." 

 Sandy looked at the screen and watched as it was showing her performance at the glory hole. Sandy watched as a tear ran down her face. What she didn't understand was that while watching herself on the screen she was getting excited. Her body or was it her mind was betraying her. Watching all those cocks and cum was doing something to her. She was starting to crave something. She didn't know if it was the sex or the humiliation or the total lack of control, but her mind was giving into it and it was starting to consume her. 

 Anita watched her slave and her reaction to the show and smiled as Sandy's arousal became more apparent. One more barrier down, by Monday her slave would be totally hers. "OK, slut, time for bed. I will leave your instructions and breakfast on the counter. Remember your instructions, I will be watching everything." 

 Sandy looked up at her mistress and asked, "May I clean up before I go to bed, Mistress?" "No slut, you will take a shower tomorrow morning." Sandy nodded and started to crawl to her room. 

 Anita watched as her slave crawled to her bedroom. She remembered when she first experienced the BDSM lifestyle. She was shocked when her parents first explained to her what they were doing. She watched as they had the Mayor and his wife tied up and hanging from the ceiling, naked and collared. Her Mom was using a riding crop spanking the mayor's cock again and again as he was begging for more. His wife was being caned by her dad and she watched as he striped her body from her tits to her knees. 

 The next day they both were now the family's servants with the mayor dressed in a maid's uniform complete with makeup and completely hairless below the neck. His wife was naked and being fucked in the ass by dad and eating her mom's pussy. Anita watched the two most powerful people in the city begging to be humiliated and performing degrading acts and the sight went right to her pussy. She begged her mom to let them eat her or to let her play with them. But her mother refused saying only that being a master or mistress over another person was a big responsibility. She told her to be patient her time will come, right now she just needed to watch and learn. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 04 ****** bysadkins116© Anita and Susanna learned a lot that weekend. Finding out that their parents literally controlled most of the cities government as well as the school board and the chief of police as well as their spouses. That meant that no matter what the twins did they would never get in trouble. The two sisters used that knowledge and abused whomever they wanted and now they have been given their very own teacher slaves. 

 Sandy lay on her bed wondering what was to become of her and Dawn. She saw no way out of their predicament. As she lay there her thought went back to all that had happened over the last day or so as her hand made its way down her stomach to her cunt. She didn't even realize what she was doing until Anita looked in on her and screamed "What are you doing, slut! You better not be getting yourself off." Sandy quickly jerked her hand away from her cunt. "This slut is sorry, Mistress. I wasn't paying attention to my slut hands. Please don't punish me, Mistress. I won't let it happen again." 

 "Stand up, cunt, and put your hands behind your head." Sandy quickly jumped out of bed hoping not to make her mistress any angrier. Anita walked to the closet and grabbed a leather crop and walked to the scared slave. "I'm going to spank you dirty cunt until you realize I am totally in control of your body. Those hands better not move from behind your head. Now spread your legs as wide as you can." Sandy quickly spread her legs as far as she could without falling. 

 Anita watched as her slave worked to comply with her instructions. When she was satisfied with how she was standing she reached back and swung the crop at the unprotected cunt. Sandy screamed as the pain rushed through her body. Anita then reached over and grabbed an anal plug sitting on the table beside the bed. "Better suck on this so you don't disturb the neighbors slut." As she pushed the plug into Sandy's mouth. 

 Anita then proceeded to rein blow after blow on her slave's pussy as Sandy struggled to keep her hands behind her head and not draw any attention from outside her apartment. After about fifteen blows Sandy was starting to waiver as her knees were about to give out. Her crying was uncontrollable and she was blubbering and pleading for the punishment to stop, begging to be given another chance to prove her obedience. However all that was coming out was unintelligible mumbles and grunts around the plug in her mouth. 

 Anita watched as Sandy struggled to remain standing. She walked over to her slave and gently caressed her cheek. "You did good pet. You took your punishment well. You just might end up a very good slave." Sandy wept as the unexpected compliment rushed through her mind and a wonderful feeling flashed throughout her body. It was a feeling of accomplishment of pleasing her mistress. She leaned into the touch craving the feeling of her mistress' touch. 

 "OK slut, put your arms down and go to bed and no more playing with your cunt. I will pick you up at ten tomorrow morning. Make sure you are showered, shaved, plugged and waiting by the door on your knees." Anita then turned and walked out the door as Sandy collapsed onto the bed trying to keep anything from touching her very sore cunt. 

 *** 

 Susanna looked at her now chained slave with a great feeling of accomplishment. Dawn had now totally submitted to her mistress. She reached out and grabbed the chains and pulled watching the nipples and cunt lips extend as she increased the tension. She didn't want to pull too hard as they were only installed a short while ago but could resist a slight pull. 

 "Put on your coat and follow me, cunt," She said as she turned and walked out the door. Dawn quickly grabbed her coat and rushed to follow her mistress out through the lobby. Dawn felt no embarrassment as she walked past other customers waiting and browsing in the front of the store. Even though she didn't have her coat on and was showing her body and new chains to anyone who cared to look. She was a slave and the only person that mattered to her was Anita. 

 The trip the apartment took about twenty minutes but Dawn didn't even close the coat. Her instructions were to only put it on and she wasn't about to assume anything more. Just before they arrived Anita pulled into a McDonalds drive thru. Dawn wanted to close her coat as she knew most of the workers who worked there. But Anita didn't say anything so she left it open. Anita ordered a couple of sandwiches and fries then pulled to the window. With Dawn in the passenger seat she was in clear view of the cashier as she was exposing her tits, cunt and newly installed chains. Dawn couldn't even look up as she heard the cashier ask for the money. She then heard a gasp as whoever it was saw Dawn in all her glory. Dawn merely looked at the floor as there was nothing she could do. However deep down inside Dawn another brick of her resistance was eliminated. 

 Susanna pulled out of the restaurant and drove down the street. "I'm proud of you, slut, you didn't cover yourself or try to hide. You are learning. Your training is almost complete. Tomorrow will be the final test to prove you are my slave." They drove the rest of the way in silence. 

 When they reached the apartment Dawn got out of the car and waited for her mistress to tell her what to do. Susanna loved it. Her new teacher slut was totally submissive not doing anything without instruction. "Take your coat off and show your neighbors your new jewelry." Dawn quickly removed the coat and proudly walked behind her mistress into her apartment. Dawn was proud she was pleasing her owner. Once inside Susanna sat down in the arm chair in the living room with Dawn at her feet. She looked down at the disgraced teacher and said "Right now I want you to put your slut mouth to good use and clean my feet while I eat my dinner. When I'm done eating you are to pleasure me. When I'm satisfied you will be put to bed to finish your training. Tomorrow we are going to show you off and demonstrate your training." 

 Dawn looked up at her owner and lowered her head to her naked feet to begin her tasks. "This cunt will not disappoint you, Mistress. This cunt will make you proud." Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 05 ****** bysadkins116© Synopsis: Two high school teachers just two years out of college fall victim to a rich married couple who enjoy dominating anyone they can. Using their power and money they have gained control over several powerful people in the local government including the Mayor, Police Chief, their spouses, school board members, and even the principal of the high school. Using their considerable resources they plan and execute a trap for the two young beautiful teachers by having them arrested in Mexico for child molestation while vacationing at their condo. 

 They then give them to their twin daughters for their eighteenth birthday present. The trap was sprung on the second day of the new school year as the two teachers surrendered their freedom to keep from being sent back to Mexico to face charges. Three days later each of the teachers through different paths has now accepted their fate and are starting to embrace their servitude. Although you can read this as a standalone story, to get a better idea of how they got here you should read the previous chapters. 

 Characters: 

 Sandy Hauser, twelveth grade English teacher and now a slave to Anita Martinez. 

 Dawn Reynolds eleventh grade Math teacher and slave to Susanna Martinez. 

 Juan and Christina Martinez, Susanna and Anita's parents. 

 I would like to thank HMAuthor for her help in editing my attempts at writing this story. Without her help you probably wouldn't be reading this. 

 On my last chapter I received some negative reviews. Apparently my choice of stories and my writing skills leave a lot to be desired. All I can say is if you don't like it, don't read it. This story is a work of fiction, a fantasy of sorts. There is no connection with reality. This could not and should not happen in any form. However like all works of fiction it is intended only to entertain. If this genre offends you move on to another story. There are plenty of other stories and much better authors to entertain almost any person's fantasy. 

 I do plan to finish this story with a couple of surprises before we get there. I know how I want it to end but not exactly sure how to get there as yet. I do like you feedback and suggestion. Please keep them coming. 

 ***** 

 Sandy woke up and looked around her apartment. At first she didn't recognize where she was. With no bedding or curtains the place looked very different than she remembered. As she lay there her mind was still a jumble after all that had happened over the last few days. Had it only been two days? It seemed like a lifetime since school had started only three days ago. Her life was now totally out of her control. Even if she could get out of the charges in Mexico, if what her Mistress had made her do over the last couple of days ever became public she would never be able to teach again. 

 She looked over at the alarm clock beside her bed and noticed it was already half past eight. Her Mistress was to be here at ten and Sandy had to be ready when she arrived. Sandy slowly got up and walked to the bathroom. Her body ached and her jaw was sore from the glory hole. Her knees were sore and red from all the crawling around. She looked at herself in the mirror and started to cry. Her face was covered in dried cum and her hair was stuck to the side of her face and stiff from being coated in cum. She looked down at her body and everywhere she looked was white crusty dried cum. 

 Her thoughts went back to being on her knees sucking and jerking off what must have been three dozen cocks at the glory hole late yesterday. She still had the taste of cum in her mouth from eating her dinner soaked in cum. She lowered her hand to her cunt and flinched when she touched it. It was still very sore from the punishment just before she was put to bed. Sandy walked over to the toilet and started to sit down when she remembered she wasn't allowed to go unless her Mistress gave her permission. 

 She quickly turned on the shower and started to climb in when she jumped back. The water was very cold. She reached over and adjusted the temperature but no hot water came out. She leaned back against the wall and cried. There seemed to be no end to the torture. Realizing her time was short she stepped into the cold water and started to wash her body. After only a few minutes she was shivering uncontrollably and had to get out. 

 The effect of the cold water only made her body ache more and she needed to pee even worse. Sandy quickly dried her body and started to dry and fix her hair and makeup. It was now quarter after nine and she only had forty five minute before her Mistress was to arrive. Sandy reached behind her and pulled out the anal plug. After being inserted in her body of over twenty four hours it felt strange without it. Sandy cleaned the plug and lubed her ass and pushed it back into her ass. 

 Suddenly she heard a bell. She quickly ran to the living room, grabbed a dildo and started to masturbate. At first the pain was intense, but after only a couple of minutes her arousal started to return and her pussy started to moisten. As she continued to push the dildo deeper and deeper into her cunt the arousal that seemed to be a constant companion since Anita took control began to take over her mind. She was now pounding her cunt with abandon and her climax was rapidly approaching. 

 Just as she was reaching her peak the buzzer went off and it was all she could do to stop. Right now she didn't care if she was punished; she needed to cum. But instead of continuing after the buzzer, her training kicked in and she stopped. If only she had a couple more minutes her hunger would have been satisfied. Now she would have to wait till the next bell to try again. Sandy suddenly realized that she was being trained. She could have continued after the buzzer, but no matter how much she wanted to cum she couldn't put the dildo now in her hand back into her needy cunt. She slowly brought the dildo up to her mouth and licked it clean. 

 Sandy looked at the time; it was now nine fifty. She walked to the front door and knelt down beside it and waited for her owner to arrive. She didn't want to disappoint her. 

 Anita woke up at seven thirty. She had had a great night's sleep. Being a mistress was tiring. Constantly thinking of ways to humiliate her slave and remove any thoughts of resistance was a lot more work than expected. As she walked out of her room she walked by her sister's room. The door was open and she walked in. Susanna was sitting at the computer watching her slave tied up to the bed thrashing about as the controller was going through another cycle. Dawn was soaked in sweat and she was humping the air trying to reach that mythical climax. 

 "How are you doing sis? I see your slave is having a difficult time." 

 "I'm completing her training can't you see. Friday's training established me as her owner and totally in control. Last night's training re-enforced that plus added training on how to perform at school. I don't want her submitting to anyone but me. But I want her to seem normal at school. The program has two phases. When she is at school her mind goes back to being semi normal. She will still recognize me as her owner and will do everything I tell her. But she will function just like she did before while teaching. She will even have the same feelings of humiliation and degradation as before the training. It will be so much more fun playing with her at school, watching her squirm and humiliating her. But outside school her training will switch to a total slut slave doing everything I tell her without hesitation." 

 "You are evil Susanna! I'm not going to go that route unless I have to. I prefer to have my slave broken down without using a program on her mind. I want her to come to crave the humiliation and degradation. I want to keep pushing her to her limits and then pushing her past them. I want to watch her give into being dominated. Watching her cravings control her body and mind and not being able to resist experiencing the high from being put into depraved situations. I want to be there as it happens, not waking up and turning off a machine. The rush I feel as I push her past another barrier is very intense. I have never felt anything else like it before." 

 "Wow, you're really getting into this. I just want to have some fun and then sell her after the school year is over and buy me a condo or something. I can't see this lasting any longer." 

 Anita looked at her sister. She wondered how she could resist the powerful feelings owning and controlling another person, especially someone like a teacher, who is always in control, someone in a position of authority. That rush you get when that person degrades themselves with just a command. When you know that what you are making them do is something that is so beneath them and having them develop a need, an addiction to having to behave and complete that task. Anita knew that this is what she wanted to do for the rest of her life. 

 Anita walked back to her room and pulled up Sandy's apartment on her monitor. She watched as she got up and walked into the bathroom. She was pleased to see she didn't use the toilet. She laughed when Sandy jumped when she had to take a cold shower. 

 When Sandy pulled the plug out of her ass, Anita smiled. She had something to punish her and let her know she has no control. As soon as Sandy returned the plug to her ass Anita rang the bell. She watched as Sandy grabbed the dildo and did as instructed. She watched as Sandy's arousal took over her body and she started to really pound her pussy. Anita zoomed in on her face and watched closely wanting to wait till the very last moment to push the buzzer. She wanted Sandy to continue to her climax so she could increase her punishment, but was surprised when she stopped and licked the dildo clean. The training was taking hold. 

 Christina called up the stairs "Breakfast is ready girls." "OK mom" they both answered. Anita walked out of her room and joined Susanne as they walked downstairs to the kitchen. "Well girls how is the training coming?" 

 "Great, my slut is totally mine now. She will do anything I tell her" Susanna beamed. 

 Anita smiled at her sister and looked at her mother and said "My slut is progressing nicely. She is starting to crave my demands. It won't be long till she won't be able to live without the humiliation and domination. I'm having so much fun watching her demise." 

 Christina smiled at her two daughters. This is how she expected each to react. Susanna always took the path of least resistance. She never had any patience for properly training a slave. Anita on the other hand reminded her of herself when she was her age. It's the process that's so exciting not the final product. Taking a person from a normal life, and ripping everything they hold dear from them. Then have them slowly descend into total depravity and servitude and crave the process as they go. 

 That is the rush. There was nothing like the feeling when you have finally broken all of their barriers. Having them totally submit to your every whim and asking for more. That is why the she had never kept a slave after training them. The thrill was gone. It was getting them to that point that always excited her and Anita was just like her 

 "OK girls what time are you bringing your sluts by today? I want to see them myself." 

 "I'm going by the apartment at ten. I want to feed her some more cum soaked breakfast then we're going to come over here," said Anita. 

 Susanna said "I have to go over and turn off the controller and check out to see if the programming worked. I want to clean her up and drive by the school to see if her personality changes when she is in the building. Then we are coming here. I figure we will get here around ten thirty or so. Is Dad going to be here?" 

 "That will work. Dad is going to be here at eleven and is bringing a few of his friends to try out the new sluts." 

 "Great I'll see you then," Susanna said as she rushed out the door. 

 Anita smiled at her sister and looked at her mother. "Mom when did you know what you wanted to do with your life? I mean when did you know that training slaves was your calling?" 

 "When I was about your age, I had a girlfriend that I was very close to. She was always around and I learned that she would always let me make any decisions. After a while I started being more dominate with her. Making her dress or undress the way I wanted. The more I made her do the more I enjoyed it. After about a year she was totally submissive to me. I kept pushing her and pushing her till she couldn't refuse anything I'd tell her to do. 

 Just after high school I brought her with me to the United States and made her my first slave. It wasn't long after that I became bored with her and sold her to a couple in England. Ever since then I began training slaves and selling them when I got bored with them. I think you are just like me." 

 "Thanks mom, I've got to go and get my slave. I'll be back soon. I love you." Anita got up for the table and walked out to her car. 

 Susanna walked into Dawn's apartment. The familiar smell of pussy permeated the air. She walked into the bedroom and looked at her slut lying on her bed totally soaked in sweat and oblivious to the world. She walked over to the nightstand and turned off the controller. She then reached over and removed the blindfold and headset. Dawn looked at her mistress and smiled a weak smile, her owner was here! 

 Susanna released the slut's hands and feet as Dawn moved her arms and legs and massaged her wrists trying to get the blood flowing again. The programming was different this time. The first night it was constant arousal and pain and subliminal messages to the mind. This time the messages were the most dominating, as well as the other things but not as intense. Even so the messages stuck and were deeply embedded into her brain. Dawn opened her mouth and asked, "What may this slut do to please you mistress?" 

 Susanna smiled and looked down at her teacher slut and said, "Take a shower slut, then fix your hair and makeup. You have thirty minutes to get ready. I'll have your breakfast ready when you get done. Dawn quickly got up and ran to the bathroom. She turned on the water and jumped in. The water felt wonderful as it had been a while since she had cleaned herself. Twenty five minutes later she walked out of the bathroom and into the kitchen. Susanna looked at the slave and motioned down to the dishes on the floor. "Eat up slut we've got things to do and places to go." Dawn immediately dropped to her knees and ate the food. When she had finished she looked up at her mistress and asked, "All finished Mistress, may this slut use the toilet?" Susanna smiled and nodded her head. Dawn quickly jumped up and ran to the bathroom. She didn't remember the last time she went. 

 Ten minutes later they were in Susanna's car and headed toward the school. Dawn was sitting in the front seat with her coat open playing with her cunt. She felt no embarrassment as she was doing as instructed by her owner. It didn't matter what anyone else thought of her. The only thing that mattered was pleasing her mistress. 

 As Dawn's body was climbing towards that elusive climax she saw the school. Suddenly everything changed. She looked around her and was suddenly embarrassed at what she was doing. Sitting in a student's car basically naked and masturbating, the humiliation hit her like a ton of bricks. What if anyone saw her? She looked at her owner and moaned hoping that she would let her stop. 

 Susanna smiled; the programming seemed to be working. The program was supposed to make her slave act and feel almost normal at school. She would be able to teach her classes and interact as normal with the staff and students but still obey her mistress totally. She would experience the same feelings of humiliation and embarrassment as before the programming but would be unable to resist obeying her instructions. 

 As Susanna drove up to the front door of the school Dawn was increasingly nervous as she was still completely exposed with two finders deep inside her cunt. She wanted to stop and cover herself but couldn't. Susanna stopped the car and said, "Close your coat and follow me slut" 

 "Yes mistress," She said while quickly closing the coat tightly around her body and climbed out of the car. Susanna walked up the steps and into the main hallway of the school. Dawn was very nervous as her coat barely covered her body even when tied with the belt. When she walked the coat opened up to her waist with every step exposing her to anyone looking. Dawn blushed down to her tits as she hoped no one was at the school on a Sunday morning. Susanna turned and looked at the blushing slave, smiled and said, "Hurry up slut or I'll have you leave your coat here." Dawn looked up with a panicked look and rushed to catch up. Susanna pulled a key out of her bag and unlocked the door. Once inside she entered the code on the security panel. 

 Susanna pulled out the leash and clipped it to her collar and led the disgraced teacher down the hall to her classroom. Dawn couldn't look around it was too overwhelming being lead on a leash almost naked through the school by a student. If anyone should see this her whole world would collapse. 

 The two walked into Dawn's classroom and Susanna pulled a dress and a pair of shoes out of her bag. "Put these on and sit at your desk." Dawn quickly grabbed the clothes and put them on. Immediately she felt a sense of relief and her anxious feeling went away. She felt normal and at ease. Susanna watched as Dawn walked up to her desk and pulled out her planner to review what was on tap for the day. 

 Susanna looked at her slave and said, "on your knees slut and kiss my feet!" Dawn gasped and blushed but dropped to her knees and crawled over to her mistress and started to kiss Susanna's shoes. "Good job slut, let's get out of here. Take off the dress and grab your coat. We have to leave now." Dawn quickly complied and stood by her mistress, naked, holding her coat hoping she would be allowed to put it on. 

 "Well done slut, put it on and let's go." As she quickly walked out the door with Dawn rushing after her while pulling the coat around her body. 

 Anita arrived at Sandy's apartment shortly after ten. Sandy was naked and kneeling by the door as instructed. Anita smiled and patted her on the head as she would a pet. "Have you been good this morning, Pet?" 

 "Yes Mistress, your slut has followed instructions." 

 "What about removing your plug?" 

 Sandy gasped; she had removed it and had started to use the toilet before she remembered she must have permission. "I'm sorry mistress, I forgot but I cleaned it with my mouth and put it back. It was only out for a minute. Please don't punish this slut. This slut will never let it happen again." 

 "Well slut you are getting off on the wrong foot. I will punish you later for that. We are running late so let's get you fed." Anita walked to the kitchen and grabbed the dish on the floor. She filled it with more kibbles and opened the frig and pulled out the half-filled glass of cum. She poured the remaining cum over the kibbles and sat the dish on the floor. "Cum and get it slut. Breakfast is served. Hurry up I have plans for you today." 

 Sandy crawled to her dish. The disgusting mix turned her stomach. It seemed that the only thing she had eaten in the last couple of days was cum. She then lowered her head and slurped up the food. As soon as she finished eating Sandy looked up at her mistress and asked, "May this slut use the bathroom, Mistress?" 

 "Yes but be quick about it," Anita answered. 

 Ten minutes later Sandy, now wearing her coat, collar and leash, and spike heels followed her mistress out to her car. Once inside Anita instructed her to open her coat and masturbate. Sandy no longer cared if someone saw her as not doing as instructed was much worse than being seen. After about twenty minutes Susanna pulled into a gated driveway and punched a code on a panel. The gate swung open and Susanna looked over at her slave and said, "Toss your coat in the back seat. You won't need it anymore." Sandy quickly complied and sat naked as the car pulled up to a mansion. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 05 ****** bysadkins116© Anita parked the car and ordered her slave out of the car. Sandy stood by the door not knowing what to do. Anita reached into her pocket and pulled out two nipple clamps and quickly clamped them on the slut's nipples. Then she grabbed the leash and led her inside the door. Once inside she turned to her and said, "On your knees, you are not to walk again unless instructed." Sandy quickly dropped down and followed her mistress down the hall and through a door at the end. 

 Sandy looked up as she entered the room. Looking around she saw Christina Martinez sitting on a love seat wearing a silk light blue dressing gown. Dawn blushed as this was the first time she was being exposed to someone who knew who she was. 

 "Well what have we here? Is this the child molesting, cock-sucking, pussy- eating, slut teacher I've been hearing about? Or is this nothing more than a common slut slave that craves humiliation?" Sandy couldn't answer. She just looked down at the floor. Anita quickly took the leash and whipped it across the kneeling slave's ass three times in quick succession, "Answer your owner slut." 

 Sandy looked up with tears in her eyes and said "This common slut slave craves humiliation, Mistress." 

 Anita beamed as her slave was now admitting she craved humiliation. Another barrier crossed. Her mother smiled and nodded to her daughter. She was learning fast on how to train a slave. "Crawl over here and lick my feet slut." 

 Sandy quickly followed the instructions when, just as she started to lick, the door opened and in walked Susanna with a naked Dawn crawling after her. Sandy's heart jumped as she saw her friend for the first time in days. She suddenly felt better as she was no longer alone and had a small sense of relief. But that feeling soon disappeared when Susanna stopped and presented her slave to her mother. 

 Dawn stopped beside her mistress and sat back on her heels. She placed her hands behind her head and spread her legs proudly showing off her slave chains attached to her tits and cunt. Sandy gasped as she saw the chains for the first time. Dawn was looking straight ahead and showing no recognition of her longtime friend. She only looked up at her mistress with a longing look waiting on the next command. 

 Christina looked down at the chained slave and asked, "What are you?" 

 Dawn sat up a little straighter and pushed out her tits and said, "This slut loves cum, this slut obeys her mistress, this slut loves to kiss ass, and this slut lives to serve." Susanna smiled broadly and looked at her mother and asked, "How's that Mom?" 

 "I'm impressed Susanna, I see the programming went well. The chains are exquisite. A very nice touch I might add. Are you planning on showing them off in school?" "I'm not sure, probably not at first, but by the end of the year I'm sure they will be in plain view for everyone to see. We just had them installed yesterday so we won't be able to use her cunt or tits for a couple of days, but her mouth and ass are available." 

 "Well let's see how well she obeys. "Slut, crawl over here and shove your tongue up this slave's ass." 

 Dawn quickly crawled over to her friend and spread her cheeks, and pulled out the plug still imbedded in Sandy's ass. Looking at the gaping hole she leaned forward and shoved her tongue deep into her ass. Sandy gasped as the plug was pulled from her and moaned as her best friend tongue quickly replaced it. What surprised her was the whole experience embarrassed Sandy more than Dawn. Dawn appeared to be thoroughly enjoying fucking Sandy's ass with her tongue. As Sandy continued to lick her mistress's mother's feet she glanced back at her friend. She wondered what Susanna had done to her. She hardly recognized her. She looked the same except for the chains but it was as if Dawn didn't even know her. 

 After about 5 minutes Christina ordered the sluts to crawl back to their mistresses and wait for further instructions. Anita and Susanna were sitting on the couch just to the left of the door talking about their day when their father walked into the room. 

 Juan was a large man, standing six foot four and weighing 230 pounds. Juan worked out regularly and was in excellent shape. His dark complexion and strong features made him very handsome. When he entered the room everyone knew he was in charge. His entire presence dominated the room. Both Sandy and Dawn cowered by their mistress's legs afraid to even look up at his face. Four men followed him into the room all dressed impeccably. Each man was of similar size and stature as Juan but it was clear he was their leader. 

 Two of the men, Michael and James, were tall black men, well-built wearing jogging suits. What was most notable were the bulges in their pants. These men were not even excited but their cocks seemed to extend almost down to their knees. It appeared that they had baseball bats inside their pants. 

 The third man, Hank, was white and looked like someone from wrestle-mania. He was huge; he must have weighed 300 pounds of solid muscle. His skin was covered in tattoos depicting all manner of art. He was wearing a pair of shorts and a tank top that was so tight it looked like it would burst at any moment. His cock was plainly visible in the shorts. It wasn't as long as the two black men but was so thick it looked like he had a third leg. 

 The fourth man, George, was of normal size, slightly built and standing only about six foot tall. He appeared to be Hispanic, was dressed in slacks and a golf shirt. He looked completely out of place with the other men. 

 Anita and Susanna quickly jumped up and rushed to hug their dad screaming, "Hi Daddy, thank you for the wonderful birthday presents." 

 Juan wrapped his arms around his beautiful daughters and looked down at the cowering teacher sluts naked and kneeling at his daughter's feet. He smiled and asked, "Are you having fun training them?" 

 "Oh yes," said Anita. "I've never felt anything like this before. I can't wait to go to school tomorrow and show them off." 

 "That's my girl. Just remember to take it slow at first. After a couple of weeks when everyone gets used to how they act you can have them do anything you want at school and no one will stop you. You probably could have them teach naked and no one would say a thing." 

 Sandy listened in horror to what he said. The thought of standing in front of her classes naked or even worse submitting to anyone in the school horrified her. She started to shake and tears ran down her face just thinking about it. But despite the tears and fears her body was reacting in a way she didn't expect. Her cunt was dripping and her arousal was through the roof. As humiliating as that would be she was about to climax at just the thought. 

 Dawn's thoughts were entirely different. Although she had heard the conversation her thoughts were only on how to please her mistress. School was nowhere in her mind. 

 Juan looked at his friends. "What do you say my friends? Shall we take these sluts out and try them out? I'm sure we can put them to good use." 

 All the men laughed and Juan reached out and took the leashes from the twins and walked towards the door with the slaves quickly crawling behind him. As he looked down at Sandy's tits he leaned over and jerked the nipple clamps off her tits and tossed them to Anita. "I have my own toys sweetheart." 

 Susanna called out "Remember Dad, you can only use her ass and mouth. I just had her pierced yesterday." 

 Anita looked down at Sandy, "you are not allowed to cum slut! Each time you cum earns you an hour at the glory hole collecting more cum. Dad keep track for me, OK?" 

 "Sure thing honey," Juan called back over his shoulder as the sluts crawled after him down the hall. 

 Juan looked at his friends; he had handpicked these men just for this day. Each was well endowed with a cock at least nine inches long and two inches in diameter with the exception of George. George had the reputation of producing massive amounts of cum. He could cum multiple times in amounts that several men could not match. He had used these men before to break in new slaves. The point was to fuck them so hard and so deep that they would remember this afternoon for a long time. When these men finished these slaves would be able to take anyone in any hole. He had hoped that Susanna would have waited on the piercing till after today but using the sluts ass and mouth would have to do for now. He would have Susanna bring her back to work over her cunt in a week or so. 

 But first things first, now it was time to make them understand who was in charge. They would soon realize that he was the true master of this house. Juan led the group down the hall past the front door and towards the back of the mansion. Just before entering the kitchen he turned and opened a door that led downstairs to the basement. At the bottom of the steps he stopped and unlocked another door and walked into a large room. 

 Both Dawn and Sandy gasped when they looked around the room. It looked like they had entered into a medieval dungeon. There were racks, cages, chains, whips, and coils of ropes. Sandy froze at the entrance. Her body wouldn't move. She was petrified with fear, the sight of all the equipment and the five large men stopped her in her tracks. 

 Dawn on the other hand remembered only the last command given to her by her mistress, "You do exactly as you are told." She followed Susanna's dad and ignored everything else around her. Juan smiled at Sandy's reaction. Although he had seen that look many times before, that look of fear and arousal combining to stop all body functions. He loved it. He knew that when they finished she would soon be addicted to the humiliation of being nothing more than a cum bucket. Although tonight would go far to that goal it was just the beginning of the process. Anita had done a good job of making her submissive and compliant, the addiction to humiliation and cum was to start tonight. 

 Juan leaned over and jerked Sandy's leash, "Stand up slut and hold out your hands." 

 Sandy slowly stood up and raised her arms. Juan grabbed her hands and quickly closed a set of shackles hanging from the ceiling beside him. He nodded over to George who was standing next to a panel by the door. George reached up and pulled a lever and the chain connected to the shackles rose towards the ceiling. Sandy soon was standing on her toes with her hands stretched upwards. He then stooped down and grabbed an ankle and attached it to a cuff attached to a chain running across the floor. He did the same to the other ankle and nodded to George again. George pulled another lever and Sandy's legs were spread till she was tightly stretched with her legs spread wide and arms attached to the ceiling. The only thing touching the floor was her toes. But this offered little comfort. Sandy was now totally helpless and totally exposed. 

 Juan looked over at Michael and James, "Well men, pick your poison and get to work." 

 The two men walked over to a table, James grabbed a ring gag, nipple and clit clips, weights and a blindfold. James grabbed a flogger, an electric prod and a paddle. Both me then walked over to the helpless slave. 

 James grabbed Sandy's face and looked into her eyes, "I'm going to enjoy this slave." Then took the blindfold and covered her eyes. 

 Sandy's life had changed so much in the last couple of days. She was once an independent strong teacher in control of everything in her life. Even though her and Dawn played control games with her submitting to her friend, they were exactly that, games. Now in just three days she had lost all control over anything in her life. She was now naked and shackled, stretched, and helpless in what could only be described as a dungeon. She listened to the men grabbing things off the table and although she didn't know what they grabbed she knew that they were going to be used on her. 

 The feeling in her stomach was fear, but was that fear of what they were going to do to her? Or did she fear that her body was craving what they were about to do to her? That craving that was gnawing away at her mind and breaking down her morals and driving her to ever increasing acts of depravity? Sandy thought back to what Anita had put her through and then watching herself on TV when she returned to her apartment. As each act of submission was played out in front of her eyes, she was no longer disgusted but excited. Her mind now knew no shame, and that lack of shame only increased her craving for more. 

 As the world around her had disappeared behind the blindfold, Sandy's body went into overdrive. Every touch, every sound only increased her desire for more. When James pulled open her jaw and inserted the ring gag she almost came right then. She then felt someone's hands caressing her ass followed quickly by a hard swat with a paddle. Sandy lurched forward but could not stop the feeling as pain shot through her ass and straight to her cunt. As the pain in her ass was still pulsing a clip was suddenly clamped on her right nipple. She groaned and started to breathe rapidly through her mouth. Before she could process the sensations another blow to her ass, this time to her other cheek had her struggling to move away. Her mouth clamped down on the ring gag as drool started to poor out of her mouth and cover her tits. Sandy was just coming to grips with the pain and arousal when James clipped another nipple. This time Sandy didn't try to get away her craving was taking over and she pushed her chest out to ask for more. 

 James smiled and knelt down in front of the slut and stroked her cunt. Sandy groaned and pushed forward as far as she could, trying to offer her cunt to anyone who wanted it. As he stroked her clit he rolled it between his fingers then quickly closed the clit clamp tightly around her bud. 

 Sandy screamed as the pain coursed through her body. But instead of eliminating her arousal it only drove it to levels she had never experienced before. Sandy climaxed! She not only climaxed she lost all control of her body functions. She started pissing and cumming all at once and the humiliation of pissing and losing control only increased the high and was driving her mind to crave even more. 

 Sandy's mind was in a world of its own with all the sensations of pain and orgasms that were flowing through every inch of her body she no longer desired to get away but to let go and accept her fate as a total slut. 

 Michael and James continued to paddle, flog, stroke, finger fuck Sandy until she slumped and was no longer responsive. Sandy had climaxed at least four times with each being more intense that the last. When the last climax hit her she passed out. Her mind could not process all the sensations. 

 Juan smiled and motioned to George to lower the slut. George quickly reached out and moved the levers and lowered Sandy to the floor. Michael and James quickly gathered the slave and placed her on a small table. Within minutes Sandy arms and legs were attached to moveable arms extending from the ends of the table. These arms allowed her body to be maneuvered into any position they wanted. 

 During all this Dawn watched in fascination. Although she knew Sandy was her best friend her mind didn't process what was happening to her. She watched as Sandy body convulsed as the ever increasing orgasms wracked her body. She even felt a little twinge of jealously wishing it was her experiencing the massive climaxes. Susanna had denied her any orgasm for the last few days but had kept her in such a state of arousal she would do anything to satisfy her desire. 

 Juan looked at the chained slut still kneeling at his feet. He then instructed her, "slut go over and make good use of your mouth on Hank and you better make him happy or you will be suspended by those chains on your body." 

 Dawn quickly crawled over to Hank who was sitting in a chair watching and waiting for his turn at one of the slaves. As dawn approached he opened his legs allowing her to crawl between them and pulled his shorts down his legs. When his massive cock popped out from the waist band Dawn gasped as she had never seen a cock that large. Not only was it a full nine inches long it had to be the size of a beer can the entire length. She grabbed the massive cock with both hands. Her small hands didn't come close to wrapping completely around its girth. She slowly started stroking his cock and licking around the mushroom head, trying to moisten it in order to try to swallow the massive organ. Hank smiled as he had seen that look before with previous slaves. The look of fear at how this thing would fit in any hole in their body. But it didn't matter; it was just a matter of time before this pretty petite slave was broken and eagerly accepting it in whatever orifice he wanted. 

 Dawn licked, spit and drooled on the cock in front of her face, then stretched her jaws as far as she could and tried to swallow the bulbous head into her mouth. As the head started to push past her teeth all breath was cut off and breathing was only accomplished through her nose. Dawn's jaws were already hurting and the cock was only a couple of inches inside her warm mouth. She tried to move her tongue to pleasure him but there was little room as the cock completely filled her opening. 

 Hank was growing impatient waiting on her to swallow more and grabbed the sides of her head and pushed down. Dawn's eyes grew wide as the cock entered her throat and her gag reflex started to kick in. Hank smiled as he knew that when she gagged her throat dilated and allowed him to push further down her throat. Dawn now had almost 6 inches in her mouth and down her throat and was gagging and getting light headed as all air was now cutoff. Her brain was panicking as it was now starving for oxygen. Hank pulled back her head and said, "better not bite me slut or you will not walk out of here." 

 Dawn nodded as she gasped for breath and pushed the massive cock back down her throat. Tears were streaming down her face as she fought to control her gagging and please the cock now pumping in and out of her mouth. Hank was enjoying not only the feeling of the former teacher's mouth on his organ but of the effort she was giving to swallow the whole unit. Dawn continued to bob her head up and down his cock slowly taking more and more of its girth into her mouth and down her throat. Hank knew it wouldn't be long before he blasted his load as Dawn was now almost swallowing the entire cock. Her jaw was starting to cramp and her eyes were watering and her vision was blurry as she felt the cock grow even larger. 

 Hank grabbed her head and held it in place as his cock started to blast his seed down her throat. Dawn choked as his cum shot down her gullet. Hank backed his cock up till the head was now in her mouth and continued to shoot blast after blast inside her mouth. With his cock totally filling her mouth there was nowhere for the cum to go but down her throat, out her nose, or out the sides of her mouth and down her chin. Dawn despite the pain in her jaws she felt a feeling of accomplishment as she had taken the massive organ totally down her throat and pleased her master. Her cunt was now dripping as she was accepting her role as a cum slut. 

 When Hank finally stopped spurting his cum into the slut he slowly pulled his cock from her mouth and wiped it off with her hair. He roughly pushed her back and looked at the cum covered slut sitting on the floor at his feet. "Don't waste that cum, slut. Swallow it all." 

 Dawn looked up at the massive man and used her hands to gather the cum that covered her body and licked them clean. 

 Juan walked over to the semi-conscious slave strapped to the table. Her head was hanging over the edge and the ring gag was removed. In this position there would be no restriction when the men fucked her mouth and straight down her throat. Her legs were spread wide and elevated so now there was full access to both her cunt and ass. It was time to initiate her to the world of slutdom. Juan walked over to the table and grabbed a bottle of water and poured it over her head. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 05 ****** bysadkins116© Sandy woke from her stupor and struggled to grasp her surroundings, momentarily forgetting where she was. As her head cleared she realized that she was totally exposed and helpless to prevent the men from using her body anyway they desired. Instead of fear or dread it was a craving that filled her body and mind. Her cunt still drenched from her earlier climaxes pulsed with anticipation of what was about to happen. As she looked at the men approaching her, her mind anticipated what was about to happen and produced massive amount of endorphins increasing her cravings and causing her body to tremble with excitement. 

 Juan was standing between Sandy's legs looking down at her exposed cunt and plugged ass. Looking over at Dawn as she was finishing cleaning the cum from her fingers. "Get over here slut." He grabbed the plug and pulled it out of Sandy's ass. 

 Dawn crawled over beside her master. "Get your tongue up her ass and get it ready for our cocks. We can't use you pussy but we can surely make good use of your mouth." Dawn quickly positioned her head between Sandy's legs and lowered her mouth to the gaping asshole in front of her. She extended her tongue and quickly rimed the dilated hole before inserting her tongue and fucking her friend's ass. 

 Dawn's programming was firmly in place as she felt at peace licking and fucking the puckered hole. Even though the act she was performing was depraved and humiliating her cunt was responding and her body's arousal levels were increasing. She wished that the studs lining up behind her were about to use her body instead of the slut in front of her. 

 Suddenly Dawn's mind for a brief moment stopped. The woman in front of her was no longer her best friend and fellow teacher. It was nothing more than a depository for cum, cum that Dawn craved in her body and mouth. The slut no longer had a name but was now her competitor for the cum that was now available in the room. 

 Juan looked around the room at the men, all now naked and supporting huge erections and surrounding the restrained slut. 

 "OK guys, here is how we are going to proceed. George, you are going to start us off by using the slut's ass. We can't let Hank go till last otherwise she'll be too stretched out for the rest of us." All the men laughed as his cock was easily twice as thick as anyone else' cock. "When you finish and blow your load the slut on the floor will clean her out for the next man. That will be her job as the clean-up slut. Cleaning up any cum deposited in any hole. I am going to start with her mouth. James you take her cunt as soon as George and the slut finish. Michael you start fucking the floor slut's ass while we work on the table slut. After the first go around it's any hole open for anyone who wants it. Got it?" 

 All the men nodded their heads in agreement as George and Juan took their positions at Sandy's mouth and cunt. 

 Sandy had closed her eyes and enjoyed Dawn's tongue exploring her ass and tuned out any conversations around her. Her body was now in hyper drive anticipating the fuck fest about to start. When Juan pushed his cock in front of her face and wiped his pre-cum across her face, Sandy opened her mouth and chased the object of her desires trying to swallow it down her throat. Then Sandy felt George pushing his cock into her ass. Her mind exploded with desire. George wasn't gentle, shoving it all the way to his balls in one push. 

 Sandy screamed as even though her ass was somewhat dilated and lubricated it wasn't ready for his size or length. As the scream left her throat Juan pushed his cock into her mouth and began to fuck her face, increasing the depth of his thrusts with each push. Sandy was in heaven as she was skewered between the two cocks now working in rhythm and seeming to meet in the middle of her body. Her body and mind exploded in orgasm. Her mind receiving the humiliation it craved and her ass receiving the penetration it craved. Combined this caused her cunt to squirt her cum in amazing volume against George's stomach and down his legs, forming a puddle at his feet. Dawn seeing the pussy juice on the floor dropped her head and licked up the mess and cleaned her way up his legs. All the men watched as Dawn and Sandy's expressions of pure bliss matched. 

 George was first to climax and he reputation for having massive loads was well earned as he continued to pound her ass as his cum squirted out around his cock with each thrust. It was now his cum dripping onto the floor and Dawn quickly licked it up savoring every drop. As he stepped away Dawn quickly enveloped his cock with her mouth cleaning every drop from his now flaccid cock. She then turned and started on the slut's ass drinking every drop and digging for more. 

 Juan watching the scene in front of him quickened his pace as his climax was rapidly approaching. Sandy feeling his cock swelling and filling with cum doubled her efforts to drain his cock. Her mind remembered the glory hole of only a day ago and was now craving his cum. When Juan exploded into her mouth she clamped down determined not to miss a drop. 

 As soon as the two men stepped away from the slut they were replaced by Michael and Hank. James quickly shoved his cock into her cunt and started pounding. Hank shoved his cock down her throat. As both men worked to get into a rhythm Michael knelt down behind Dawn and worked his cock into her ass. 

 Dawn was now happy even if the pain was intense as she was now being fucked. Her body needing to climax so desperately as Susanna had denied her for so long. Sandy now faced Hank's massive cock at the entrance to her throat. After blowing Juan and having the ring gag in her mouth for so long her jaws were aching. But she was determined to satisfy any cock that was presented to her. 

 As each man climaxed and pulled out of whatever hole he was using Dawn quickly moved into position to clean up the messes. After about an hour everyone stood back as Hank took his position at Sandy's ass. She was hardly aware of anything around her as her orgasms blended together and left her in a comatose state. However when he started to push his massive cock up her ass her eyes opened and she tried to move away from the huge intruder. But she was tightly restrained and her sphincter gave way as he shoved the baseball bat size cock into her rectum. 

 Her scream echoed off the walls as the pain was more than anything else she had experienced before. Luckily after being ass-fucked at least four other times there was still plenty of lubrication and her ass was stretched and limber. But nothing could compare to the girth of Hank's cock. When he finally bottomed out deep in her bowels and started to slowly pump in and out the pain subsided and her arousal returned. However after already cumming twice before it was going to be awhile before he would climax again. But Sandy was in no shape to resist, after repeated climaxes her body quickly climbed that ladder and she was soon about to orgasm again. Hank feeling his climax approaching, quickened his pace which pushed her over the edge one more time. When he felt her ass gripping his cock it took him over the edge and he shot his last load deep in her ass. 

 As he pulled out of her ass everyone gasped as Sandy's ass was stretched beyond belief. Dawn quickly pounced on Hanks deflated cock and licked and sucked him clean. She then turned to Sandy's ass and instead of shoving her tongue into her ass, took her hand and slowly inserted it into the gaping hole. Sandy moaned as her friend now had her fist in her ass and was flexing her fingers. When she pulled it out it was covered in cum, she smiled and licked her hand clean. 

 All the men stood there with their mouths open. They had never seem a slut do that without being told. Juan smiled and said "I think our work is done. Well done gentlemen." They each shook hands and stood looking at the two sluts, Sandy restrained on the table and Dawn kneeling on the floor licking her fingers. The men gathered their clothes and quickly dressed when Juan said "hey guys help me get the slut off the table and back upstairs. It's time to give them back to my daughters." The men quickly released Sandy and Hank picked her up and threw her over his shoulder and started out the door. James grabbed Dawn's leash and followed Hank. 

 When the men arrived back upstairs the ladies had moved outside to the patio. Hank asked Anita. "Where do you want her." 

 "Do me a favor and put her by the gate. I'll be leaving shortly. Thanks." 

 "No problem. It was my pleasure." 

 James was just behind Hank with Dawn crawling after him. "How about her?" 

 "Just leave her I'll take care of her soon." 

 Hank and James waited for a couple of minutes for the rest of the guys to arrive then the four men walked out the gate laughing and talking about their afternoon. 

 When Juan arrived the girls asked how it went. Juan smiled and recounted the afternoon's adventures. When he told Anita about how many times Sandy climaxed she smiled and said, "I guess my slave is going to be very popular at the glory hole. By the end of the week the line will be out the door waiting on a turn." 

 Christina looked over at Anita, smiled and said, "Remember dear although we have a lot of control in the community you can't have her sucking off the entire city. There are limits, and remember you don't want her to catch diseases." 

 "Alright mom, I'll only have her go there a day or two. I have an idea of having her drink a glass of cum while teaching her class. I think that will break down any residual barriers." 

 "You are definitely just like me, only more devious," Christina answered. 

 Susanna was the first to leave, grabbing Dawns leash and taking her to the car. Dawn's body was covered in cum. Although she had licked a lot of it off between all the men ejaculating in every hole and Sandy squirting everywhere Dawn was now a sticky mess. Her hair was matted about her face and her ass was caked with dried cum that had leaked out. 

 Susanna looked down and told her "you ride in the trunk slut. You are a mess, but I'm proud of you. You performed well." Dawn smiled; something she had not done in what seemed forever. She had pleased her mistress. When they got to the car parked in front of the mansion Susanna opened the trunk and Dawn climbed in. She tossed her coat in on top of her and climbed into the driver's seat and headed to Dawn's apartment. When they arrived Susanna opened the trunk and looked down at her slave teacher who was now sleeping peacefully. She reached down and shook her awake and said, "put your coat on and go inside." Dawn woke with a start and followed her instructions. 

 Once inside Dawn removed her coat and knelt down beside the door. Susanna looked at the naked slut and smiled. "You've had a big day today. I want you to take a shower and clean up. When you've finished I'll have your dinner ready." 

 "May I walk mistress?" She asked. 

 "Yes you may slut." 

 Dawn quickly walked to the bathroom to enjoy the shower. A half an hour later Dawn returned to the kitchen and dropped to her knees beside her bowls. What surprised her was it was filled not with kibbles but actual food. Susanna had opened a can of beef stew as a reward for her good behavior. Dawn eagerly dove into the bowl and licked it clean. Having normal food for the first time in days was wonderful. Her face was covered in the gravy but she didn't mind. She couldn't remember having a better meal. 

 Susanna looked down at her slave and said, "Clean your face and go to bed. Set your alarm for five thirty. Tomorrow I want you to plug your ass and insert your vibrating egg in your slutty cunt. Put on your coat and go to school. I want you there by six. Go to the girl's gym locker room. Your clothes will be in locker 1200, along with your makeup and hair dryer. Take a shower; fix your hair and makeup while naked. Then get dressed and leave your coat in the locker and go to your room. I will meet you there at seven. Do you understand slut?" 

 "Yes mistress." Dawn then crawled to the bathroom to complete her tasks. 

 Anita looked over at her slave who was just now stirring lying on the grass beside the gate. "Looks like she's coming around, I guess it's time to leave." Anita leaned over and kissed her mother on the cheek. I love you mom. You've made me very happy." 

 Christina smiled and looked up at her daughter. "I love you too sweetheart." 

 Susanna turned and walked over to her slave teacher and grabbed her leash. "It's time to go slut, get up and walk to the car." 

 Sandy slowly rolled over and tried to stand. Her legs were like jelly and her mind was confused. She wasn't sure where she was or exactly what had happened but her body still tingled from residual effects of the multiple orgasms. Anita walked out the gate and the slave staggered after her. When they got to the car Anita opened the trunk, "Get in slut, you are a mess." Sandy crawled in and lay down; she was asleep before the lid closed. 

 Twenty minutes later they arrived at Sandy's apartment. When Anita opened the trunk, her slave was snoring lightly. "Wake up slut; we're at your apartment." Anita said while gently shaking Sandy awake. 

 As Sandy opened her eyes and looked up at her mistress she cried "I'm sorry mistress, I couldn't help myself, I couldn't stop cumming. Please don't punish me. I promise I won't cum again without your permission." 

 Anita smiled, even in an almost comatose state her first thought was to obey me. I wonder how far I can push her till she starts to humiliate herself to get off. 

 "Here is your coat. Put it on and follow me inside." She then turned and walked into the apartment. Sandy slowly rose from the trunk and slipped on the coat. She didn't bother to tie it; she just wrapped it around her body. As she became more aware she realized that everything hurt. Her ass and cunt were so sore it made it difficult to walk. He throat was also so sore it was hard to swallow. Her face and body seemed to be covered in a sticky crust which she could only assume was dried cum. 

 Once inside she dropped her coat inside the door and dropped to her knees. It wasn't to wait on instructions it was because she couldn't walk any further. 

 "Crawl to bed slut, I'll set your alarm and leave you food and instructions on the table. Make sure you follow them and I'll see you tomorrow." Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 06 ****** bysadkins116© Just a word to the readers: 

 First let me apologize for taking so long to get this chapter submitted. I know where I want to go with the story line and how I want to finish it. But getting there from here will take a little while. I want to thank those of you who commented and suggestions help, even the negative ones. I want to hear from you. However if this fantasy is not for you, move on. There are much better authors and certainly every type of story and or fantasy on this website. 

 Second I want to thank the volunteer editors that have been working with me to make my story at least readable. But the key word here is volunteer. They have lives outside of helping hacks like me with my writing. So thanks to Whordinarygirl and hmauthor for all their help and putting up with me contacting them while trying to live their real lives. If you ever write a story for this site make sure you use an editor. You will be surprised at how many errors you make no matter how many times you proofread. 

 Third chapter 7 is at the editor and should be submitted soon and I am currently finishing chapter 8 so hopefully your wait will not be as long as it has been this time. 

 Synopsis: Two young teachers are enslaved by a powerful couple and given to their twin 18 year old daughters. The two teenagers took control of them on the second day of the new school year and proceeded to force them into increasingly depraved acts to eliminate any resistance and deepen their submission. Over the course of the next couple of days, the teachers were forced to endure the total loss of any control of their lives. They finished the weekend in a basement dungeon enduring a gang bang by five men who were very well endowed. Now it is Monday and they return to school as slut slave teachers, totally submissive to the two teenage student mistresses. 

 You should read the previous chapters to get a handle of their adventures so far. 

 ***** 

 Sandy woke to the alarm clock. It was still dark and she wasn't sure where she was or how she got there. She looked over at it and blinked her eyes trying to focus on the numbers. She rubbed her eyes scrapping off the crust coating them making it hard to focus. It was five thirty. How she got in her bed was a mystery. The last thing her foggy brain recalled was lying on a table and swallowing the largest cock she had ever seen. She slowly sat up on the side of the bed but couldn't sit straight. Her ass hurt too bad, it felt like she had passed a bowling ball. Her body felt like she had been run over by a truck and her pussy was on fire. She looked at her wrists and ankles, seeing bruises from the cuffs. As she stood, her legs were barely functioning as she staggered to the bathroom. 

 When she turned on the light and saw herself in the mirror, she started to cry. Her body was covered in dried cum. Her cunt was an angry red color and she wasn't sure if it would ever be the same again. She turned around and spread her cheeks and looked at her ass. She grimaced as there was dried blood in the crack and her rosebud was swollen and very red. She turned and looked at her face. Her hair was plastered to her face and her throat was raw. She turned on the water and started to splash her face to clear the fog, but then she remembered to check her instructions. As the fog started to clear, yesterday was slowly coming back to her. Sandy's memory was returning; her visit to the Martinez' mansion and most of what had happened was coming back to her. 

 Sandy walked out to the kitchen and on the table was a note, along with a large butt plug and Ben-Wa balls attached to it with a wire. She sat down and grimaced as the pain in her ass shot through her body. She picked up the note and read: 

 Good morning slut, here are your instructions for this morning. 

    1. You are not to shower or clean up at all. 

    2. 

    3. You are to insert the plug in your ass and the balls in your slutty cunt. 

 

 

 

 Your breakfast is waiting in your bowls. Eat and use the bathroom. 

    1. Put your coat on and drive to school, make sure you are there by six       o'clock. 

    2. 

    3. Go to the boy's locker room. Your clothes will be in locker 100, along       with anything you will need to get ready. 

    4. 

    5. Take a shower and stay naked and plugged while drying your hair and doing       your makeup. Make sure you look as slutty as possible. 

    6. 

    7. When you finish, dress and go to your classroom. 

    8. 

    9. When you get there, strip and kneel by the door and wait on my arrival. 

 

 

 Hopefully I won't be late. I would hate for you to be discovered naked on your third day on the job. By the way, don't be late, the boys have early morning practice and start showing up around 7. 

 Sandy looked at the time; it was already 5:45. She would have to hurry to comply with her instructions. She quickly grabbed the plug and balls and walked to the bathroom. She sat down on the toilet and tried to go, but when she started to pee the pain was severe. When she started to shit, her ass screamed in pain. How was she ever going to put the new plug into her ass? It was at least twice as big as the last one. After she finished going and the pain lessened, she reached over and grabbed the lube and started to lube her ass. Even though it hurt like hell, she had no problem inserting two, then three fingers. Her ass was no longer tight after yesterday. She wondered if it would ever be the same again. With her ass greased, she took the plug and pushed it against her rosebud to slide it in. Surprisingly it went in without much resistance. She then took the balls and shoved them into her sore cunt. 

 Sandy stood and took a couple of steps getting used to the intruders inserted in her body. Her mind was now taking over as the humiliating tasks ahead started to arouse her abused body. Her cunt started to moisten and her nipples hardened. Sandy's humiliation training was taking hold and her mind was starting to crave the feeling. 

 She walked to the kitchen and knelt down and ate her breakfast of kibbles and drank some water. Everything tasted like cum even though there wasn't any on her food this time. She quickly finished her breakfast, stood, picked up her coat and walked to her car. 

 Dawn heard her alarm and woke from a sound sleep. She turned over and looked at the clock. It was five thirty; she remembered her instructions and got up. She padded to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. Her hair was a mess and her lips were swollen. Dawn's body hurt but it wasn't as bad as she expected. Other than a sore throat and a very sore asshole she felt OK. She wished her mistress had given her permission to brush her teeth as all she could taste was cum. Hopefully when she got to school, she would be allowed to then. She walked to the kitchen and grabbed the plug and egg. The plug was noticeably larger than the one before. Dawn wasn't sure if she would be able to get it into her ass. She walked to the bathroom and grabbed the lube. She squeezed a large amount on her hand and rubbed it on the plug and egg. She then proceeded to spread it over her sore asshole. Although it burned, she was surprised her fingers easily inserted into her backdoor. Her ass was well stretched after yesterday's fuckfest. Dawn bent over and placed the plug at her opening and pushed. The plug pushed in almost halfway on the first push. She pulled it back a little and pushed again and it popped into her anal opening. Dawn started to breath as the intruder took some getting used to. She then grabbed the egg and gently pushed it into her cunt. As she walked out of the bathroom, she had a little trouble standing and walking as her body adjusted to the larger items inserted into her orifices. She grabbed her coat and headed to her car. 

 The drive to school took about 10 minutes. Dawn was fine sitting in the driver's seat even with her coat slightly open exposing her cunt. As soon as she turned onto the street and saw the school, the anxiety and gravity of her situation hit her like a ton of bricks. She was about to enter her school naked except for a coat that barely covered her. Her holes were plugged and she didn't know what she would be allowed to wear to class. She started to hyperventilate as she turned into the parking lot. Luckily there were only a couple of cars there. Hopefully she would be able to get to the girl's locker room without being seen. As she got out, her coat flew open and exposed her to anyone who happened to be looking. Dawn blushed, quickly wrapped it back around her body, and ran to the door. 

 Once inside, she realized that the locker room was on the other side of the school. She would have to walk past the main office and down the hall to reach it. Dawn tightly held the coat around her body but it did little good. Every step it parted and exposed her pussy. As she approached the office, she didn't see one of the assistants coming out of the break room. 

 Julie saw Dawn and noticed how she was dressed. She immediately noticed that she wasn't wearing anything under the coat and thought she saw something shiny dangling down her body. The last time she saw a teacher dressed like this she quit a few weeks later. Julie was surprised it was Dawn Reynolds, the 11th grade math teacher. Dawn was one of the prettiest teachers in the school. She knew that over the last few years there always seemed to be one teacher that pushed the dress code and there were always rumors about some of their actions. She also noticed that they always ended up in the principal's office and whenever they left, they seemed to be a little flushed. Julie made up her mind to keep an eye on her. 

 Dawn quickly hurried down the hall and entered the girl's locker room. She found locker 1200 and opened the door. She gasped when she saw the clothes she was expected to wear. Hanging there was a white scoop neck tee shirt that was very short. She looked at the size and it was an extra small. She normally wears a medium. Hanging beside it was a short, black, latex skirt. It was only about a foot long. On the bottom of the locker was a pair of 6" stiletto heels to complete the outfit. 

 Dawn was starting to panic. How was she going to be able to cover her chains attached from her tits to her cunt and teach her classes? She quickly took off her coat and ran into the shower. Dawn was worried that a student would walk into the room and catch her naked and plugged. She took probably the fastest shower on record. She looked around and there were no towels to be found. She realized that she would have to air dry or get dressed wet. She walked back to the locker and grabbed the cosmetic case and went to the sinks to put on her face and dry her hair. 

 Ten minutes later, she was back at the locker and started to dress. With no underwear, she slipped the top on and realized it was very tight and barely came down to her bellybutton. Her nipple rings and chains attached to them were easily noticeable. She then grabbed the skirt and slipped it past her hips. When she zipped it up and brought it up to her top, it ended up only a couple of inches below her cunt. If she pulled it down to make sure she didn't flash everyone her ass, there was a two inch gap between her top and skirt. That meant that her chains were in plain view. She slipped on the shoes and sat down on the bench and started to cry. 

 The humiliation came crushing down on her like a ton of bricks. The realization of her situation crushed her spirit. The thought of disobeying never entered her mind, but standing in front of a class or students dressed like this and exposing her slave chains was overwhelming. 

 She placed her coat in the locker and walked out the door. As she walked down the hall she passed a few students and staff. Dawn couldn't look them in the eyes. As she walked past them she heard whispers and giggles. She was in a constant state of embarrassment. But what was more humiliating was she was very excited. Her cunt was dripping and starting to leak down her thighs. Her nipples, already prominently displayed, were now fully aroused and threatening to poke holes through the thin top. 

 When she reached her room, she shut the door and dropped to her knees and cried. How she was going to survive the day was beyond comprehension. She sat there on the floor and waited for her mistress to arrive, hoping that she would bring her a more reasonable outfit. 

 Sandy arrived at school ten minutes after six. She was late, hopefully her mistress wouldn't find out. She parked near Dawn's car and rushed to the door. By the time she entered the schoo,l the Ben-Wa balls were working their magic. Sandy's cunt was drenched and starting to leak down her thighs. As she walked down the hallway past the office and turned the corner, she ran into Julie one of the office assistants. Sandy almost jumped out of her skin as she didn't expect to see anyone. 

 Julie looked at the nearly naked teacher walking barefoot through school wearing only a coat and gasped. "Miss Hauser! Why are you dressed like this and what is all over your body? You smell like, like sex!" 

 Sandy didn't know what to say. She stuttered and blushed down to her toes. "I - I - I was out late last night and decided to shower and dress here." 

 "But where are your clothes? You don't have any with you. And is that dried cum covering your face?" As she reached out and pulled open Sandy's coat, Sandy was panicking. She quickly pulled her coat closed and looked down at the ground. The humiliation of getting caught naked and covered in cum by Julie was overwhelming. Her mind was now taking over her body as the craving for humiliation and the accompanying arousal was peaking. She felt her pussy pulsing around the balls and her nipples were so hard they hurt. She looked at Julie and said, "I have clothes in a locker to wear, Miss Julie." As she tried to push past the stunned coworker to continue down the hall. 

 Julie was surprised by how Sandy Hauser addressed her. Something in her mind clicked and she decided to push the cowering teacher some more. "Stop right there, your classroom is in the other hall and this hallway leads to the boy's locker room. Why would you have clothes in there?" 

 Sandy stopped dead in her tracks. Time was getting away from her. Soon there would be boys showing up and she still needed to shower and dress. She needed to get away from this woman. "Please, I have to go clean up and dress. May I stop by after that and talk about this? Please?" 

 Julie walked around the panicked teacher and grabbed her coat. Sandy started to stop her but Julie slapped her hands. "Keep your hands down by your side." Sandy dropped her hands as Julie opened her coat and pushed it off her shoulders. As it fell to the ground, Julie gasped as she looked at the naked teacher. "Turn around and let me see you." 

 Sandy didn't think she could ever be more embarrassed than she was at this moment. She slowly turned around and displayed her body to her now dominating coworker. Julie laughed when she saw the large anal plug inserted in her ass. "What do we have here?" Julie grabbed the plug and moved it around in her ass. 

 Sandy moaned as Julie started to fuck her ass with the plug and said, "it's my anal plug, Miss Julie." 

 "You know, only a slut would report to work in this condition, SLUT." Sandy cringed at the words, but her mind was craving the attention. Her body was now beyond control and the whole world centered on her cunt. Sandy was about to orgasm right there in the main hallway, naked, in front of a coworker. 

 Julie released the plug and bent down and grabbed her coat. "OK slut, here is what is going to happen. You are going to go take your shower and dress. You will then go to your class and complete your day. After school you will come back to my office and we will continue what you will do to keep this private. Understand slut? I will give you your coat back then." 

 Sandy moaned as she realized she now had to make it to the locker room naked. She nodded her head and took off running down the hall to the locker room. 

 By the time she reached the locker room, the balls in her cunt were bouncing off her "G" spot and she experienced a massive orgasm. Sandy dropped to her knees as it coursed through her body, leaving her lying on the floor trembling. After what seemed like forever, but in reality was only a couple of minutes, she regained her senses and looked around her. She was lying on the floor just inside the locker room door. Sandy stood up and noticed that locker 100 was right beside her. If anyone entered, she would have no time to cover herself and getting caught was even more likely. 

 Sandy quickly opened the locker and grabbed the clothes, shoes, and cosmetic bag and ran to the showers. She threw everything on the counter by the sink and rushed into the large bay showers to clean up. She knew the time was getting short as the water cascaded down her body, but she couldn't drag her body away from the warm water. Five minutes later, Sandy strolled out and realized she had no way to dry her body. Sandy reached over and grabbed her dress and dried her face so she could apply her makeup. With nothing to dry her hair with she pulled it back and put it into a pony tail. 

 As she looked at her body in the mirror her shoulders slumped. Sandy no longer had any hope of escape. Even if her mistress released her, she had been caught naked in school by Miss Julie. In spite of this, Sandy's mind was wallowing in the humiliation. It was receiving what it needed and filling her body with the arousal and it craved more. 

 Sandy looked at the time and jumped. It was almost seven o'clock. There would be students arriving any moment. She was still naked and soaking wet. She grabbed the dress and looked at it. It was a lightweight halter dress. There was no back and the top had two very narrow strips that would cover her tits. When she slipped it over her head and it dropped down over her body, she realized it was very short, stopping just below her crotch. If she pulled the ties up so her tits were covered, it was so short her ass would stick out. When she dropped it down to cover her cunt, the back was below the crack of her ass and the strips barely covered her tits. There was no possible way she could teach dressed like this. But right now she needed to get out of the locker room. But she had little choice. She grabbed the cosmetic case, ran to the locker, threw it inside and ran out the door. Just as she stepped outside the locker room, she ran into two large black students. Sandy gasped as she ran into the nearest student and almost fell off her stiletto heels. 

 Jason and Thomas were just reaching the locker room door. They were there for morning weight training. Jason played middle linebacker for the football team. He stood 6' 4 tall and weighed 240 pounds. His body was sculpted and he was very handsome. 

 Thomas also played and was the starting running back. Thomas was only 5' 10 and 210 pounds he also was in great shape. Both young men were seniors and were noted players with the girls at school. Both had reputations for having large cocks and knew how to use them. 

 Thomas was holding his smart phone about to show Jason a new feature he just discovered with the camera feature on his phone when Sandy came rushing out of the locker room. 

 Jason grunted as Miss Hauser crashed into his chest. The last thing he expected was Miss Hauser running out of the boy's locker room. Before Sandy could move, he grabbed her and kept her from falling. In doing so, he grabbed her tits and they spilled out of her dress. Both boys broke out in wide grins looking at Miss Hauser's tits. Sandy blushed and spluttered a quick moan before she pushed his hands off her tits and put them back into her dress. Thomas with his phone out and ready quickly snapped a couple of pictures of the blushing teacher with her tits spilling out of her dress. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 06 ****** bysadkins116© Sandy panicked and yelled, "Let me go!" and pushed past the two shocked students. Before they could react, she ran down the hallway and up the stairs toward her classroom. Once inside, she quickly stripped off the dress and knelt by the door and waited for her mistress. Her mind was a total jumble of everything that had happened to her in the last hour. Her cunt was soaked and dripping on the floor between her legs. The run to her room had caused the balls to bounce inside her pussy till it was all she could do to stave off another orgasm. 

 As she breathed deeply to calm her body down, Sandy was glad that now all she had to think of was to wait for her mistress and do as commanded. With all hope lost, her salvation was that her mistress would take care of her. 

 Sandy didn't have to wait long as Anita arrived a few minutes later. She had been waiting down the hall and had watched as her slave ran up the stairs and into her room. She smiled and looked at her watch. It was ten minutes past seven. 

 She guessed that Jason and Thomas had an eyeful when they arrived this morning. Anita had mentioned to Jason last Friday that there might be a surprise waiting for him this morning if he arrived on time. She knew Jason had the hots for her and figured that he would be expecting her to be there. 

 Anita looked down at the cowering slave kneeling beside the door and smiled. She noticed the growing puddle between her legs and her flushed body. She guessed that the slut had had an orgasm. She reached down and grabbed her chin and raised her face to look into her eyes. "Did you come without permission this morning slut?" 

 Sandy couldn't hide anything from her mistress and nodded as tears streamed down her face. 

 Dawn looked at the dress and shoes sitting on the desk and asked "Where is your coat? 

 Sandy started to tremble as she told Anita about getting caught in the hallway by Miss Julie and how she took her coat. She then told of her run in with the two boys when she finished showering and ran out of the locker room. 

 Anita smiled and looked at the aroused slut and said, "That must have been humiliating. I'll bet you loved it, didn't you, slut? The fact that on your third day at school, being stripped naked in the main hall and exposing your tits to the two black football players really fed your craving, didn't it slut? I'd be willing to bet your cunt is ready to explode right about now." 

 Sandy's mind and body were betraying her as her breathe was now coming in short gasps and her nipples ached they were so hard. She was blushing all the way down to her cunt and she felt an orgasm building and about to explode deep inside her body. 

 She could only nod her head because if she answered the last vestige of self- esteem would be stripped from her. 

 Anita recognized this and forced the issue. "TELL ME SLUT. TELL ME WHAT YOU ARE!" 

 Sandy, still looking into her mistress' eyes couldn't deny it any longer. In barely a whisper, "Yes mistress, I crave the humiliation. I am so excited I'm about to lose control just thinking about all that has happened this morning." 

 "What do you want, slut? 

 "I want more. I need more. I can't control myself anymore. I need to be humiliated, to be used and degraded. Please mistress, use this worthless slut. I'm begging you." She said as she dropped down and started to kiss Anita's shoes. 

 Anita smiled and bent down and patted Sandy's head like she would a pet. "There, there pet, I will satisfy your craving. Trust me you are in good hands. I will help you experience everything you desire." 

 Sandy heard her mistress and felt her touch and relaxed. She was now at peace; she was now accepting her servitude. 

 Anita grabbed Sandy's hair and pulled her up to her knees. "Get up slut. We haven't much time before school starts. Go bend over your desk and let me inspect your plugs." 

 Sandy quickly jumped up and walked to her desk to lie down. She spread her legs wide and exposed everything to Anita. 

 Anita walked over and ran her hands over her slave's back and down her hips. Sandy shivered at the touch and craved more. When Anita reached the plug protruding from her ass, she flipped a switch to position three. Now whenever Sandy sat, down the plug would vibrate from the base to the tip. It would feel like she was being fucked. Not only that, the wire attached to the Ben-wa balls would cause them to move about inside her cunt. It would continue vibrating and moving until Sandy was standing for at least thirty seconds. 

 Anita knew that when walking around the room the balls would drive her to a climax and the only relief would be to stand perfectly still or sit down. Anita wanted to make her slave willing to do anything to orgasm. 

 Sandy lying on the desk didn't notice what Anita did and waited for further instructions, hoping that she would allow her to come. 

 "Get up slave and get dressed. There is a blazer in the cabinet for you to wear over the dress; however, you cannot button it up. You will be covered but you will show a lot of cleavage. Your instructions are on the desk. Follow them exactly and don't disappoint me." Anita then quickly turned and walked out the door. 

 Sandy quickly got off the desk and looked at the time. It was now seven thirty and students would be arriving in a few minutes. She quickly put on the dress and made sure to lower it so her ass didn't show. She quickly put on the shoes and ran to the cabinet and grabbed the blazer. Just as she slipped it up her arms, the first students arrived for homeroom. Sandy blushed as she hoped they didn't see her tits that were barely covered by the dress as she put on the jacket. 

 The kids didn't seem to notice and Sandy turned back to her desk. She reached down and picked up the paper listing her instructions. 

    1. You must remain standing unless you are about to climax. You can then       sit. 

    2. 

    3. You must walk around the room at least 3 times during each class. 

    4. 

    5. You will drop something on the floor in each class and bend at the waist       to pick it up with your ass facing the class. 

    6. 

    7. If you must come you must get permission. You must be naked before you       can ask. If I am not around you will strip and FaceTime me to ask. Your       clothes cannot be within reach. 

    8. 

    9. If you need to ask more than one time, you cannot ask from the same room       twice. 

   10. 

   11. When your free period arrives you will strip put on the blindfold, cuff       your hands behind your back, and kneel just inside the door and wait for       further instruction. 

 

 

 Sandy gasped as she read the instructions. Just the thought of what she read caused her to blush. She looked out over her class and moaned as her mind started to crave the humiliation it knew was coming. Sandy smiled and started to call roll. As she did she strolled around the room. The balls imbedded in her cunt moved about and soon found her "G" spot and pushed it mercilessly. Sandy's voice caught as her arousal spiked. She wondered how she would be able to accomplish anything while suppressing the impending climax. 

 The students looked at the new teacher and wondered what was going on. Miss Hauser was just standing staring into space. Ryan, sitting next to her, nudged her and asked, "Are you OK Miss Hauser?" 

 Sandy, awoken from her arousal, nodded and looked down at the attendance sheet. She continued calling names but it didn't matter what the answer was. Sandy was on autopilot. It took all of her concentration to keep from climaxing. 

 Homeroom was the shortest period, lasting only 15 minutes. Almost as soon as she finished roll the bell rang and the students rushed out to their first class. Sandy had a few minutes reprieve before her first class. She took full advantage to rush to the front of the class to stand by her desk. At least here she could sit if necessary. 

 By the time the bell rang to start class, Sandy had regained her senses and could once again function. She looked down at her desk and realized that she had left her instructions in plain view. Anyone walking by her desk could have seen them. She quickly grabbed them and shoved them in a drawer. 

 Sandy knew she would have problems lecturing the class so she assigned a reading assignment while she worked out how to complete her task to walk around the room without having an orgasm. After standing still for the first five minutes making sure the students were engrossed in their reading, she started the long walk around the room. 

 Sandy walked slowly, that seemed to minimize the effect of those infernal balls. However it was taking a long time to complete the trip and the accumulative effect was pushing her to her climax. She started to walk faster as she needed to get to her desk before she came. Just as she reached it Sandy was barely hanging on, she needed to sit to calm herself down. 

 Sandy grabbed the chair and plopped down, momentarily forgetting about the plug in her ass. She grunted as the plug pushed further inside her, but when it started to vibrate Sandy moaned loudly. 

 Everyone in the class stared at their teacher as Miss Hauser stared blankly into space with a wide eyed expression and her mouth wide open. 

 Sandy was starting to panic, just getting to the chair without coming was difficult. Now with the plug vibrating and fucking her ass only made the problem worse. The balls now had a life of their own. She quickly stood up but it didn't stop. Sandy quickly excused herself and ran out of the classroom and ran to the restroom. 

 There was no chance to stop the impending orgasm as she burst into the first stall she came to. She quickly stripped and called her mistress. Realizing her clothes could not be in reach she threw them over the door into the main part of the room, hoping her mistress would answer the phone and give her permission before she climaxed. 

 Anita smiled as her phone vibrated knowing who it would be. She waited for a few seconds before answering. Her first sight of the slave caused her to chuckle. Sandy was naked, panting and trembling, and trying to delay her orgasm. "What do you want slave?" 

 "Please mistress, may this cum slut come;, the toys are driving me mad mistress, please...please...please have mercy on your slave. I...I...I.. NEED TO COME MISTRESSSSSSSS." 

 Anita watched in fascination at the desperate look on her slave's face. "OK slut, open the door and let me see where your clothes are." Sandy flung the door to the stall open and flashed the camera around the room showing her clothes scattered on the floor. 

 "Very good slut, crawl out of the stall and face the main door and complete your orgasm. When you are finished lick up any mess and get back to your classroom. Remember you can't use this room again if you need to come again." 

 Sandy, already on her knees, quickly crawled to the middle of the room and plunged three fingers into her needy cunt. The orgasm that had been building for the last ninety minutes crashed down and consumed her body. Sandy's vision disappeared even with her eyes wide open. The pleasure radiated out from her mind and her cunt. The two centers of the orgasm met in the middle of her body and exploded to all her extremities. She saw flashes of colors and lights as her orgasm of the mind overtook all her body functions. The humiliation her mind craved and had now received intensified the orgasmic experience, Sandy lost all control. She slumped to the floor and squirted her juices all over as the orgasm radiated from one end of her body to the other. She had no concept of time or space. She rolled around the floor as anything touching her body only increased the intensity. 

 When Sandy regained her senses and looked around her she realized she was lying on the restroom floor in a puddle of her own fluids. Her clothes strewn about her and her body was covered in sweat. She slowly rolled over onto her knees and started to lick up the fluids. She then started to panic as she had no idea of how long she had been in the room and knew someone would walk in and catch her. 

 The job of licking up all the fluids would take too long so she concentrated on the largest puddle. Sandy then grabbed her clothes and crawled into a stall. Just as she closed the door, two girls opened the door and walked into the restroom giggling and talking. Sandy, sitting on the toilet naked and barefoot remained silent, hoping they didn't notice her. 

 As soon as the girls looked around the room, both gasped as the floor was wet and slimy. "Oh God, what is that smell and what is all over the floor?" Both stopped in their tracks and quickly left the room. Sandy could hear them both complaining loudly about the conditions in the restroom. 

 Sandy breathed a sigh of relief as she wasn't discovered but she knew she only had but a few minutes to put herself together before someone else walked in. She threw on her dress, blazer and shoes and walked to the sinks to try to clean up and get back to her room. 

 When she looked in the mirror, what she saw shocked her. Her hair was a mess and her makeup was streaked about her face. Her clothes were wrinkled and her body was covered in sweat. But a feeling of contentment filled her body and mind. Her mistress had fulfilled her wildest dreams and rewarded her with an experience that completely overwhelmed her. She had orgasms before but nothing like this. 

 As Sandy cleaned up and made herself presentable, she realized that she couldn't have achieved this without her mistress' direction and she would do anything to experience it again. 

 Sandy looked at her reflection and smiled. It didn't matter what she looked like, all that mattered was to follow her orders and please her mistress. The final barrier hadn't been broken, it had been exploded. Sandy walked out the door and down to her class. She no longer cared if anyone knew what had happened. She was now fully identifying with her inner slut. 

 Dawn knelt beside the door waiting for her mistress. Her outfit exposed her and it would be impossible to cover the slave chains, which would expose her servitude. But she had little choice. There was nothing else to wear. The only thing she could do was follow her instructions and hopefully she wouldn't be fired, or worse, be forced to submit to more of her students. 

 Susanna arrived about five minutes later and looked down at her slave. "I love your outfit slut. I'm sure you will be very popular with all the boys." Dawn cringed and stared at the floor. Her mind was a jumble as she couldn't process all that was happening. What confused her more was her arousal. Her body was tingling with excitement. Her cunt was dripping and her nipples, already extended by the rings, were about to pop out of the tight top. 

 "Get up slut, strip and lie on your desk. I want to inspect your body." Dawn quickly stood and pulled her top over her head and dropped it on the floor, followed quickly by her skirt. She slipped off her heels and walked to the desk. She slowly lowered her body till her tits were pressed against the desktop. The cold top caused her to shiver and her nipples to harden even more if that was possible. 

 Susanna walked up to the prone teacher and kicked her feet further apart causing Dawn's legs to ache from the strain. She then slid her hands down the slut's back and across her ass. Dawn moaned as the feeling of her mistress' touch increased her excitement. 

 Susanna turned on the plug but moved the switch to the fourth position. In this position, when Dawn would sit the anal plug would start vibrating in a random pattern. Sometimes barely vibrating, sometimes vibrating so hard it would be painful. The length of time it would continue would also be random, from a few seconds to several minutes. It could also start randomly. Dawn had no idea what Susanna had done. She smiled and wished she could be in the room when the slut sat for the first time. 

 Susanna wanted to drive her slut to the brink of a breakdown, wanting her body to demand a climax but having her mind deny it because of her training. She wanted the teacher's mind and body to battle itself while increasing the arousal levels till something had to give. 

 Dawn's nightly subliminal training made disobeying her mistress impossible. But having the plug and egg vibrating and increasing the need to climax would push the slut to her limits. Add in the humiliation factor of all this happening in front of her class only added to the situation. 

 "Stand up slut, it's time for your instructions." 

 Dawn stood up and turned toward her mistress looking down at the floor. 

    1. You are not to c0me without permission. 

    2. 

    3. You are to sit on your desk for at least ten minutes in each class. 

    4. 

    5. You are not to cross your legs but keep your knees separated. 

    6. 

    7. If you must come you have to strip completely and put on your collar and       leash and beg me for permission. 

    8. 

    9. If I am not around you may call me to ask for permission. 

   10. 

   11. When it time for lunch you are to strip and kneel just inside the door.       You are to service anyone who walks into your room. As your cunt and ass       are filled today, use your mouth. Swallow any cum in your mouth and       spread around any left on your body. I want you to smell like cum for the       rest of the day. 

 

 

 Dawn listened to her instructions and gasped. Her eyes watered and tears ran down her face. Dawn was having trouble trying to figure out how to comply with the commands she just heard. Having to expose her pussy to each class and complying with the lunch time duties overwhelmed her brain. She simply looked up and nodded her head. 

 Susanna smiled and told her to get dressed. When her slave was finished, she walked over to her backpack and pulled out a loosely knit wrap and handed it to the slut. "Put this on and let's see how it looks." 

 Dawn grabbed the wrap and put it on. It complemented her outfit and came down to the bottom of the skirt. It had one button right at her bellybutton. With it fastened, her chains would be covered, somewhat. If you looked you could see them but at least they wouldn't be obvious. Her tits however, would still be exposed. When Dawn looked down at her tits she could still make out the piercings and the chains attached to them, it was much less noticeable. She breathed a sigh of relief and for the first time since she arrived at school she thought she might survive the day. 

 Susanna walked out the door and smiled. She wondered how long it would be before she got a call from her slut begging to come. As she walked down the hall the bell rang for homeroom. 

 Dawn stood waiting on her students to arrive. The morning so far had been nerve-racking. Between arriving almost naked and showering in the locker room, Dawn's body was tingling with excitement. Her cunt was dripping and with no underwear the moisture was sliding down her thighs. As long as she stood, it wouldn't spot her skirt. However at the rate she was juicing, it wouldn't be long till it reached her knees. 

 The bell rang to start homeroom and the students were staring at their teacher. She had never dressed like this before. Her skirt was very short stopping only a few inches below her ass. Even with the cover-up you could easily see everything under it. What surprised them even more was the tight crop top that clung to her tits and exposed her stomach. The cover-up buttoned right at her belly button but the students in the first row could make out the chains going down from her breasts down into her skirt. Dawn had hoped that the cover-up would make them less noticeable, but the expressions on the faces looking at her told her otherwise. Dawn blushed down her to chest and her breathing quickened. She quickly sat down behind her desk to try to hide, but as soon as her ass hit the seat, the plug started to vibrate. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 06 ****** bysadkins116© Dawn gasped as the vibrations coursed through her ass and straight to her cunt. Already aroused she was quickly climbing to an orgasm. Not knowing what to do, she stood up and looked at her class. Her nipples, now so hard they hurt, clearly showed through the tight top accentuating the rings and chains going down to her cunt. The vibrations stopped when she stood and gave her some relief. Humiliated but trying to remain composed, Dawn started to take roll, calling out names and marking attendance. 

 Nothing more happened and she ignored the whispers as she finished taking roll and the bell rang to signal the end of homeroom. The students quickly got up and exited the room but several of the boys made sure they walked by to get a better look at the exposed teacher blushing at the front of the class. 

 Dawn couldn't even look up at the students. She knew they could see everything and her cunt was pulsing with excitement. She wondered what she was going to do during first period when the plug started to vibrate again. It wasn't too intense but it wasn't going to take much to set her off. 

 She was just starting to panic when it stopped and her 1st period students started to arrive. As they walked into the class and past the very excited teacher, the first thing that hit them was the smell of sex followed by their teacher's outfit. Several of the boys walked up to Miss Reynolds and started to talk to her. Dawn could not look them in the eye and kept her head down looking at their chests. There were smiles all around as the boys standing close to the exposed teacher took in her entire body. 

 Richard, an 18 year old junior, reached out and touched Dawn's shoulder and pushed the wrap off it and down her arm. Dawn, now feeling totally out of control simply stood there and let it happen. When she didn't resist, he reached down and unbuttoned the wrap and it fell to the floor. Dawn was now exposed and her chains plainly in sight beneath her top and dropping down into her skirt left little to the imagination. He smiled and tugged the chain between the top and the skirt. 

 Dawn moaned as the chain pulled through the ring on her clit and doubled her arousal. The bell rang to start class and Dawn whispered, "Please go to your seats." 

 "What did you say, Miss Reynolds?" Richard said. 

 "Please go to your seat, master, I mean Richard." She moaned. 

 Richard, realizing he had an advantage, kept pulling the first chain then the other as Dawn was now lost in the feeling of the chains rubbing her clit. 

 At that moment the plug started to vibrate again and Dawn's eyes grew to the size of saucers. She couldn't climax, she didn't have permission, but with her student pulling her chains and the plug vibrating, it was a losing battle. It was everything she could do as she pushed his hands away from her and dashed out of the room. As she ran down the hall she entered the first open room she passed. She quickly looked around to see where she was. She was now standing in the middle of a supply room with shelves lining the walls. Relieved to see no one there she shut the door and quickly stripped. She didn't have her collar and leash but she quickly pulled her phone out of her pocket and called her mistress. 

 Susanna giggled as her phone vibrated. She was surprised at how soon her slave was calling. She looked at the screen and looked at the naked slave. "Where are you slut?" 

 "I'm in the supply room down the hall from my room mistress," Dawn answered as she was panting with desire. 

 "Let me see your body, slut." 

 Dawn held the phone away from her and panned her body with the camera. Susanna looked at the naked teacher and asked, "Where are your clothes?" 

 Dawn panned the camera over to the door where her clothes lay in a pile. 

 "What do you want slut? You can't be asking to come already, can you? You aren't even wearing your collar and leash." 

 "I'm sorry mistress, but the plug started to vibrate and the students took off my wrap and pulled my chains. I couldn't help myself and I ran out to call you. I forgot my leash and collar in my purse. Please forgive me mistress. I need to come! PLEASE MISTRESS, I CAN'T STAND IT, I NEED TO COME!!" 

 Susanna smiled, "You didn't follow instructions, slut. I can't let you come if you can't follow instructions." 

 Dawn fell to her knees as the vibrations grew stronger. Then out of nowhere the egg joined the plug and started to vibrate. Dawn lost all control and her body erupted in a massive orgasm. She let out a loud moan and fell to the floor. Her body wracked with tremors from her head to her toes. Her cunt squirted her fluids all over the floor as she rolled around in her fluids. The phone fell against the shelf allowing Susanna to witness it all. 

 Susann watched in amazement as her slut slave continued to shudder as the orgasm flowed through her mind and body. Dawn had a distant look in her eyes and Susanna watched as Dawn lost all awareness of where she was. 

 Susanna looked around her to make sure no one noticed her looking at her phone. She didn't want anyone to see this right now. Maybe in a couple of days, but right now, it was for only her eyes. 

 Dawn slowly regained her senses and looked around at where she was. At first she didn't recognize the room. She sat up and looked at her body. She was covered in sweat and cum and she was sitting in a large puddle of her own juices. "Oh my God, what am I going to do?" She noticed her phone leaning against the shelf and picked it up. When she looked at the display she saw Susanna's face and she broke down knowing she had failed to follow instructions. 

 "Please mistress, have mercy on me. I'm sorry to have failed you. I couldn't stop myself. Please mistress, don't punish me." 

 Susanna looked at her slut she wondered how far she could push her. "OK slut, lick up your cum until I tell you to stop." 

 Dawn, not wanting to displease her mistress, immediately lowered her head and started to lick the floor. Her hair falling down and dropping into the puddle soaking up more of the cum. 

 Susanna watched for a couple of minutes, "Now slut, get dressed and straighten yourself up as best you can. Then go to the restroom and finish cleaning up. I then want you to go to Miss Julie's office and ask to go home. If she asks why, tell her you are a horny slut and need to go home and pound your cunt. She will give you your instructions. Make sure you follow them." 

 Dawn gasped at her instructions. Her mind went into autopilot as she grabbed her clothes. She no longer was thinking about her looks she was just following directions. Once she was dressed she walked to the restroom. When she arrived she looked into the mirror. Who she saw in the reflection she didn't recognize. The woman standing there wasn't a respected teacher but a cum covered slut. Her clothes stuck to her body like glue and left nothing to the imagination. Her top was well above her skirt and her chains were prominently displayed. Her skirt was wrinkled and stained with cum. Her face was flushed and her hair was wet and sticking to her face. She pulled down her top and rinsed her face. There wasn't much else she could do. 

 Dawn turned and walked out the door and down the hall toward the main office. Her mind not thinking of what anyone thought of her as she walked down the hall. The only thing that mattered was to follow directions and please her mistress. 

 Julie was sitting in her office near the main office. It was just before school was about to start and she was thinking about catching Miss Hauser covered in cum this morning. She didn't know what got into her when she stripped the young teacher and fucked her ass with the anal plug. Why she stripped her and made her walk naked to the locker room was beyond reason. It was so out of character for her but so exciting. Watching the teacher submit to her stirred something inside her mind that she had never experienced before, it aroused her. What she was going to do to her when she arrived after school she had no idea, but the thought of it was making her very horny. 

 Julie had worked at the school for the last ten years. She was a single mother of an 18 year old boy who also attended the school. Julie had lost her husband several years ago to cancer and had worked hard to provide a good home for them. Julie stood about 5'5 tall and weighed 135 pounds. Although she had put on a few pounds, she worked hard to maintain her figure. Her black hair that fell to her shoulders gave her an exotic look. She wasn't beautiful but was a fine looking MILF. She noticed that she could still turn heads when she put her mind to it. Although her tits had a little sag to them, they still stood out proudly. She was proud that she still maintained her 35-24-36 figure from college. 

 Suddenly Anita and Susanna walked in. "Anita, Susanna, what can I do for you?" Julie asked. She was nervous as the twins had never approached her before. These two were trouble. Their parents owned everything and they frequently used it to get their way. 

 "Did you have fun playing with my slut this morning Julie" 

 "What do you mean Anita?" 

 Anita pulled out her cell and pulled up a video. It showed Julie stripping Sandy and fucking her ass with her plug. You could ever hear her tell her to go and clean up naked and come back to her office at the end of the day. 

 "I think you know what I mean. Now did you have fun, Slut?" 

 "Y...Y...Yes Anita." 

 "It's Mistress when we are alone and Miss Anita and Miss Susanna in public, slut." 

 "Yes Mistress." 

 "Did anyone give you permission to play with my slut? 

 "No Mistress." 

 "Well, here is the deal, slut. If you want to play there is a price to pay. I have enough right here on my phone to get you fired or even worse have you put in jail. From now on you only play when we tell you. In fact you only do what we tell you period. Understand slut?" 

 "Y...Y...Yes mistress." 

 "Good, now that we understand each other, stand up and strip. You have 30 seconds to get naked." 

 Julie gasped, "But mistress, we are right beside the main office. Someone could walk in on us. I can't do that." 

 "No problem, slut. We'll just show the video to the principal and the police and let them handle it." 

 "But you would be exposed also." 

 "We don't care, we can get another slut. It will be fun watching you escorted from the building in handcuffs. I'm sure your son will enjoy watching and learning his mother is a kinky, lesbian slut." 

 Julie stood looking at the two young women. Her thoughts went to her son in class just down the hall. It would be devastating to him if she was exposed. Let alone what would happen to him if she went to jail. 

 Julie stood and with shaking hands started to unbutton her top. The twins looked at each other and smiled knowing they now controlled another member of the staff. They watched as Julie removed her blouse followed by her skirt. Julie looked at the teens hoping this was all she had to remove, but one look and she unfastened her bra and put it on the desk with her other clothes. Her nipples exposed to the cool air hardened and she felt some moisture leaking into her panties. She then hooked her thumbs in the elastic waistband of her panties and pushed them down her legs. She bent over, picked them up and placed them on her desk. She was now standing naked and shivering behind her desk. 

 "It took you long enough, slut. You now lose your panties and bra." Anita said as she picked up the garments and put them in her bag. "Now, sit down and put your feet on your desk and spread your legs." 

 Julie slumped into her chair and placed her feet on the desk and spread her legs, exposing her cunt and ass to the world. If anyone walked in right now her life was over. 

 Susanna quickly pulled out her phone and started to take pictures. 

 Anita looked at Julie and said, "Play with that nasty cunt, slut. You have five minutes to get off or we are out of here with your clothes." 

 Julie had a look of fear as her hand quickly moved down her stomach and started to rub her clit. The humiliation of masturbating naked in her office while the twins were watching was all it took. Her arousal went through the roof. Julie felt an orgasm rapidly filling her cunt. As it got closer, she took her other hand and started to pinch her nipple increasing her excitement. As she was getting closer she inserted first one then two fingers into her sloppy pussy. She was oblivious to everything around her as she closed her eyes and concentrated on achieving the climax the teen demanded. 

 Susanna was filming the whole scene as the naked MILF was pounding her cunt. 

 "Open your eyes, slut. Look into the camera and smile," demanded Anita of the excited slut. 

 Julie's eyes snapped open and her mouth flew open as she looked at Susanna and the camera. The orgasm hit hard and every muscle in her body shook and her face had a look of ecstasy. Julie's cunt pulsed and cum flowed out and down over her puckered ass. Julie slumped into her chair as she now understood her predicament. The twins now controlled her. They could now expose her and not even involve Miss Hauser. 

 Julie looked up at her mistress' and said "What do you want me to do mistress?" 

 

 Anita smiled and reached across the desk and caressed the naked MILF's leg. "Just do as you're told and nothing will happen. You might even enjoy playing with our sluts. Now get dressed and leave the top two buttons undone. From now on you are not allowed any underwear, no pants of any type. You are only allowed to wear skirts and dresses and nothing longer than five inches above the knee. Oh, and one more thing, no flats, you can only wear high heels, at least 4 inches high." 

 Julie sat there, her mouth open hardly comprehending her instructions. How am I going to comply with this? What will I tell my son? Why am I so aroused? I'm not a lesbian why am I excited about dominating the teachers? She mused. 

 Anita smiled as she told Julie what she expected today. She detailed what she was to do if either of the slut teachers showed up at her office. She even told her she could have some fun if she wanted to play with them. 

 As the two young women started to walk out the door Susanna turned to the shocked woman sitting with her blouse half open. "Don't forget your orders slut. If you fuck up you will lose everything." 

 Julie nodded, "I won't forget mistress." As she thought about what the twins had instructed her to do to the two teachers. "Why would the two pretty, young and smart teachers let anyone do that to them? What did they have on them that was so bad that being a slut was a better solution? Well, if they put themselves in that position then they probably deserved it. So if that's the case I might as well have fun with it. I just hope this doesn't jump up and bite me in the ass." 

 Dawn was approaching the main office. There were a couple of students standing just past it talking. They weren't paying any attention to Miss Reynolds walking toward them. Dawn hoped she could slip into Julie's office without anyone seeing her. Just as she reached the door, one of the students looked up and turned toward Dawn. Dawn saw her and quickly turned the knob and rushed into Julie's office. 

 Julie was surprised at the sudden intrusion. She hadn't expected anything this soon. It was the middle of first period. She looked at Miss Reynolds and her mouth dropped. The teacher standing in front of her was a mess. Her clothes were stained and wet. She smelled like sex and her hair was plastered to her face. Julie then noticed the chains running down her stomach. As Julie looked closer, she noticed the rings in her nipples prominently displayed under her top and running down into her skirt. They could only be going to her cunt. She wondered what they were attached to. 

 "Miss Reynolds, what happened to you? And what are you doing in here?" 

 "Miss Julie, I am a horny slut. I need to go home and pound my cunt." The embarrassed teacher whispered. She could barely talk, her humiliation taking away her voice. 

 "What did you say? Speak up, I couldn't hear you." Julie demanded her own arousal increasing with each word. 

 "Miss Julie, I am a horny slut. I need to go home and pound my cunt, please." Dawn said louder as her blush covered her entire body. 

 Julie smiled as she thought about the twins instructions. "Don't just stand there slut. Strip off those nasty clothes and let me see you." 

 Dawn gasped as the humiliation of the situation was overwhelming her senses. But her training took over and she pulled her top over her head and slid her skirt down her legs. She now stood in front of the dominate staff member naked except for her heels. She could not even look her in the eyes but kept looking at the floor. 

 Julie stood and walked around the naked slut standing in her office. If anyone would walk in she was fucked, but looking at the submissive teacher, naked and ready to do anything she was told, clouded her brain and she threw caution to the wind. Once she was behind Dawn she locked the door and smacked her ass. Dawn jumped as the blow surprised her more than hurt. But the effect was noticeable. 

 Julie noticed that Miss Reynolds didn't complain or yell but accepted the blow without complaint. She walked in front of her and grabbed the chains. Looking down she saw the ring on the slut's clit and the chains threaded through it and then attached to her labia. Julie pulled the chains as Dawn gasped. The combination of pain and pleasure radiating out from her cunt as her juices leaked down her legs. Julie then reached over to her desk and grabbed a wooden ruler. "Bend over my desk and grab the other side. You need to be punished for your actions." 

 Dawn did as ordered and waited for the blows to start. 

 "Make sure you count each swat and thank me for punishing your slut ass." Julie demanded. 

 "Yes Miss Julie," Dawn answered. 

 SMACK came the first blow. Dawn's body stiffened as the pain shot through her ass and straight to her cunt. 

 "One, thank you for punishing my slut ass, Miss Julie" 

 Julie got a rush and the words swirled in her brain. Her entire body flushed with power and arousal. 

 SMACK. SMACK, SMACK came the next blows in quick succession. 

 Dawn, unable to respond in time before the next blow struck her said "Four, thank you for punishing my slut ass, Miss Julie." 

 Julie continued to strike the slut's ass time and time again till Dawn couldn't stand it any longer and slumped to the floor begging her to have mercy. The pain was intense but the arousal was increasing with each hit. 

 Julie looked down at the cowering slut as the power of dominating another person was coursing through her veins. 

 She then walked over to her chair and sat down. "Crawl over here and lick my pussy, slut. I need some relief." 

 Dawn slowly rose to her knees and crawled around the desk and between Julie's legs. She looked up at the woman above her and stuck her tongue out and licked the length of her slit. Julie gasped as she had never been licked by a woman before and the feeling was amazing. She wasn't sure if it was because of the touch or the situation of compelling her to do this against her will that excited her more. 

 Dawn continued to lick the pussy in front of her face with more enthusiasm as she forgot where she was as her training was taking over. The only thing that mattered was pleasing Julie. As she worked her tongue deep into the folds and working up to her clit, she heard her gasp and her body trembled. Dawn concentrated on the clit and shortly Julie clamped her legs around her head and climaxed, spraying her face with her juices. She kept licking till Julie pushed her away and down on the floor. Dawn landed on her sore ass and yelped in pain. However she remained sitting on the floor waiting for direction. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 06 ****** bysadkins116© Julie sat panting for a couple of minutes collecting herself before giving Dawn the orders from her mistress. 

 "OK slut, you are not to go home. You are to go to this address and ask for Jack," she said as she handed a note with the address to the slut. "You will follow his instructions till he tells you to leave. You will then return to school and report to your room. Once there you will strip and wait till Miss Susanna arrives. Do you understand slut?" 

 Yes, Miss Julie," she answered. At that moment the bell rang to end the first period. Dawn jumped and looked at the door with a panicked look. The halls would be soon filled with students. "Please don't make me leave just yet Miss Julie. Please let me wait here till the next period starts." 

 "Sure slut, just sit there and play with that slut cunt of yours till the halls clear." 

 Dawn's hand shot down to her cunt and she plunged three fingers deep inside her needy cunt. She was so aroused her entire body needed relief. 

 "Remember slut, you are not allowed to come without permission." 

 Dawn looked up at Julie as tears ran down her face. Her fingers were still pushing in and out of her cunt. How in the world would she be able to stifle the climax rapidly building from deep inside her body? 

 Two minutes later the bell rang again starting the second period. In another couple of minutes the hallways would be deserted and she could hopefully leave without someone noticing. 

 When thing quieted outside the door, Dawn quit fucking her cunt and crawled over to her clothes. She quickly dressed and stood to leave. 

 "Don't forget the address, slut," said Julie as she held out the note. Dawn grabbed the piece of paper and peeked out into the hallway. It appeared empty and she slipped out the door and down the hall to the parking lot. No one was around and she breathed a sigh of relief as she exited the school and ran to her car. 

 As she sat in the driver's seat, she opened the note and read the address. It was the tattoo parlor that pierced her nipples and cunt. Oh my god what is going to happen to me? But instead of rebelling, she started her car and headed out of the lot. 

 Sandy arrived at her classroom door. The students were laughing and talking loudly. They could be heard long before she arrived. Sandy took a deep breath and walked into the room. The silence was deafening. Everyone in the room stopped whatever they were doing. Their teacher was standing at the front of the class, her clothes were wrinkled and the blazer was wide open. The top of her halter dress was fully exposed and the thin strips covering her tits were plastered against her skin. Sandy blushed but didn't close the blazer. Every male in the room had an instant erection and the girls started to whisper about the slut standing in front of the class. 

 Sandy's brain wouldn't let her body react and close the blazer. It welcomed the humiliation and the feeling of arousal that came with it. The balls in her cunt were again moving and again driving her up that mountain to the inevitable climax. She walked over to her desk and momentarily debated if she should sit. Her mind would have none of it. Sandy plopped down in her chair, shoving the plug deeper into her ass and starting the vibrations again. But this time, instead of losing control, she savored the feeling and smiled at the class. 

 "Where were we when I had to leave before, does anyone know?" 

 "We were just starting chapter two, Miss Hauser," came a timid response from somewhere in the middle of the class. "OK then, turn to chapter two and let's get started." 

 Sandy's mind was out of control. It now craved humiliation; it didn't matter where it came from. Being in class and exposing her body to the students just amplified the feeling and fed the craving even more. The vibrator in her ass and the balls moving in her cunt only made her feel complete. Knowing that her mistress was denying her a climax and her actions driving her to one was just what her mind needed. The conflict boiling inside her mind and body was clouding her judgment and adding to the addiction. Sandy knew that when her body could no longer stand the constant stimulation that her mind would cave and call her mistress and beg for release. It wouldn't matter where she was when she called. She would strip and make the call as required. If it happened in front of the entire class, all the better. 

 As Sandy looked around the room, she noticed the students were watching her closely. They were watching her sitting at her desk rocking back and forth. What they didn't know was she was moving the vibrating plug in her ass to increase the stimulation. Her face was flushed and her clothes were disheveled and wrinkled. The blazer was wide open and her tits were plainly displayed under her dress, what there was of it. Her nipples were engorged and easily seen. 

 Just as Sandy was about to surrender to all the stimulation and make the call, the bell rang ending the period. The students quickly closed their books and left the room whispering among themselves about how strange Miss Hauser was acting. 

 The end of class eliminated the source of humiliation Sandy's mind craved. Once that element was gone her arousal diminished to a much more manageable level. Sandy's mind cleared a bit and she gained a measure of control. She quickly took advantage and stood up to stop the vibrations and eliminate another source of stimulation. If the vibrations would stop before the next class, she might be able to control herself for another period. She quickly closed her blazer and grabbed a towelette out of her purse and wiped her face. As the next class was arriving, she quickly brushed her hair and felt almost normal for the first time today. 

 The second and third period went by slowly but without incident. Sandy found that if she just stood still the balls would not move and start the process all over again. She knew that in doing so was not following instructions, but the alternative of losing control of her mind and unleashing the craving was far worse than the punishment she would receive. She was now in full control of her mind and body. She realized that during the first period her loss of control almost had her naked in front of her class begging to be allowed to orgasm. She could not allow that to happen no matter what the punishment. 

 As the bell rang for fourth period the students left the room. Sandy walked to the door and closed it. Sandy's body, knowing that her mistress was about to arrive started to respond. Her cunt was leaking and her body and mind were anxious. Sandy quickly stripped, grabbed the cuffs and blindfold and walked to the door. She knelt, placed the blindfold over her eyes and cuffed her hands behind her. 

 No sooner than the bell rang starting the fourth period, Sandy heard the door open. God, she hoped it was her mistress. She listened intently hoping to get a clue as to who it was. But all she heard was the sound of footsteps as someone walked by her. The anticipation was driving her arousal through the roof. There was now a puddle forming between her legs. 

 Sandy jumped as someone touched her face. Was it Mistress Anita? She couldn't tell by the touch. Then it was gone, but then something else was touching her lips. Sandy opened her mouth to speak when suddenly a cock was inserted deep into her open cavity. The suddenness surprised her as well as what it was. This was a man or boy she had no way of knowing. Without the use of her hands and being on her knees left her feeling helpless as the cock was pumping in and out of her mouth. The whole situation was stroking her addiction to humiliation. No matter whom it was, she was sucking a cock in her classroom, naked and handcuffed. Her mind exploded as the craving crashed over her. 

 It only took a couple of minutes before the cock fucking her face expanded. She knew that whoever it was, was about to come. As the cock exploded in her mouth pumping stream after stream down her throat and into her mouth, she swallowed as much as she could but it was no use. Sandy choked and coughed as the cum shot out from around the cock still embedded in her mouth. As quickly as it arrived, the cock was gone. She heard the door open and close. Was she alone? Where was her mistress? Before she could think, another cock was pushing into her mouth. This one was noticeably larger. Sandy could do nothing but accept it as is was pushed down her throat. This time the owner of the cock grabbed her ears for better leverage and pummeled her face. 

 Sandy struggled to breath, grabbing small breaths between strokes and struggling not to pass out. It didn't take long before she could feel the cum filling the cock and explode in her mouth. This time it was just in her mouth, filling it and running down her chin and dripped on her tits. 

 Sandy swallowed as much as she could but it was impossible to drink it all. Again as soon as the cock left her mouth it was replaced with another. The humiliation was too much as Sandy felt an orgasm start from deep within her body and spread throughout. As she knelt there on the floor of her room, the orgasm coursing through her body, another cock was pushing her lips open. All she could think of was she was a cum receptacle for her students, or even worse for other members of the staff. 

 Sandy had no concept of time. The cocks all ran together, when suddenly they stopped. She heard the door open and close. Was this the end? What was she supposed to do? Sandy stayed on her knees and waited. 

 Anita looked down at the cum covered slut kneeling on the floor. She had been there the entire time but stood by and watched quietly, using hand signals to tell the boys what to do. 

 "Well slut, did you enjoy yourself?" Sandy jumped at the sound of her mistress. She quickly nodded her head and waited to see what else was going to happen. 

 Anita walked up and grabbed the blindfold off Sandy's eyes. She blinked and looked down at her chest. She was covered in cum. 

 "Today was BJ day. Tomorrow is cunt day, and the day after is ass day. From now on, your free period will be used to service anyone who walks into your room." Anita walked behind her and unlocked the cuffs. Get up and clean yourself off and get dressed. The next period will be starting soon. It is your lunch period. Go eat and prepare for the rest of your day. At the end of the day, wait for 45 minutes before going to Julie's office to retrieve your coat. Remember you are to only wear the coat in and out of the school. You are then to report to the glory hole and fill another glass. I will meet you at your apartment when you finish." 

 Dawn arrived at the tattoo parlor and sat in her car. She was scared as she didn't know what to expect. Mistress Susanna was not with her and she was all alone. Dawn got out of the car and walked into the front door. Jack was sitting behind the counter. He knew that the slut teacher would be arriving sometime but he didn't expect it so soon. He looked at the clock. It was just now ten o'clock. He would have her for the next five hours. He got up and walked to the door, locked it and turned the open light off. 

 "Strip slut, you won't be wearing anything for a while." Dawn quickly removed her top, skirt and shoes. She was now standing naked in the lobby of the parlor. Jack grabbed her chains and led the slave to the back room. In the middle of the room was the same table as before and he pushed her down across it. He spread her ass and pulled out the plug and egg. He needed no foreplay as his cock was hard as soon as she walked through the door. He rubbed the head of his cock up and down her dripping cunt and shoved it in with one quick motion. 

 Dawn gasped at the sudden intrusion but quickly adjusted to the size and pushed back forcing it deeper inside her. It had been so long since she was properly fucked, the invasion was welcome. Dawn was quickly overcome with arousal and was soon doing all the work in fucking herself. The climax came quickly and coursed out from her cunt to her extremities. Jack smiled as he pulled his cock out and lined it up with her ass. As he pushed forward it slipped past her sphincter and into her ass. Dawn didn't realize what had happened until it was deeply buried. The anal plug had done its job. Her ass easily accepted the cock and welcomed it. Dawn was still coming down from the orgasm when he entered her backdoor. As her shoved his cock deeper and deeper, her body reacted and started to build to another climax. 

 Jack was now pumping is large cock in and out of her ass, withdrawing it almost all the way out and plunging it deep into her bowels. He then leaned down on her back and whispered into her ear, "Every time you come I get to add something to your body, slut." 

 Dawn gasped, her mind and body both reacted to what he said. Her mind reacted in fear as to the possibilities of what that meant, but her body convulsed as she climaxed again. Jack continued to pound her ass as he reached around and grabbed the chains and pulled. Dawn couldn't control her body any longer as one orgasm followed another, each one gaining in intensity till the room went black. 

 As Jack was witnessing the slut's constant orgasms he exploded into her ass. He slumped on top of her as his own orgasm coursed through his body. As his cock slipped out of her dilated sphincter, his cum started to leak out and flow down over her pulsing cunt. 

 Jack was slowly catching his breath and stood looking down at the slut teacher lying on the table. His body still pressed against her ass was the only thing keeping her from falling to the floor. In the space of 30 minutes he had watched her have at least four orgasms. That would not be enough for everything he was supposed to do. Jack bent over and grabbed her legs and lifted her onto the table. He knew it would be a while before he could get it up again so he walked to the cabinet where he kept the "special" water he used on her before. 

 Dawn was just coming to when she felt Jack gently caressing her face. The afterglow from her orgasms was still going through her body and the touch brought a smile to her face. "Here little one, have a drink of water." He said and put the water bottle to her lips. 

 Dawn opened her mouth and drank deeply. The water tasted wonderful as her body was in dire need of liquids. Jack watched as she drank the entire bottle and asked for more. Knowing that one dose was more than enough, he took the bottle and refilled it at the sink. When he turned around Dawn was sitting up brushing her hair from her face. He handed her the bottle and watched as she again drank it all. 

 "Lie down on the table slave. I'll be right back." Dawn slowly laid down and waited for further instructions. As she lie there a warm cozy feeling started to flow through her body. Dawn's hands seemed to have a mind of their own as they slowly started to caress her tits. The more she touched herself the more her body reacted and her arousal increased. Her mind, while still somewhat clear, couldn't understand how her body could be getting aroused after having so many orgasms only a few minutes ago. The drug was now taking effect and her mind was clouding. The only thing it could understand was that her arousal was to the point her right hand slid down her stomach to her bald cunt and started to caress her clit. 

 When Jack returned a few minutes later he smiled knowing that it wouldn't be long now. Most of the time whenever he gave someone the spiked water to drink, they only took a couple of drinks before they noticed the aftertaste and quit drinking. Dawn had finished the entire bottle. He knew she would soon be out of control and begging to come in a few minutes. 

 "Enjoying yourself slave?" He said as he reached out and pinched her nipple. 

 "Oh God, yes," she moaned. " Please pinch it harder. That feels so...o...o good." 

 Jim pinched harder and watched as Dawn gasped and shoved two fingers deep into her leaking cunt. It took only a minute before another climax started to course out from her cunt and out to her body. Dawn closed her eyes and relished the feeling but soon found it did not satisfy the need or quench the need for more. 

 

 Jack then raised his other hand and showed Dawn the large dildo he had retrieved from the other room. "Would this help slut?" 

 Dawn's hand shot out and grabbed the large dildo and shoved it deep inside her body. The feeling of fullness was exactly what she needed to scratch the itch that her body craved. She no longer cared that each climax came with a price. 

 Jack watched as the teacher slut lying on the table was shoving the large dildo faster and deeper into her cunt. He then grabbed a crop he had stashed in his back pocket and struck her nipple. Dawn's eyes flew open and her body went ridged as an orgasm exploded deep inside her body. He kept smacking her tits as the orgasm continued and consumed her entire body. 

 Ten minutes later Dawn was now exhausted and oblivious to anything around her. Jack now had enough climaxes to complete his tasks. He then pulled over a rolling table and set to work. 

 Dawn felt him grab her arm but ignored what he was doing. She was still deep under the influence of the drug. 

 Jack took her wrist and measured the circumference and grabbed the silver chain on the table. He cut two pieces to length and grabbed four 1 inch diameter rings. He quickly took one chain and two rings, pulled the chain through the rings and wrapped it around her right wrist. He then took his soldering iron and completed the bracelet. Dawn now had her first slave bracelet. He walked around the table and did the same thing to her other wrist. Dawn now had a matching set. 

 He quickly went down the table and installed bracelets on each ankle. The slave could now be restrained with simple clips. The last chain was placed around her waist. It had four rings so now additional chains could be attached to her arms and legs or even between her legs. Jack put the chain behind the previous chains so as not to interfere with the movement through the clit ring. 

 Dawn had now fallen asleep and had no idea what he had done. He pushed the table over to the wall and grabbed his tattoo setup. He took her legs and placed them into the stirrups and spread her legs. Jack pulled over a chair and settled between Dawns legs and proceeded to start the process of sterilizing the area right above her cunt. Ten minutes later he was working on the artwork Susanna selected for her slave. As soon as he completed the process, he looked down at his work. Now anyone who saw Dawn naked would know exactly what she was. The tat was the word SLUT in large two inch letters surrounded by bright colors which drew the eyes directly to her cunt. 

 Jack only had one more task to complete. He looked at the time and realized that he would have to pick up the pace. He needed to have everything finished by 3:30. That way she could get back to school by 4:00. Jack released her legs and rolled Dawn over on her stomach. Once in position he let her legs fall over the edge of the table. He then placed a strap around her body to hold her in place. His next task was to tattoo a tramp stamp on her lower back. The design was fairly intricate with the word SLAVE prominently displayed. Once he was finished, any time she wore anything that showed her back it would be prominently displayed. 

 About an hour and a half later just as he was finishing, Dawn started to stir. She started to move a bit but Jack smacked her ass and told her to not move. Dawn's mind was clearing and she realized what was happening. She started sobbing and tears ran down her cheeks. A few minutes later Jack released her and helped her up. It took a minute or so before her legs were functioning again when she saw her body in the large mirror mounted to the wall. The first thing she noticed was the tattoo right above her cunt. She gasped and almost collapsed but Jack caught her. As her hand came up to her face she saw the slave bracelet. She looked into the mirror and saw the remaining chains. Her mind went blank; she didn't realize the ramifications of everything she saw. Jack slowly turned her around and held a hand-held mirror so she could see the tramp stamp above her ass. Her mind finally grasped it all and she started to cry hysterically. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 06 ****** bysadkins116© Jack looked at the defeated slave holding onto him and felt a moment of sympathy. He held her closely to his body and comforted her as best he could. "Remember slave, your mistress will take care of you. If you do as you are told, hopefully she will not expose you. If you disobey her, I will guarantee you will be exposed to the world. After I bandage your tats get dressed, it's now 3:40 and you need to get back to school." 

 A few minutes later Dawn slowly walked out of the room and to the lobby. She picked up her clothes and dressed. She knew her skirt wasn't covering her new tat on her back but at least it was covered by the bandage. She walked out the door and to her car. 

 Sandy spent lunch putting her clothes back into a presentable condition. She washed her face and cleaned the cum off her body. She wished she could take a shower. For lunch Anita hadn't left her anything to eat so she went back to her desk and waited for the next period. 

 The start of sixth period was uneventful as well as the class. The students had heard some things from the earlier classes but Sandy maintained control as well as kept herself covered. By the time her last class of the day started she felt she might make it if the twins would have some mercy on her. 

 Anita and Susanna walked into the classroom and looked at Sandy. She almost looked normal. As the class proceeded Sandy walked around the room a couple of times. This of course started the balls to move in her cunt. By the end of the second trip Sandy was very excited and her cunt was dripping again. She was having trouble controlling her mind that was about to submit to the craving for humiliation. With her mistress sitting in the front row, it would be easy to strip and drop to her knees and beg to come. As the craving and arousal was about to peak and Sandy was just about to submit, the bell rang ending class. 

 Sandy moaned as the students rushed out of the room and to their lockers. Sandy stood at the front of the room waiting for her mistress to give her instructions. 

 As the last student walked out the door, Susanna closed it and turned to watch Anita approach the slave teacher. 

 Sandy quickly stripped and knelt before Anita. "This slut is sorry mistress for not following directions today. This slut could not walk around the class as doing so would make this slut come. Please have mercy mistress." 

 Anita knew the slut teacher kneeling in front of her was waiting to be humiliated. She could see it in her eyes. But she wasn't going to supply it; she wanted the slut to humiliate herself. She wanted the slut slave to beg to be humiliated to satisfy her craving. Sandy looked up at her mistress her entire body was begging Anita to tell her to do something to satisfy that craving. 

 "Well slut, I will punish you after you get to your apartment for disobeying instructions today. You are to stay naked and wait till 4:15 before you go to Miss Julie's office to get your coat. You will only wear your dress; leave the blazer in the cabinet. When you get to the office take off the dress before you enter her office. When she is finished with you and gives you your coat, go to the glory hole and fill another cup. I will meet you at your apartment when you finish." 

 Both of the teens then walked out the door leaving it wide open. Sandy stood there for a moment then rushed over and quickly closed it. 

 Sandy waited until it was time to go before she slipped the dress over her body. As she peeked out the door to see if anyone was in the hallway her arousal started to peak. Seeing no one she quickly walked down the hall toward the office. Luckily she only passed a couple of stragglers before she arrived. Just before Miss Julie's office was a hallway. Sandy stepped into the hallway and peaked around to see if anyone was coming out of the main office. Seeing no one, she took off her dress and quickly walked naked to the door. Not knowing if she should walk in she knocked and waited for permission to enter. 

 Julie heard the knock but waited to answer. She wanted the slave to wait and increase the humiliation of being naked just a few steps from the main office. "Come in, Miss Hauser." 

 Sandy quickly opened the door and rushed in. Standing naked in front of the desk she looked down at the floor and said, "How can this slut please you, Miss Julie?" 

 Julie was beside herself. It had been a long afternoon. After Dawn had left this morning Julie's mind and body were flush with excitement. She had never been with a woman before but the experience of Dawn crawling over to her and licking her pussy till she climaxed had done something to her. She now wanted more, and here was another slave teacher asking to be dominated. Julie didn't understand that in giving in to these desires also opened her up to being dominated. 

 "How was your day slut? I heard a couple of whispers in the halls. Did you have trouble controlling your slut self?" 

 Sandy blushed down to her tits and could only nod. Julie stood up and walked to the door and locked it. She then turned and noticed the plug sticking out of the slave's ass. When she pushed it the plug started to vibrate. Sandy groaned and her knees almost buckled. Julie smiled and smacked her ass. Sandy jumped and asked for another. 

 "On your knees slut, I don't have much time." Julie walked to her seat as Sandy dropped to her knees. 

 "Crawl over here and eat me slut, and be quick about it. I need to meet my son at the practice field." 

 Sandy quickly crawled between her legs and ran her tongue from her ass to her clit. Julie gasped as the excitement increased the higher the tongue traveled. Sandy's tongue danced around her lips cleaning the moisture flowing out of her cunt. She then shoved her tongue deep into Julie's opening and started to fuck the opening rapidly. 

 Julie was feeling things she never experienced with her husband. As her body was responding to the slave's actions, Sandy moved to her clit. Julie moaned as Sandy nibbled on the engorged bud. In a matter of minutes, Julie grabbed the sluts head and pushed it hard onto her pussy as she had a massive orgasm. 

 It took Julie a good five minutes to come down from the climax that was coursing through her body. When she finally released the slave and pushed her away she was breathing heavy and couldn't speak. 

 Julie finally collected her thoughts and looked down at the cum covered teacher at her feet. She smiled and thought this was going to be a great year. She then turned and opened a drawer, pulled out the coat and tossed it to the slut. "Get out of here slut. I'm done with you." 

 Sandy stood and grabbed the coat. She slipped it on and turned toward the door. As she opened the door she peeked out into the hallway, looking both ways, she saw it was empty. She wrapped the coat tightly around her body and walked down the hall to the door leading to the parking lot. When she arrived at the door she looked out and noticed that most of the cars were gone. The only car she noticed was at the far edge of the lot. She couldn't tell if anyone was in the car but decided to make a run for it. 

 As soon as she arrived she breathed a sigh of relief. Sandy started the car and headed to her next task. 

 Dawn arrived at the school at four o'clock. The parking lot was just about empty and there were no students around. She was very nervous as the training was taking hold and her humiliation returned and consumed her thoughts. As she exited her car she looked down at her body. Her skirt was down on her hips and the chains around her waist and coming down from her tits were clearly displayed. There was no way to cover them. The bracelets on her wrists and ankles shined like spotlights drawing attention to anyone who would pass. Dawn reached around and touched the bandage on her back. At least no one could read the message underneath it. 

 Dawn quickly entered the door and walked down the hall. When she arrived at the main hallway she quickly turned and rushed toward her room. She breathed a sigh of relief when she finally was able to enter and close the door. She quickly stripped and knelt by the door and waited for her mistress. 

 Dawn didn't have to wait long as Susanna was waiting for her slut to arrive. When she walked in and saw the slave with all her decorations she almost climaxed. "Stand up slut, let me see you." 

 Dawn rose from her knees and slowly turned around. Susanna grabbed the bandages and removed them. She smiled at the new tats decorating her cunt and back. Her slave could never hide what she now was. "You are beautiful slut. I love the tats. You are now totally my property. Forever more you will be a slut slave. I'm so proud of you." 

 Dawn cringed at hearing those words but deep inside there was a feeling of satisfaction that she had pleased her mistress. "What can the lowly slut do to please you mistress?" 

 Susanna smiled and tossed her the collar and leash. "Put these on and go to the locker room and change to your coat. I will meet you at the door to the parking lot." Susanna turned and walked out the door. Dawn grabbed the collar, slipped on her clothes and headed to the locker room. Her day was now done. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 07 ****** bysadkins116© Thank to all for the feedback. I am incorporating some of the suggestions. Yes this is fantasy; there is no way anyone could get away with this in real life. I want to again thank the editors for all their help. I have finished chapter 8 and working on chapter 9. I am hoping to wrap this up and finish everything by chapter 11 or 12. Stay tuned as the end starts now. 

 ***** 

 Susan Adams had just arrived on campus. She was a freshman at an Indiana University. She looked around her dorm room and wondered if her new roommate and she would get along. She was excited to move on with her life. After her last year in high school, college had to be better. Susan opened her suitcase and started to unpack. She didn't bring a lot with her as she wanted a new start. It didn't take long to finish as she only brought two suit cases and a couple of boxes. She then went about personalizing her space, placing a few pictures and personal items on her dresser. 

 Once her side of the room was finished she walked out into the courtyard to enjoy the sunshine. Susan walked over to a nice tree and sat down and turned on her iPad and started to read. The story was about a student and teacher having an affair. It was an erotic story that had the student dominating her female teacher. Ever since high school it had become Susan's favorite fantasy. 

 Susan closed her eyes and reminisced about those couple of days last year in high school. She thought about how her two supposed friends had talked her into trapping her volleyball coach into some compromising pictures. It was just supposed to be a prank Susan thought. They were going to use the pictures at the year-end team get away as a joke. But when Susan found out that the two Divas were trying to get her favorite teacher and coach fired she realized the prank was much more serious. 

 Susan's role was to be naked in the locker room with Miss Hauser and to kiss her. Susan wasn't totally comfortable with the kiss but agreed to do it when Heather and Dawn agreed to let Susan have the lead in the spring play. 

 Susan thought back to that moment in the locker room. She was naked sitting in the corner of the shower when she got the word Miss Hauser was on the way. She remembered she was supposed to cry to get Miss Hauser's attention when she walked by the shower. 

 I hope she hears me I'm getting cold sitting here naked. I've can't believe I let those two bitches talk me into this. Oh my god there she is! Sandy Hauser saw the girl sitting in the shower naked and walked over to me and said "What's wrong Susan?" I couldn't talk, my throat was closed, I was so excited, I'm about to kiss my teacher was all I could think at that moment. All I remembered was that I needed to get her to my locker and kiss her. Then grab my clothes and run out the door. Heather and Dawn had the cameras set up around my locker to catch everything. I let Miss Hauser help me up and lead me to the lockers. The closer I got the more excited and aroused I became. By the time we made it there I just grabbed her and kissed her. I expected her to smack me or to shout at me but she just stood there with a surprised look. I couldn't resist I took her hands and put one on my tit and one on my pussy. She didn't fight me she just left them there and I kissed her again. I felt her give in to me and I almost came right there on the spot. I knew if I didn't get out of there right then I was going to throw her down and make her eat me. I slapped her, grabbed my clothes and ran out the door. 

 Susan opened her eyes and looked around her as she wondered if anyone would guess she was dreaming of dominating her high school teacher. She smiled and continued thinking back to that time. 

 As I ran out the door naked I ran into the two bitches. They were laughing and slapping high fives. They both grabbed me and gave me hugs. 

 "That was great you made it look like she was molesting you. We have everything we need to get her fired," Heather said. 

 I was shocked. "What do you mean? I thought this was supposed to be a joke!" 

 "Hell no, we want that slut out of here, she had us suspended from the team," Monica added. "Now we have her and we are going to make her squirm before we lower the boom." 

 I watched as the two Divas walked down the hall laughing. I quickly put on my clothes and knew I'd better watch my back or I might be next on their list. Susan thought about how she rushed home and grabbed her vibrator and slowly started rubbing her clit as she dreamed about Miss Hauser between her legs pleasuring her with her tongue. 

 Susan was now so aroused sitting under the tree that she hurried back to her room to get herself off. But as she walked into her room, there was a very pretty young blond girl unpacking her suitcase. Susan almost thought it was Sandy Hauser. She could have been her sister. Susan smiled and thought, I wonder what she would do it I grabbed her and shoved her between my legs. This could be a good year after all. 

 This did nothing to lower Susan's arousal however. She smiled at the girl and said "Hi my name is Susan. I'm your roommate." The girl jumped and turned to look at the tall pretty brunette. "H-H-Hi my name is Cindy." She said sounding very timid. Susan looked down at her and watched as Cindy's nipples started to poke out of her tee shirt. Susan smiled a devious smile and reached over and touched Cindy's cheek with her hand and said, "We're going to be great friends." 

 She watched as Cindy blushed and turned bright red down to her chest and her nipples were now about to poke thru her shirt. 

 Susan then walked over to her bed and lay down. She pulled her top and shorts off and lay there in her bra and panties and closed her eyes. Cindy couldn't take her eyes off the tall beautiful woman lying on her bed. She didn't understand why she was so aroused by this woman. She had never been aroused by a woman, but Cindy was intimidated by her roommate lying semi naked on the bed and that intimidation was exciting her in ways she had never felt before. 

 Susan pretended to close her eyes but watched her new roommate closely. Cindy kept unpacking but would constantly look over at Susan. After a few minutes when she thought Susan was sleeping, Cindy slowly brought her hand up and started to caress her nipples. Cindy looked over at Susan to make sure she was sleeping then took her other hand down and slid it into her shorts. As her fingers approached her pussy, Cindy closed her eyes and dreamed that it was Susan making her do this while on her knees in front of her. Where those thought came from she didn't know but her body was consumed by the thoughts. Just as she reached her clit she gasped as her arousal shot thru the roof. Cindy pushed further down and inserted her finger into her dripping cunt and started to fuck herself to an orgasm. 

 What she hadn't noticed was Susan had now propped her head up and was watching Cindy fuck herself. Cindy's other hand had now pushed up her shirt and her tits were now in plain sight. Susan took out her phone and took a couple of pictures and then started to video tape Cindy as she worked her way closer to a climax. Susan knew exactly when to let Cindy know she was being filmed and waited till the exact moment that Cindy went over the edge and started to orgasm. "My my what's my new roommate doing? Is she a lezbo that gets off while looking at women in their underwear?" 

 Cindy's eyes flew open and looked at Susan. Cindy's orgasm screamed out of control and for a few minutes she couldn't move a muscle as her orgasm consumed her. After those intense few minutes Cindy suddenly realized that Susan was videotaping her masturbating and jerked her hands out of her pants and quickly pulled down her shirt. She didn't know what to do; her new roommate had just filmed her masturbating. She just looked at the floor and didn't say a word. 

 Susan then got up and walked the short distance to Cindy. She reached out her hand and cupped her chin and lifted it up and looked her in the eyes and said, "If you are a good girl no one will ever see this film. Are you going to be a good girl?" 

 Cindy looked at her dominate roommate and simply nodded her head. Susan then released her chin and said, "Then strip slut and drop to your knees." Cindy gasped, but dropped her hands to the bottom of her shirt and pulled it over her head. Her smallish tits with her nipples standing at attention were proudly on display. She then dropped to her knees and pushed her shorts and panties down and off her legs. She was now naked and kneeling before Susan. Susan was standing before Cindy in just her bra and panties and was very excited. Her pussy was dripping. Here she was dreaming of dominating her ex-teacher, and now there was a clone of Miss Hauser naked and kneeling in front of her. God this was going to be a great year. 

 Susan walked over to her closet and grabbed a belt. She made a makeshift collar and leash and put it around Cindy's neck. Susan then led her pet over to her bed and sat down. Susan pulled off her panties and pulled on the leash. Cindy crawled over to her dominate roommate and looked up at her. Susan smiled and said, "Put that pretty mouth to work slut. Eat my pussy now!" 

 Cindy slowly lowered her head and tentatively stuck out her tongue and started to lick Susan's pussy. The more she licked the more she wanted to lick. Cindy was now totally confused, there was no way she should be getting off on eating her roommate's pussy, but Cindy's pussy was so wet she was dripping down her legs. 

 Susan lay back on her bed and started to dream of when Sandy Hauser had stopped her in the hallway naked and scared. Susan listened to what the Diva's did. They had made her strip and lick their shoes. They had then taken her clothes and left them in the boy's room at the end of the hall. Susan had hugged the naked teacher and listened to the story, but all she could think of was how she wished it was her shoes that Sandy was licking. As she imagined that Sandy was kneeling and licking her pussy Susan climaxed all over Cindy's face. 

 Susan continued lying in the bed as Cindy kept licking her cunt. Susan still daydreamed of what happened last year as she comforted Sandy and went and retrieved the naked teacher's clothes. When Susan returned to the classroom, she gave Sandy back most of her things, but kept her bra and panties. Over the next few weeks Susan and Sandy got to know each other very well. Susan often stopped by Sandy's room after school. She watched her closely and noticed the submissive tendencies and sometimes took advantage of it and pushed her just a bit. Asking embarrassing questions of Sandy and demanding an answer. 

 Sandy would often blush when Susan pushed her but always seemed to answer the question. Each time the question was just a little more personal. By the time the school year was over, Susan had discovered that Sandy had a submissive relationship with her college roommate. Susan often went home and masturbated thinking about dominating the beautiful teacher. When Susan graduated she heard that Sandy was dismissed from the school. She later learned from Sandy's Face book page that she would be working at a school in Indiana. It was one of the reasons she decided to go to the University of Indiana. 

 Susan roused from her daydream and looked down at her new slut roommate, who was still licking away. She pushed Cindy away and told her to get dressed. Cindy looked up at her new Mistress and slowly stood up and dressed. No one said anything as Susan got dressed, grabbed her iPad and walked out of the room. 

 Cindy wasn't sure what had happened, but knowing she wanted it to continue, walked over to her bed, lay down and fell into a deep sleep. 

 As Susan had followed Sandy Hauser's Face book page; she knew she was working at a local high school. It was now about six o'clock and Susan decided to drive over to Sandy's new school just to check it out. When she got there and parked in the lot, she saw Sandy's car parked on the other side of the lot. Just as Susan started to get out and go into the school, she saw Sandy walk out of the school. Susan was shocked when she saw her. Sandy was wearing a short rain and shine coat that was barely held closed by a belt tied around her waist and a pair of 6" stiletto heels. As she walked the coat split up the front and it didn't look as if she had anything on under the coat. As Susan looked closer at her former teacher she noticed around her neck was a collar with a leash hanging down the front of her coat. Susan immediately became aroused as she knew her teacher was being dominated again by someone. 

 Susan decided that if anyone was going to dominate Miss Hauser it was going to be her. She had to find out about what was going on to make Sandy walk around school almost naked wearing a leash. She watched as Sandy got to her car, opened the door, opened her coat and got into the driver's seat. Sandy started the car and drove off. Susan almost followed her but she was so aroused she instead slid her hand into her pants and started to caress her clit. Susan needed to get off right that moment. 

 Just as she was about to come, out of the school walked two young women. Susan wouldn't have paid any attention to them but with them was what appeared to be another teacher dressed just like Sandy. She was wearing the same coat and high heels, but one of the girls was leading her by her leash. The teacher was following the two girls and not trying to cover her body as the coat had opened and you could now see her entire naked body. But what surprised her was what looked like chains coming down from her tits to her pussy. As she looked closer at the nearly naked teacher she saw the bracelets on her wrists and ankles. Susan put two and two together and knew she was looking at Sandy's Mistresses. She watched as they climbed into a new BMW and drove away. Susan wrote down the license plate and drove back to the dorm. It was going to take some research to figure out what was going on in Sandy's life. 

 Susan came from a wealthy family. Her grandfather had owned a major import export company and when he died he left Susan enough money to last a lifetime. She didn't have access to it until she turned 25 but she did receive a few thousand dollars a month from a trust until she came of age. Susan decided right then to call her lawyer and have him check into the two young women that controlled the two teachers. The law firm had a crack set of investigators they would quietly get Susan the information she needed. Susan would call him tomorrow and start the process. In the meantime Susan wanted to know more about her roommate. 

 When Susan walked into her room, Cindy was still sleeping lying on her bed dreaming about what had happened. When she woke her Cindy smiled and asked if she needed anything. She looked down and said, "We need to talk. I want to know more about you." 

 Cindy rubbed her eyes, looked up at Susan and asked "Sure what do you want to know? I'm a local girl; I grew up a couple of miles from here. I graduated from Washington High School last June. I was at the top of my class and received a scholarship to the university. 

 Susan looked up as soon as she heard where Cindy went to school. It was the same school Sandy was now teaching. "Tell me about your school." 

 "It was a typical public high school I suppose. Nothing special about it I guess. What do you want to know?" 

 "I have a friend that started to teach there this year and I think she might be in trouble. I just drove over there and saw her walk out of the school. She was hardly dressed and wearing a collar and a leash. I then saw two tall girls walk out with what I think was another teacher dressed just like my friend. They jumped into a BMW and drove away." 

 Cindy's eyes widened when Susan mentioned a BMW. "There are only two girls at the school who drive BMW's. That's Anita and Susanna Martinez; their parents control almost everything in town. If you cross them they would ruin you without even trying. Those two twins are evil." 

 "Did you ever cross them?" 

 "Only once and by the time they finished with me I was left naked in the third floor restroom and had to sneak all the way to the gym locker room to find something to wear home." 

 "I made sure I didn't cross them again, and if they wanted me to do anything I did it without question. I heard that their parents arranged something special for their 18th birthday but no one knows what it was. I wouldn't put anything past them though; there are rumors that they have something on the principle and half of the school board." 

 "I also heard that their parents are pretty kinky. My ex-boyfriend's cousin's friend worked for a caterer that served food at their house once for a party. He said that there were some strange things were going on with people crawling around wearing masks and not much else. The Martinez family is probably the richest family in town. They own property all over town and have condos in Colorado, Florida, and Mexico." 

 "My sophomore year I had a teacher that I really liked. She was young and pretty and I loved her class. She went to their Mexican condo over spring break and when she came back she changed. Before she wore jeans and comfortable clothes, but when she came back it was short dresses and skirts and always very high heels. She wasn't the same anymore; she seemed nervous and seemed to have trouble in class. I heard that in once in class it looked like she was having an orgasm right in front of everyone." 

 "She left about two weeks later and I heard that she lived for a while at their house, but no one ever saw her again." 

 "Wow" was all Susan could say. "What do you think happened to her?" 

 "It was rumored that she was a sex slave to the Martinez but I find that hard to believe." 

 Susan smiled and looked down at Cindy. After seeing what she did at the school she was very aroused. And looking at Cindy and how she looked like Sandy she couldn't resist herself. "Enough talk for now. Get out of those clothes. I want you naked, NOW!" 

 Cindy jumped as this was the last thing she expected. She thought that what happened earlier was a onetime thing. 

 "Look slut, I'm in control here and you do what I say, unless you want me to distribute your videos and pictures around campus." 

 Cindy realized that if she didn't do as instructed it was going to be a long four years, slowly pulled her top over her head and stood naked from the waist up. She then dropped her pants and stood before her Mistress. Even though she was humiliated standing there, her arousal was through the roof. Her nipples were so hard they hurt, and her pussy was starting to leak and her juices were running down her thighs. 

 Susan smiled at how easy she was able to dominate the pretty blond girl and knew exactly what to do. "OK here are the rules from now on and if you don't follow them you will be punished. 

 1) You are no longer allowed to wear underwear unless I approve it. 

 2) You will call me Mistress when in private and Susan in public. 

 3) You are to be naked at all times when in our room unless we have visitors. 

 4) There will be a dress by the door for you to slip on if someone wants to come into our room. 

 5) You are to service me every night before you can go to bed. No exception. 

 6) You are never to cum without permission." 

 "I may add other rules later, but these will do for now. Do you have any questions?" 

 Cindy looked up at her Mistress and shook her head. 

 "OK then, drop to your knees and get busy with that tongue of yours." 

 Cindy lowered herself to her knees and crawled over to Susan and pulled her sweats down and gazed at her neatly trimmed pussy. She then leaned in, stuck out her tongue and tentatively licked her labia. Cindy knew she shouldn't be excited but her body didn't know that. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 07 ****** bysadkins116© Susan saw how flushed Cindy's face and upper body was and told her, "Start playing with your cunt slut. I want you to make yourself cum. Just make sure you ask for permission before you do." 

 Cindy's hands flew to her pussy and she started to stroke her clit. All she could think of was eating Susan's pussy and getting herself off. 

 Sandy drove to the adult emporium where the glory hole was located. After today and all that had happened, her brain was starting to take over. The humiliation of sucking all the cocks and filling another cup was feeding her craving. Sandy's cunt was dripping and her nipples were so hard they hurt. Sitting in her car the plug was buzzing and the balls were bouncing around and overwhelming her senses. If she didn't get to the shop soon she was going to orgasm. 

 Sandy's coat was wide open and her hand was playing with her tits. She really wasn't looking around to see if anyone was looking at her. She didn't care all that mattered was to complete her task. Just as everything was about to peak she pulled into the parking lot. She quickly turned off the car and jumped out of the seat. She needed the buzzing to stop and give her a chance to calm down before she walked through the door. 

 Bill was standing behind the counter when Sandy walked through the door. Anita had called him and he was expecting the slave teacher. After the call he spent the next hour calling all his friends and customers telling them to get their asses over here. He smiled as she walked up to him and said, "My mistress told me to come here and follow instructions." 

 "That's right slut, you are to do exactly what I say. Now you know the drill. Here is your cup and vibrator, go to the last stall and connect your collar to the clip. You are to stay there until you fill up the cup. Oh and one other thing, you can only deposit cum into the cup that goes into your mouth. All the rest stays on your body." 

 Sandy cringed at the thought. It would take longer to fill the cup this way. The last time she was able to fill about half of it with cum scraped off her body and off the floor. She dropped her coat, grabbed the cup and vibrator and turned for the door in the back of the store. That is when she noticed all the men loitering around the store. There must have been at least fifty men of all ages looking at her with big smiles. The humiliation hit her brain and went straight to her cunt. All rational thoughts went out of her head and the only thing her body needed now was cum. 

 As she started for the door, Bill called out. "Make sure you clean the room when you are done. I don't want any cum left in there when you come out." 

 Sandy dropped her head and nodded. It was going to be a long night. 

 As Sandy entered the small room she placed the vibrator on the floor and attached the suction cup. Sandy reached down and removed the balls from her pussy. She then lowered her cunt on top of vibrator and pushed down. The feeling of it filling her made her feel complete. This is exactly where she should be. She was now thinking of herself as a cum loving humiliation craving slut slave. 

 When the vibrator hit bottom, she leaned forward and clipped her collar to the ring below the hole in front of her face. Before she could move, the first cock appeared through the hole. She opened her mouth and took it down her throat. Seconds later two cocks appeared on each side of her head. She quickly grabbed them with her hands and started to jerk them off. Five minutes later the cock in her mouth exploded down her throat. She backed off to keep from swallowing cum and caught most of it in her mouth. When she took one of her hands off a cock, and heard a voice. "Never let go of a cock. Spit it into the cup and get busy on that dildo." Sandy jumped at the voice and started to fuck herself. 

 Sandy grabbed the cup and placed it between her legs and returned her hand back to the cock. She then bowed her head and spit cum towards the cup. She missed with some of it and it landed between her legs. Before she could react another cock arrived in front of her face. Just as she opened her mouth the cock on her left started to shoot its load on the side of her head and down her arm. Sandy closed her eyes and swallowed the cock. 

 This is how it went for her, an endless line of cocks from all angles. The vibrator was buzzing and making it hard for her to concentrate. After a while she couldn't see anything as her face and eyes was covered and dripping down her chest. Her body could no longer handle all the stimulus and she convulsed with a massive orgasm. As her body shook from the waves of pleasure pulsing through her body, the cocks on all sides came simultaneously and shot a massive amount of semen in and on her body. When she spit it towards the cup it was just a guess if she made it. After what seemed like hours there was a break, she quickly wiped her eyes and looked down at the cup. It was full and running over. There was a large puddle around it as well as all over her body. The vibrator's battery had long ago died but it too was covered with her drippings. 

 Sandy reached over and unclipped the collar from the ring and raised her cunt off the vibrator. She wiped her eyes and licked her fingers. She carefully moved the cup to the side so as not to spill it and looked down at the floor. There was cum everywhere. 

 Sandy slowly dropped her head to the floor and started to lick the mess off the floor. The more she licked the more it fed her addiction. Her mind was exploding with the humiliation from each lick. It took about 15 minutes before she exploded with another orgasm. This one was not from her cunt but from her mind. Sandy could not function as the orgasm exploded throughout her entire body. 

 When she finally regained her senses and finished cleaning cum off the floor, she crawled out of the room and headed down the hall. When Sandy entered the store what she saw shocked her. There were men lining the aisle leading to the front counter. They were standing there applauding her performance. She blushed down to her toes but what surprised her was a feeling of pride. She had finished her task and satisfied each and every one of them. As she walked past them she looked up and standing right by the counter were the two black football players she ran into this morning. Sandy could only look at the floor and set the cup on the counter and ask for her coat. Bill laughed and tossed her coat and said "Well done slut, come back anytime." 

 Sandy's self-esteem was now nonexistent as she now thought of herself as a slut slave to her student Mistress. 

 Sandy quickly put her coat on and grabbed the lid Bill had placed on the counter. She placed the lid on the cup, grabbed it and walked out the door to her car. Sandy was glad to be covered but realized that this coat was what she had to wear to school each day and it was now once again soaked in cum. 

 Now she was going to smell like cum every time she left the apartment. Sandy started her car and headed towards her apartment. After about twenty minutes she pulled into the parking lot outside her apartment. She hesitated for a minute before opening the door. She looked in her rear view mirror and all she saw was cum covering her face. It was starting to dry but it completely covered her entire face. A tear ran down her cheek as she headed for the door. 

 As soon as Sandy entered the door she removed her coat. Anita had left instructions on the table for her slave. 

 Cum Slut. 

 I trust you had a good evening. Here are your instructions for the evening. 

 1) I want you to take your cup over to the counter and fill the ice cube trays with cum and put them in the freezer. After you have filled the trays, place what's left in the cup in the refrigerator. You can drink it later. 

 2) Your dinner is in your bowl in the refrigerator. It is a surprise, take it out and eat it all. I hope you enjoy it. Do not clean your face after eating. You are nothing more than a dirty cum eating slut. 

 3) When you finish your dinner, go to the bathroom and relieve yourself. Make sure you put your plug in your mouth when you go. I will be watching you. 

 4) After you finish going to the toilet, replace the plug and go out to the living room. Open the blinds and face the window. 

 5) Turn on the TV and watch your latest adventure at the glory hole. 

 6) Grab the vibrator on the table by the couch and fuck your slutty pussy. Set the egg timer beside it for fifteen minutes. Don't stop till the bell rings. Reset the timer for five minutes, when the bell rings and do it again. DO NOT CUM! Do this for an hour. Make sure the lights are on so anyone walking by can see you. 

 7) Tomorrow morning get up at six AM. Go to the bathroom and use the toilet. You know what to do with the plug. Do not wash up or clean your body till you get to school. 

 8) Fill your bowl with the kibbles and eat. If it is too dry pour the remaining cum over it. 

 Empty the cum cubes into the clear plastic glass on the counter. Pour the remaining cum over the cubes and put the straw and lid on it and bring it with you to school. 

 9) Go to the same locker room and shower and get ready for school. Your clothes are in the same locker as yesterday. If anyone catches you give them a blow job to keep them quiet. 

 10) Stop by Miss Julie's room on the way to your room. Obey her all of her commands. 

 11) I will meet you in your room at seven AM. Don't be late. 

 Sleep well slut. Remember I may be watching you. 

 Sandy walked over to the counter and opened the lid on the cup. As she started to fill the trays she noticed that each tray made about twenty small ice cubes about ½" in size. Because of the size of the cup she was able to fill all three of the trays. She looked down at the cup which was still about a quarter filled and placed it in the refrigerator. She reached in and pulled out her dinner bowl and set it on the floor. 

 Sandy dropped to her knees and looked at her dinner. It wasn't kibbles this time. But what looked like pieces of meat smothered in gravy. Sandy quickly dropped her head down to the bowl and started to eat. It tasted wonderful. It was the first real food she had eaten in several days. When she finished it all and had licked the bowl, she raised her head. Her face was covered in cum and gravy. 

 Sandy stood up and looked down the counter. She gasped when she saw the empty dog food can sitting at the end. Sandy just stared at the can. Her mind processed what she saw and realized that she was nothing more than an animal to her mistress. She was no longer a person, just a humiliation cum slut to her mistress. Sandy's mind used this to again feed her addiction and sent waves of arousal to her cunt. 

 She then walked over to the window and opened the blinds. Anyone walking by would have a clear view of her on the couch. She then walked to the couch and sat down and spread her legs. Her arousal was building rapidly. Sandy turned on the TV and watched herself walk into the cubical with the glory hole. As she watched the slut on the screen kneel down on the dildo on the floor and clip her collar to the wall, she reached over and set the timer, grabbed the vibrator and started to fuck her cunt. As each cock spewed its contents on the slut, Sandy shoved the vibrator faster in and out of her cunt. By the time the third cock had squirted its load in her mouth, Sandy was on the verge of a massive climax. 

 Sandy's hands were a blur pushing the plastic cock in and out of her sloppy, dripping slut hole. She was seconds from an orgasm, when the bell rang. 

 Sandy groaned and stopped as not disobeying her mistress was ingrained in her head. She took a few breaths, grabbed the timer and set it for five minutes. 

 As the slave teacher continued watching herself sucking and stroking cock after cock her brain was feeding off the humiliation of the situation and increasing her craving for cum. The five minutes went quickly and the bell rang again. She moaned as her hand automatically reached for the timer to start the process all over again. 

 By the time the hour was over Sandy was sweating profusely and the dried cum was making her feel sticky and seem like she had just walked out the glory hole booth. She watched as her body was now covered on the screen and she could almost feel each time another load of cum splashed on her skin. 

 She had not climaxed but she was on the edge and her arousal was not diminishing. She had to do something to satisfy her craving. She then walked over to the frig and grabbed the glass still partially filled with cum. She brought it to her lips and took a large gulp. She swished it around her mouth savoring the taste as it quenched her craving. It was like a fix to a junkie. Her body relaxed as cum from who knows how many men slid down her throat and into her stomach. She dropped to her knees and enjoyed the warm feeling rushing throughout her body as she was now sated. 

 Sandy replaced the cup in the refrigerator and crawled to her bed. Her body exhausted but her mind thinking of how her mistress would feed her need for humiliation and cum tomorrow. 

 Sandy sat on the floor for a couple of minutes before she slowly crawled to her bed and fell into a deep sleep. 

 Dawn stood at the door leading to the parking lot. She stood waiting for her mistress. The tats decorating her body were a stinging reminder of her new station in life. As she stood there her hand drifted down the front of her coat and pushed it open. She lowered her head and looked at the tat. It seemed to glow like neon. She was sure no matter what she wore it would show through and announces to the world she was nothing more than a slut slave, a possession to be owned and dominated. 

 Anita and Susanna arrived a few minutes later. Anita looked at the slave and said, "Drop your coat I want to see your body slut." 

 Dawn quickly blushed and felt the humiliation of being naked once again in school, but followed instructions and dropped her coat on the floor. She stood naked in front of her mistress students. She slowly turned and showed her new decorations to Anita. 

 "Wow those are beautiful slut. I can't wait till I see you walk down the hallway showing them to the world." 

 Susanna grabbed the leash, "Pick up your coat and put it on. It's time to go home." 

 The twins pushed past the slut as she dressed and walked out the door, dragging her blushing slave behind them. As Dawn looked around the parking lot she noticed that almost all the cars were gone. Dawn's car was no longer in the parking lot where she left it, but in its place was Susanna's BMW. Dawn saw a car she didn't recognize but she couldn't see if there was anyone in it. But it didn't matter now, she was only a slave. 

 Susan watched her roommate stroking her cunt. The faster her fingers moved the closer she was to a climax. It took only a few minutes before she was begging to cum. Susan smiled and waited until just as Cindy was about to go over the edge before she said. "Stop slut! Do not cum! Go to bed and wake me tomorrow morning with your tongue in my pussy at eight o'clock." 

 Cindy stopped stroking her clit. Her body was right on the edge of a massive climax. The only thing she could think of was finishing herself off. "Please mistress let me cum. I will do anything you want just let me cum." 

 "Oh you will do anything I want regardless of whether I let you cum or not. I own you now slut." 

 Cindy slumped down to the floor and crawled to her bunk and tried to go to sleep. She rolled over so her back was facing her mistress. She waited till she thought she was asleep and slid her fingers down to her cunt. She slowly started to caress her clit as her need superseded following instructions about climaxing. 

 Susan was expecting this and waited till she could see her slut's body start to tremble. She knew she was close. Susan slipped off her bunk and grabbed a belt from her dresser. As she tiptoed across the room, she raised her hand and brought the belt down across the slave's ass with a mighty slap. 

 Cindy was caught completely by surprise by the blow and it took a second for the pain to reach her brain. She screamed as the first blow was followed by another. Susan quickly grabbed a pair of panties off the floor and shoved them into her mouth. 

 "Quiet slave or I will send you out in the hall to sleep naked." 

 Cindy was crying and trying to keep from screaming as blow after blow rained down on bare ass. 

 "You will learn to obey me slut. I control what you do and when you can cum. The sooner you learn that the sooner you will achieve fulfillment beyond your dreams." 

 Susan then grabbed a pair of stockings and tied her hands behind her back. "Remember to wake me tomorrow and don't be late slut." 

 Cindy lay on her bed wondering how she would be able to wake up on time without an alarm clock. It was going to be a long night. 

 Cindy didn't sleep much that night. Her mind was all over the place. How in the world did this happen to her. She was naked and bound, her body craving a climax and her roommate was controlling her every move. In spite of this the orgasms she had were the best she had ever experienced. As her brain was telling her to get away from this woman, her body was relishing everything that had happened and craved more. Cindy fell into a restless sleep having erotic dreams of kneeling at her mistress' feet and submitting to her every desire. 

 Cindy woke at seven the next morning. She rolled over and watched her mistress, sleeping naked on her bunk. As the minutes passed she felt the arousal starting to build in her cunt. By the time it was just before eight her whole body was flushed with excitement. Her cunt was gushing and had leaked down her leg and soaked her sheets. With just a minute to spare she rolled off the bed and crawled across the room and leaned over Susan's bare pussy. She looked at it and thought how nice it looked. She had never looked at another woman's pussy before but now this is exactly where she wanted to be. As the clock struck eight, she leaned down and started to lick her mistress. 

 Susan was dreaming of how and when she would be able to gain control of the ex- teacher as her roommate started licking. Her legs opened to give better access and moaned as the slut was pushing her tongue deeper into her slit. In Susan's dream Sandy Hauser was kneeling in front of her and had her face buried deep into her crotch. As her orgasm was approaching her hand slid down her body and grabbed the head between her legs and roughly shoved the face deep into her cunt. As she forced the face up and down her slit using her nose and tongue to increase her pleasure. Cindy was having trouble breathing as her nose was buried deep in Susan's tunnel when Susan climaxed and flooded her face with her juices. Cindy opened her mouth and accepted the fluid and swallowed all she could. The taste was sweeter than anything she had ever tasted. It was at that moment she was hooked and would do anything to taste it again. 

 Susan released her slut's head and shoved her to the floor. She opened her eyes and looked down at the flushed slut sitting on the floor. She glanced at the time and smiled. "Well done slut. I think I'll keep you." Cindy smiled up at Susan and felt a feeling of satisfaction for pleasing her mistress. 

 Susan slowly got up and headed for the showers. It was going to be a long day. She had two classes and needed to go the lawyer's office to start looking into the Martinez family. With what information she had she was hopeful the investigators would be able to get to the bottom of whatever it was they had on the two teachers. 

 After a refreshing shower Susan returned to the room. Cindy was sitting naked on her bed. "May I get dressed now mistress? I have class in about an hour." 

 Susan looked at the sexy slut looking up at her. "Sure but first I want to get something for you to keep you in the right frame of mind." She knelt down beside her bed and pulled out a box. She opened it and pulled out a medium size butt plug, some lubricant, and a black choker. Although the choker wasn't a slave collar, it would remind her slut of her new status. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 07 ****** bysadkins116© "Put the plug in and leave it there until I tell you to remove it. If you need to go to the bathroom first go ahead, but only wear a tee shirt. I also want you to wear this choker to remind you that you belong to me." She then leaned over and released her hands. 

 Cindy grabbed the items, picked up a tee shirt, slipped it on and walked out the door. She had a tingle down below and her cunt was once again wet. She had never been this aroused for so long before in her life. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 08 ****** bysadkins116© Dawn rode in the backseat with the twins in front. Her coat was open and all she could see was the word SLUT emblazoned just about her cunt. As soon as the school was out of sight her mind went back to the slave mode. Her arousal was climbing, and her hand was drifting down to where her legs met. She smiled as her fingers found her clit and began to lightly massage it. She looked at her mistress driving and wondered what adventures she was planning for her. 

 Susanna looked in the mirror at her slave sitting in the backseat; her coat wide open and her hand between her legs. "You better not cum slut." 

 "No mistress, this slut is just practicing at being a slut for you." Dawn felt at ease with her confirmed status as a slave. Her mind fully accepting it and welcoming whatever her mistress wanted. 

 When they arrived at her apartment and walked in the door. Dawn quickly dropped her coat and knelt beside the door. Anita watched as the teacher showed no embarrassment at her nudity or her body decorations. She wondered how her slave would react it she did the same thing to her. 

 Susanna sat down at the kitchen table and motioned Anita to sit with her. "What do you think I should do with it now Sis? What are your plans for your slave?" She didn't think of the slave teacher as a person now. It was just a possession to be used and abused. 

 "I'm going to have it visit the glory hole one more time. I figure by the time it finishes eating and wearing all that cum it will start to crave it. The slut already craves humiliation and pain. If I can make it crave cum also there won't be anything the slut won't do." 

 "Wow you really have trained it well. You didn't use the 'Mind Bender' toy did you?" 

 Susanna answered, "No I wanted to push it without using that. I wanted it to fully realize each time it passed a barrier and surrender another piece of its self-esteem till the slut has none left. I'm having the slut give up one of its slut holes each day during its free period. The slut has no idea who is using it. I have it blindfolded and cuffed. The slut just has to accept any cock that shows up. When the slut is teaching, it doesn't know if any of the students that are in the class just had their cock in one of its holes." 

 "Wow and I thought I was evil." 

 "It just feeds its craving for humiliation as well as developing it's cum addiction." 

 "I think I'm just going to have my slave expose a little more of its body each day for the rest of the week. It really can't do much till the tats heal. By Friday I'll start exposing the tat on its back. What should we do with Julie? Maybe I could use the Mind Bender toy on her" Susanna suggested. 

 "I know we let her to continue to play with the sluts. Before long she will be in so deep we could make her do anything. We would own her then. Isn't there a party this weekend? We could have all three slaves wear masks and service everyone there. No one would know who they are but the slaves would know they are fucking students. We could have the new slut fuck her son, wouldn't that be fun?" Anita responded. 

 "I like that, but let's make sure we have complete control of her so she has to submit to us." With that said both girls looked at the slave kneeling by the door. 

 "Slut we are hungry, order us a pizza and have it delivered." 

 "Yes mistress," Dawn replied. 

 Julie arrived at home thinking about all that had happened today. It started off normal enough. Then the two slut teachers arrived at school and everything changed. Going from a mundane existence with her son to having lesbian sex at school was crazy. And what was she going to do about the twins. They scared her. She had ended up naked in her own office in front of them. If they released the video of her molesting the teacher she would be fired. Let alone the humiliation she and her son, Alex would experience. 

 Julie decided not to cross the twins and walked to her room to figure out what to wear tomorrow to school. She finally decided on a black skirt she only wore a few times for her husband. It came to mid-calf and buttoned down the front. For the blouse she chose a white button up satin blouse that wasn't very tight. Hopefully it wouldn't be noticeable that her tits would be bouncing freely. Just then her cell phone rang. Julie looked at the display and saw it was a Face-time call from Anita. "Oh God what do I do?" She thought. Julie hesitated but answered the call. 

 "Hey Julie, are you being a good girl and following instructions?" Anita asked looking at the nervous woman. 

 "Y-Y-Y-Yes, I am." 

 "Let me see what you are wearing then Julie." 

 Julie held her phone out from her body and showed Anita what she had on. When Julie arrived home she'd changed into some sweat pants and sweat shirt. She was now afraid of what Anita would say about this. 

 "I thought we told you no pants any longer. Strip and let me see if you followed our other instructions." 

 "Anita I'm sorry I didn't know I had to dress as you instructed at home too. I won't let it happen again." 

 "Listen slut I said strip and I mean now! If you can't understand that, then I will make sure you will understand it from now on." 

 Julie quickly sat the phone down and stripped off her sweats, followed by her bra and panties. She then picked up the phone and showed her naked body. Julie was very nervous as her son was just down the hall in his room. Even though she was in her room he could stop by. 

 Anita watched Julie's anxiety and smiled. "Seeing as you have trouble remembering what you are told, show me your night gowns." 

 Julie gasped as she was afraid of what the dominating student was about to do to her. But she walked to her dresser, opened the drawer and pulled out her night gowns and spread them across her bed. 

 As Julie panned the camera across the bed Anita knew which gown her new slave was about to wear for the evening. 

 "Very Good Julie, I like the white one on the right. That is what you are to wear for the rest of the night. Oh, and by the way you are not allowed to be in your bed room until I say. The rest of the evening must be spent in the living room or kitchen." 

 "Oh my god Anita, I can't wear that around the house. It is almost transparent and only comes to just below my ass. I'll be exposing myself to Alex." 

 "Well that's the price you pay when you don't follow the rules. You are lucky I'm letting you wear anything. The next time I catch you wearing anything not allowed you will spend the next two days naked at home. Do you understand slut?" 

 "Yes mistress, I understand." 

 "Oh and one more thing, just in case your son spends the night in his room, I want you to visit him every hour. Make sure he sees all of you." 

 "Yes mistress." Julie was now crying and tears were streaming down her face. The wonderful thoughts of dominating the teachers was now gone and the humiliation of being dominated was now consuming her entire body. Julie reached out, grabbed the garment and pulled it over her head. The thin material did little to hide her body. You could easily see her nipples and tits. The V-neck plunged down between her breasts and ended just below her navel. There was enough lace around the crotch to hide her pussy but with her dark hair you could see the shadow and tell she wasn't wearing panties. The bottom stopped just a few inches below her ass, but there were slits in both sides up to her waist. 

 "Let me see slut." Anita said. 

 Julie panned the camera over her body once again blushing down to her tits. 

 "I see we need to do some grooming. Make sure you shave that cunt. From now on keep it shaved." 

 "Yes mistress," Julie answered, but what was surprising was she was getting aroused. Her nipples were hard and the gown was not helping matters. Julie's hand drifted down her stomach to her pussy only to find it was soaked and starting to leak down her leg. "What is wrong with me? Why am I so excited? Is it because of my mistress? Or is it because I'm about to expose myself to my son? I don't know the answer but my body is totally aroused." She thought to herself 

 Anita noticed Julie's reactions and knew it wouldn't be long till she was totally submitting to them. The party this weekend was going to be fun. Anita made a note to make sure Alex was invited. 

 Julie stood in her room not able to move. The thought of leaving her bedroom and going out into the rest of the house was terrifying. Having to expose her body to her son was beyond comprehension. 

 Anita watched closely waiting for her to move; when she just stood there she called out. "I guess we are going to release our videos. Susanna, sign on to the computer and pull up the email list. We have some files to send." 

 Julie heard what Anita said and gasped. She couldn't let that happen. "No mistress, I'm leaving my room. I will do as instructed. Please don't send the videos. Please, please, please don't. I'm begging you." 

 Anita looked at the screen and watched as Julie walked out of the bedroom and headed to the living room. "OK slut, I want you sitting on the couch. Make sure you keep your legs wide open and don't try to cover yourself. Set the phone down on the table and make sure I can see the entire room and do not end this call." 

 "Yes mistress," The defeated mother said. 

 Anita wasn't going to watch the entire evening but she wanted to make sure to watch when Alex got an eyeful of his slut mother. 

 "Susanna, call Alex's cell phone and invite him to the party Saturday. Make sure you get him to go downstairs and get something from the kitchen. He has to walk through the living room to get there and I want to see both of them when he sees his mother almost naked." 

 Julie sat on the couch as instructed with one leg on the floor and the other on the couch. Her short night gown did little to cover her pussy. Basically she was exposing her entire body. If Alex walked in she would die of embarrassment. In spite of all this her body was betraying her. Her breathing was coming in short pants and her nipples were hard and extended. Julie had never been this aroused before. 

 In the last fourteen hours or so she had experienced sexual highs she never knew existed. Julie, trying to calm down, turned on the TV; hopefully watching a TV show would allow her body to relax. She prayed that Alex would stay in his room for now. After a few minutes without even realizing it Julie's hand slid down her stomach. Soon it reached its destination and started to slowly massage her labia. There was no need for lubrication as she was already dripping. She closed her eyes and drifted off in a dream. 

 In her mind she was in her office. She was naked and Miss Reynolds was on her knees licking her cunt. As she was getting closer to a climax in her dream her fingers were rapidly stroking her clit. In her dream just as her climax hit her son opened the door to her office. 

 "MOM, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" 

 Julie opened her eyes and there stood Alex watching her masturbate. Her climax erupted from deep inside her body and rapidly spread down to her toes and up to her head. Julie screamed as she could not control her body as her hand stopped in mid stroke. 

 "ALEX, I thought you were in your room. I-I-I-I'm sorry I don't know what came over me." 

 Julie didn't know what to say, but she didn't move or try to cover herself. Her body was still tingling from her orgasm and exposing her body was just feeding her arousal. 

 "I think I know who came," Alex said still shocked at seeing his mother basically naked and masturbating on the couch. Although he knew his mother was a very pretty woman who had a great body, he had never looked at her as a sexual being before. That now changed as his cock was fully erect and making a large tent in his shorts. 

 Julie blushed at the comment but couldn't take her eyes off his shorts. Alex had always been her little boy, her pride and joy. But that now changed. Standing in front of her was a man. Not just a man, but a very handsome, well- built man with a massive cock, wearing only shorts. She glanced up and gasped as for the first time she really saw her son. With his washboard abs, strong chest, and well developed arms, she couldn't stop staring at him. 

 Alex watched in silence as his eyes took in his mother's body. Her night gown was up around her stomach and her legs spread wide it left nothing to the imagination. Her labia were wet and swollen. Her arousal was very evident. As his eyes moved up her body he noticed her gown had fallen off her left shoulder and her tit was totally exposed. 

 Julie was first to snap out of it and quickly closed her legs and covered her breast. Alex turned and headed towards the kitchen. Both were blushing at the entire situation. Alex realized he had his phone in his hand and Susanna Martinez was on the line. 

 "Susanna I have to go, I'll talk to you tomorrow," He said as he hung up the phone. 

 Anita and Susanna were watching it all on Anita's iPad. Both of them broke out in hysterics as they now had another slave. This one they got without their parents help. 

 Dawn was still kneeling naked beside the door. She had called for the pizza and watched as her mistress' called Miss Julie and dominated her over the phone. She smiled as she remembered when her mistress had first started to dominate her. How she tried to resist but after the first couple of days she realized that she was nothing more than a slut slave. 

 There was a knock at the door, the pizza had arrived. 

 "Come here slut." Susanna called. Dawn stood and walked to her mistress. "Go over and let the delivery boy in. Do not cover your body. When he enters kneel down before him and hand him the money. Then ask him if you can suck his cock for a tip." 

 "Yes mistress," The slut answered and turned towards the door. As Dawn's mind and body's arousal increasing with every step as she walked to the door. 

 When the slave teacher opened the door, the delivery boy gasped. There standing in front of him was a naked Miss Reynolds, his ex-math teacher from high school. As his eyes scanned every inch of her body, they followed the chains leading from the rings on her tits to her bare pussy. It was then he noticed the word SLUT tattooed just above her cunt. He watched as she dropped to her knees and asked him to come inside the apartment. 

 Dawn opened the door but couldn't look the boy in front of her in the eyes. She stood for a moment then dropped to her knees. "Please come in." 

 As he stood there for a minute she looked up at him and moaned. It was Billy, a previous student, who had graduated a year ago. As he walked past her and into the living room, she remembered that his brother was a senior at school. She knew her slavery would now be public knowledge. There was no way to hide it any longer. 

 "Please sir, may this slut suck your cock as a tip?" 

 Billy looked around the room and saw the Martinez twins sitting at the kitchen table. "Are you shitting me? What is going on here?" 

 "You heard her; she wants to give you a tip. But as you can see she has no money. Just say yes, and she will service your cock," Susanna explained. 

 "Shit yeah, go for it slut." 

 Dawn leaned forward, opened his pants, and pulled them and his boxers down his legs. His cock while not totally erect was rapidly expanding as the pretty naked teacher opened her mouth and started to lick his cock. Billy smiled as he watched his ex-teacher was now licking his entire cock from his balls to the tip. He moaned when she took the first couple of inches in her mouth and worked her tongue around the head. She pulled back a little, then leaned forward and shoved the entire unit down her throat. She held it there for a moment before pulling back and started to rapidly fuck his cock with her mouth. 

 Billy couldn't believe what was happening. The prettiest teacher in the entire school was naked on her knees sucking his cock. He looked down at her and noticed the tat on her back. He then saw the chain bracelets on her wrists and ankles. It didn't take long before he felt his balls starting to contract and push his cum up his shaft. He closed his eyes and moaned as his cock exploded in the slut's mouth. 

 Dawn felt the cock grow and pulled back as he shot his load into her mouth. She swallowed as fast as she could but it still leaked out of the corners of her mouth and down her chin, as his cock pumped stream after stream into the slut. When he finally stopped the slut pulled the cock from her mouth and licked the tip to clean up any residual cum. 

 "I don't know how you did this, but I can't wait to tell my brother," He said to the twins. 

 "Oh no you don't stud, if you say one thing I will make your life a living hell. Just enjoy your tip and keep your mouth shut. If you are good, every time you deliver here you'll get another tip. Understand?" 

 "No problem, I can do that." 

 Dawn couldn't look at her ex-student. She kept her eyes lowered and waited for instructions. The humiliation of the situation caused her to blush down to her chest. 

 Susanna watched as her slut finished its task and remained kneeling on the floor. She smiled as the training was complete. Her slave was no longer thinking on her own. It was only doing what it was told. 

 "OK stud, the show's over. You got your tip, get out and remember, keep this to yourself." 

 Billy nodded, bent over and pulled his pants up and walked out the door. 

 Susanna got up and walked to the slave kneeling by the door. "You did well slave. Bring the pizza over to the table; your food is in your dish." 

 In spite of the humiliation of the situation, Dawn was happy. She had pleased her mistress. She quickly grabbed the pizza box and brought it to the table. She then turned and dropped to the floor to her dish. Inside was a mix of kibbles and gravy. She dropped her head and started to eat. 

 The twins sat and ate the pizza talking and watching the slave eat. When they finished they walked to the living room and stripped off their clothes. When the slut finished her dinner and drank her fill of water, she sat up and waited for her next task. 

 "Slut, wash your face and crawl over here. We need your talented tongue," Said Susanna. 

 The slave smiled, she was finally where she belonged, between her mistress' legs. 

 For the next two hours the twins used the sluts tongue to multiple orgasms. Dawn's mouth and tongue was aching and her face was covered with cum when they finished. 

 "OK slut, you know the drill. Do not wash or clean up till you get to school tomorrow. You may use the toilet before you leave, but hold the plug in your mouth when you go. Only wear your coat to school, no shoes. When you get to school stop by Miss Julie's office before you go to the locker. Your outfit will be waiting for you. Your instructions are the same as yesterday, shower and fix your hair and makeup while naked and plugged. I will meet you in your room at seven. Don't be late." 

 The slave nodded and crawled to her room. 

 Anita turned back to the iPad. Julie was still sitting in her living room quietly sobbing. Alex had ended the call and returned to his room. "Slut, pick up the phone," Anita called. 

 Julie got up from the couch and walked to the phone. She picked it up and asked, "Yes mistress, what do you want?" 

 "That is no way to speak to your owner slave. I will not have any attitude. Go to the kitchen and get a wooden spoon." 

 "Yes mistress" she answered as she walked to the kitchen. Julie opened the drawer and grabbed a large wooden spoon and returned to the living room. "I have it mistress," she said as she held it in front of the camera. 

 "Good, take off your night gown and leave it where you are and return to the couch." 

 "Yes mistress," Julie answered as she dropped the night gown on the floor and walked naked to the couch. Julie looked at the stairs and hoped Alex stayed in his room. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 08 ****** bysadkins116© "OK slut, we are going to do an attitude adjustment. I want you to spread your legs wide and spank your cunt with the spoon. If you don't do it hard enough we will have your son do it. Which means we will have to tell him why you are now our slave, understand?" 

 "Oh my god, you wouldn't?" 

 "Oh yes we will now get busy. Put the phone where we can watch." 

 Julie looked around the room. Here she was naked in her living room about to spank her pussy with a wooden spoon with her son upstairs in his room. She slowly took the phone to the coffee table and placed it so her mistress could see her debase herself. 

 "Better hurry up, Alex might come down again any minute," Anita reminded the slave. 

 Julie sat back on the couch and spread her legs. She grabbed the spoon and raised her hand. 

 "Wider, spread those legs wider slut and get with it." 

 Julie spread her legs as wide as she could. Her labia were now gaping and from her angle Anita could look right up her gaping hole. Julie raised her hand and brought the spoon down on her exposed pussy. 

 "SMACK." The sound seemed to echo in the room and the pain coursed through her body. Julie gasped and reached with her other hand to grab her pussy. 

 "Not hard enough slut. Do a better job than that or you know what we will do. That one didn't count, you have 20 more to do, and don't cover that cunt again. " 

 Julie looked at the phone with a panicked expression. How was she going to do this if the first hit wasn't hard enough? "Yes mistress," she whispered. 

 Julie removed her hand and swung the spoon again much harder. 

 SMACK. "U-U-Ugh" she groaned. SMACK. "OH MY GOD THAT HURTS." SMACK. "OOOOH PLEASE MISTRESS, I WILL BE GOOD MISTRESS." 

 "Don't stop now slut. You have seventeen more to go. And you might want to keep your voice down or Alex might hear you and come down to check on you." 

 Julie's pussy was already turning bright red from the first blows but she raised her hand again and brought the spoon down again. 

 SMACK. SMACK. SMACK. Three shots in quick succession as Julie was now crying uncontrollably. 

 SMACK. SMACK. SMACK. SMACK. Four more shots to her now abused cunt. Julie was blubbering and begging for mercy. "Please mistress have mercy on your slut. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE HAVE MERCY." 

 "Keep going slut, you have ten left. You will learn to obey without any attitude." 

 Julie's pussy was now turning purple and was swollen. She would have trouble even walking tomorrow. 

 SMACK, SMACK, SMACK Julie doubled over and dropped to her knees. The pain was overwhelming her mind and body. 

 "I can't take it any more mistresses. Please I'm begging you. No more on my pussy." 

 OK slut, I'll take mercy on you. All you have to do is finish with your tits, two on each and they had better be good shots or its back to your slutty cunt." 

 

 "Oh thank you mistress, I won't disappoint you," She said as she raised her hand over her head and brought the spoon down with a mighty blow on her right tit. A large red welt immediately formed in the shape of the spoon just above the nipple. Julie gasped but did not cry out and followed with a harder blow to the left tit. 

 "O-O-O-Ohhh God that hurts," She groaned. 

 Julie quickly repeated the process and finished her punishment. 

 "I hope you learned your lesson slut. The next time will be worse," Anita admonished the weeping slave. 

 "Yes mistress I will obey," Julie groaned. 

 "Here are your instructions for tomorrow. You remember what you are allowed to wear don't you?" 

 "Yes mistress," She answered. 

 "Good, get to school before six, go to your office and strip. Slut Reynolds will be there at six. She will only be wearing her coat. Take her coat and have her eat you out till you cum. Then send her to the locker room naked to shower and dress. Slave Hauser will be at your room around 6:45. If she has cum on her make sure you leave it. Have her lick your ass for at least five minutes. Then kneel down and eat her pussy till she cums. Do not wash your face when you finish. Just spread it around, I want you to smell like pussy all day. Then send the slut to her room. Make sure she is there by seven. Slave Reynolds will have some toys for you to wear all day. Put them in your cunt and ass I will be checking so leave them in." 

 Julie couldn't believe her ears. What if someone else stopped by her office while she was naked? What if Alex stopped by? How was she supposed to get anything done? 

 "Yes mistress." She answered. 

 "Now get your slutty ass up to bed. Leave your gown on the floor. Maybe your son will get to see his mom totally naked." Anita finished as she ended the call 

 Julie groaned and grabbed the phone off the table. She slowly stood and started towards the stairs to her room but the pain was intense. After a couple of steps she turned to and went to the kitchen and fixed a bag of ice to sooth her screaming pussy. With the bag in hand she held if to her cunt and walked up the stairs to go to bed. Julie's mind was a jumble in just a few hours she had lost all control of her life. 

 Susanna quickly wrote down some last minute instructions for her slave as the twins left the apartment and headed home. 

 Sandy woke to the alarm at six AM. She hadn't slept too well; her dreams were filled with erotic images. She kept seeing images of her kneeling in front of her class naked, begging to suck any cock from any student. Or of being led by a leash naked down the hall between classes as the students were pawing her body and calling her a slut, a whore, a cock sucker and many other vile names. Instead of being afraid of this possibly happening to her, her mind was craving the situations. 

 She walked into the bathroom and looked at her image in the mirror. What she saw she didn't recognize. The person in the mirror was not a respected teacher but a naked cum covered slut slave. Her face was covered in dried cum and gravy from her dinner. Her hair was plastered to the side of her face. Dried cum covered her entire body. Sandy took her hand and slid it up her stomach to her tit. The feeling was strangely erotic. She remembered watched her image on the TV sucking and stroking so many cocks. Milking each one of every bit of its precious fluid and depositing it on and in her body. Sandy could still smell and taste cum. The effect on her mind was to start the craving all over again. 

 The longer Sandy stood staring at the mirror the more aroused she was. Her other hand drifted down to her ass and twisted the plug still deeply embedded now for what seemed like forever. It was now normal to have something buried in her ass. She slowly started to pull the plug in and out of her ass while she pinched and twisted her nipple. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling as her body started to climb that mountain again. 

 Sandy suddenly remembered what she had to do and quickly pulled the anal plug from her rectum and shoved it in her mouth. That depraved act which should make her sick to her stomach only fed the addiction for humiliation her mind now craved. Sandy sat down on the toilet and evacuated her bowels and bladder. When finished she removed the plug from her mouth and returned it to its normal place. There was no need for lubrication as her sphincter was now stretched and easily accepted the plug. 

 Sandy stood and walked to the kitchen to eat her breakfast. She poured the kibbles in the dish and knelt down on the floor to eat. She didn't even consider sitting at the kitchen table. Her place was on the floor. When she finished eating and drinking her fill of water, she stood and pulled out the now frozen cum cubes from the freezer. The cup was a large clear plastic cup with a lid and straw. Sandy emptied two of the trays into the cup and poured in the remaining cum from the cup in the frig. The third tray would have to wait till later. Looking at the cup it was clear what was inside. 

 Sandy grabbed the cup, walked to the door, put on her coat and walked out to her car. Her coat after the last couple of days reeked of cum and it only increased her craving. Sandy didn't bother to close her coat during the drive. Leaving it open as she slowly stroked her clit as she drove to school. When she parked in the lot she sat there for a minute thinking about how her life had changed in just a few days. She no longer thought of escape or resisting her mistress, her only thoughts were of obeying and satisfying her cravings for humiliation and cum. She grabbed the cup and brought the straw to her mouth. She sucked in a mouthful of cum and a warm feeling spread from her mouth and through her body. For the moment the craving was satisfied. 

 Sandy quickly got out of the car and walked to the school. Her coat was loosely tied at her waist but did little to cover her body. Her tits and cunt were both on display. As she entered the school and walked down the deserted hallway her cunt was now soaked and leaking down her legs. When she arrived at the locker room she opened the locker and removed her outfit and toiletries and placed her coat inside. She walked to the showers leaving everything by the sinks. 

 When she turned on the shower and started to clean her body, she started to feel almost normal. Sandy enjoyed the warm water cascading over her body and didn't want to leave the shower. However, she knew her time was limited before some of the boys showed up for morning practice. She turned off the shower and walked to the sink to finish getting ready. Again, there were no towels and she would have to air dry. She pulled her hair back and put it into a pony tail, grabbed her outfit and dried her face so she could put on her makeup. It was then she looked at what she was to wear today. It was a thin pullover white stretch top that looked at least a size too small. Her skirt was black spandex that was only about a foot long. With it being so tight and short she knew she would have trouble keeping her ass covered. 

 Just as she was finishing with her makeup and still standing naked and plugged in front of the mirror, in walked Thomas and Jason. The two football players she had run into the day before and who were at the glory hole last night. 

 "Well what have we here Jason?" Thomas said as he pushed his friend standing beside him. 

 "Looks like a cock-sucking cum-loving teacher naked in our locker room." Jason answered. 

 "Good morning teach. We didn't expect to see you here this morning. After last night's performance I thought you would call in sick today. But here you are naked and plugged waiting on us." 

 Sandy blushed and turned to look at the two young men. She didn't know what to say. She had no response. 

 "Turn around and let me see what you have in your ass slut." Thomas commanded. 

 Sandy slowly turned around and bent over slightly to show her plug. 

 "Damn look at that, the teacher has a plug in her ass. Only sluts go to work with their ass plugged." 

 Sandy stood still waiting for further instructions. Her mind was now out of control and her craving for humiliation was at an extreme level. 

 "OK slut, unless you want us to announce to the school how we found you, crawl over here and make good use of that mouth." Thomas demanded. 

 Sandy dropped to her knees and crawled on all fours to the large black studs. Just as she started to reach up and pull down their shorts, Thomas slapped her hands. "Slow down slut, I want you to beg to suck our cocks. And make sure you tell us exactly what you are." 

 Sandy looked up at the two black football players, her body flushed with excitement. "Please studs, let this lowly slut worship your beautiful cocks. Let this cum slut swallow your cocks down this whore's throat. Please let this slave drain your organ of your precious cum. I beg you. Please use this ho as you see fit." 

 Jason looked down at the disgraced teacher, begging to service his cock and smiled, "Sure slut put that mouth to work and drain my cock." 

 Sandy quickly reached up and pulled his shorts down to his ankles. She then leaned in, opened her mouth and started to lick his cock from the tip to the balls. Up and down the shaft she licked, until the massive organ glistened in the light. She then spread her lips and sucked the mushroom head into her warm mouth. Her craving was now out of control. The only thing that mattered was getting that fix of cum. With all the cocks she had serviced in the last few days, she soon had swallowed the entire unit down her throat. She held it there for a few seconds, letting her throat contract around the head while her tongue was massaging the underside of the shaft. 

 Jason moaned, as Sandy's magic mouth worked over his cock. Although he wanted to last longer, the slut's expertise at sucking cocks quickly had him on the edge of a climax. In spite of everything he could do to prolong it, he erupted in her mouth, spewing shot after shot of his man juice into the slut. 

 In spite of all her efforts to swallow all of his cum, it still leaked out the corners of her mouth and down her chin. 

 Jason was weak in the knees as he had never experience a blow job like this before. He quickly pulled his cock from her mouth and wiped it off on her face. "That will do slut. We'll have to do this again tomorrow morning." 

 Sandy wasn't listening; she had turned to Thomas and had pulled his shorts down freeing his large member. She quickly licked the head and started to swallow it down her throat. The first cock didn't satisfy her craving, she needed more. Thomas looked down at the slut and grabbed her hair with his hands. He wanted to control the slut. He pulled her hard till her nose hit his stomach and held her there. 

 Sandy now had this massive cock deep in her throat, cutting off all breathing. She tried to pull back but Thomas held her tight as her throat contracted around his cock. Sandy started to panic as her brain was now starving for oxygen. Just as her vision started to go he pulled her back and she gasped for air as the large head was now in her mouth. He then started to savagely fuck her face not caring if she could breathe or not. All that mattered was blasting his cum in and on the slut teacher kneeling at his feet. 

 Sandy was now gasping for air when she could and just let the large black man have his way with her mouth. Just as she was about to pass out Thomas let out a massive groan and his cock exploded in her mouth. Sandy was not expecting the blast as her brain was now just barely functioning. His cock was sending wave after wave of cum in her mouth. Sandy's mouth couldn't contain the volume as cum flowed down her chin and on to her tits. 

 Thomas finally stopped spewing his seed on the degraded teacher and pulled his cock from her mouth. He grabbed her pony tail and wiped his cock clean. Sandy slowly regained her senses and looked up at the two young men. 

 "OK teach, we will see you here each morning to drain our cocks." Thomas commented as he pulled his shorts up and turned to walk out the door. Jason smiled and followed his friend. 

 Sandy stood up and looked at her body. There was no time to take another shower as there would soon be many students showing up for practice. She quickly took her fingers and scooped up as much cum as she could off her face and pulled her top over her head. The thin white top soaked up the liquid seed on her tits and immediately turned transparent. She quickly pulled the spandex skirt on and tried to adjust it to cover as much as possible. In order to cover her ass she had to pull it down well past her belly button. The top was so tight and small that it didn't even come close to covering her stomach. It might as well have been a crop top. With cum covering her tits the top was now see through and glued in place. Sandy's nipples prominently displayed for anyone to see. She looked in the mirror, her face was glazed with cum and she looked like a slut. She slipped on the five inch heels, grabbed her purse, cum cup, and walked out the door. 

 Dawn arrived at the school wearing only the coat. She had followed her mistress instructions when she got up as well as the additional instructions to bring a couple of toys for Miss Julie. As she walked barefoot through the halls to Miss Julie's office her slave bracelets on her wrists and ankles were plainly evident. Her coat although tied at the waist still opened enough that her cunt and tat was exposed with every step. Dawn was now in school mode and her embarrassment was causing her to blush down to her toes. "What if anyone would see her walking in the halls? How would I respond to any comments? Her slavery would be common knowledge and her career would be over." She thought. 

 As dawn arrived at Julie's door she knocked quietly waiting for a response. "Who's there," came a voice from inside. "It's Dawn Reynolds," Dawn answered. "Come in Slut," Came the reply. 

 Dawn opened the door and gasped as Miss Julie was sitting at her desk naked. Her legs spread wide with her feet on each corner of the desk. Dawn looked at the naked woman as her eyes trailed down to her wide open cunt. What surprised her was how red and swollen it was. She wondered if her mistress had done this to her. 

 "OK slut, drop the coat. You are to go to the locker room naked to shower and dress. But first get down on your knees and crawl over here and eat my pussy. Make me cum slut." 

 Dawn slipped off her coat and dropped to her knees. 

 "Wait slut. What is that above your cunt?" 

 "It is my tattoo marking me as a slut. I have one on my back announcing me as a slave also," Dawn said with a bowed head. 

 Julie gasped. "Oh my god will they do that to me?" She thought to herself. "What have I gotten myself into?" 

 "Continue slut, I don't have all day. Finish your tasks." 

 "Miss Julie, I have a message from my mistress for you," Dawn said and handed a bag to Julie. 

 Julie grabbed the bag as Dawn crawled between her legs and started to lick her very sore labia. 

 Julie grimaced as the sluts tongue raked across her lips, but she kept her legs spread as she opened the bag. Inside were a note and a set of ben-wa balls as well as an anal plug. Julie opened the note and read the instructions. 

 Slut Julie 

 Take these toys and insert them in the proper holes. Make sure you turn on the anal plug to position 4. During each period you are to walk the halls. You are not to sit or stop walking till you get back to your office. These walks must last at least 15 minutes and take you to a different area of the school. YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO COME. At lunch you are to strip and remain naked during your entire lunch period. I will be checking on you during the day. Make sure when you see me you show me your new toys regardless of where we are. 

 Mistress A 

 Julie gasped as the fear of getting caught was now very real. She looked down at the slave teacher licking away on her cunt and moaned. The slut was very good at what she was doing and her body was building towards a climax in spite of the pain. Julie closed her eyes and embraced the oncoming orgasm. Her world centered on her dripping pussy. Moments later she exploded on the sluts face, covering it with her cum. 

 Dawn sat for a minute to see if there was anything else but Julie nodded towards the door and she stood up and cautiously peeked out into the hallway to see if anyone was around. Seeing no one she slipped out the door naked to head to the locker room to get ready for the day. Dawn had never been as scared as she was walking to the girl's locker room. Not only was she naked, but all her slave chains and tats were completely visible. As she continued her journey Dawn's excitement level was through the roof. Her legs were now coated with her pussy juice as her cunt was dripping. Her humiliation was driving her arousal to new levels. Coming into the school she dreaded what her mistress would have her wear in front of the class. But now she was excited about it. Her School training was being replaced by her slave training. Deep down she wanted to announce to the world that she was a slave, and a slave to a student at that. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 08 ****** bysadkins116© Sandy arrived at Miss Julie's office and knocked. "Who is it?" Was Julie's reply. 

 "It's slave Sandy Hauser." 

 "Come in slut." 

 Sandy opened the door and looked at the naked woman sitting at her desk. "What is all over your face slut?" Julie asked. 

 "It's cum, I was caught in the locker room by two members of the football team and had to suck them off to keep them from telling anyone," She answered. 

 Julie stood up and walked around the desk. "Drop to your knees slave and lick my ass till I tell you to stop." 

 Sandy quickly complied, reaching up, spreading the cheeks of her ass as she leaned forward and placed her mouth over the rosebud. Julie moaned as she was still coming down from the orgasm Dawn had just given her. The slave's tongue was rimming her sphincter and slowly probing deeper into her anal passage. Julie had never experience anything like this before. The idea of having another person to worship her ass dispelled any qualms she had and replaced it with arousal. She looked at the time and hoped that she would cum before the five minutes were up. This might be the last time she would be able to climax until her mistress gave her permission. As her arousal levels were peaking the alarm went off on her watch signaling the time was up. Julie reached back and pushed the slave away. 

 "Stand up slut and lean against the desk and spread your legs." 

 Sandy stood and did as told, wondering what was in store for her. 

 Sandy's face said it all as Julie dropped to her knees and shoved the slaves skirt up above her groin and buried her face in her cunt. Sandy moaned as the new slut's tongue concentrated on her aroused bud. Julie wasn't looking to drag this out any longer than necessary. It was getting close to the start of school and she needed to get dressed. The faster she got the slave off the sooner she could get dressed. 

 Julie pushed her tongue against the bud and ground it against her pelvis. She heard Sandy gasp and push her cunt out and knew she was close. She then sucked the erect bud in her mouth and bit down. Sandy body trembled and there was a moan from deep within as her cunt exploded spraying Julie's face again and again with massive amounts of liquid. Julie taken completely by surprise was not prepared for the amount of cum the slave was producing. It covered her face and upper body and kept coming. Julie in order to contain the flow planted her mouth over the opening and swallowed as fast as she could. However the damage was done. Julie's face, hair and upper body were soaking wet with Sandy's juices. Julie was not allowed to clean up and if she put on her top now it would soak through. Julie now had to wait till she dried to put her clothes on. Julie slumped to the floor. Her son would be arriving soon, and he always stopped by before school to say hi. 

 "Get out of here slut," Julie shouted. She just wanted to figure out what to do before he arrived. 

 Sandy pulled down her skirt and opened the door. There were several people in the main hall but none by the door. She quickly closed the door and walked to her room. 

 Sandy arrived at her room a couple of minutes later and quickly stripped down and knelt by the door. She didn't think twice about being naked in her room any longer. At least it wasn't in the hall although the thought of being naked in the hall was very arousing. 

 Anita showed up a couple of minutes later. She smiled at the naked slave kneeling in her room. "OK slave, today I'm going to be easy on you. Today you are again to walk around the room with the balls in place. You are also to sit on your desk for at least half the period. You are not allowed to pull you skirt down during class. You can only pull it down between classes. You might want to pull it down as far as possible when you can otherwise I think your ass and cunt will be on display. Oh, you are not allowed to cross your legs either." 

 Sandy groaned. She knew her cravings would skyrocket as the balls and exposure would increase her desire to cum which would only humiliate her further. 

 "There are only a couple of other things to remember. Do Not Come, period. Your free period drill is the same as yesterday, only today instead of kneeling on the floor blindfolded, cuffed, sucking off the cocks. Lie on your desk, pull the plug out of your ass and suck on it. Today is ass fuck day. Today we share your ass." 

 "By the way, the cup of cum must stay in plain sight on your desk. You must take a drink of cum in front of each class at least twice. Make sure your entire class sees you drinking your special drink. I will see you later. Tonight when you get home from the glory hole I'll have another surprise for you." 

 Anita turned and walked out the door leaving it wide open. Sandy quickly scrambled up and closed it before someone looked in. Sandy slumped to the floor and cried. She was again covered in cum, and would be dressed like a slut in front of her classes. Let alone what was in store for her later today. She slowly gathered her emotions, stood and walked to her clothes. She had to get a grip as school was starting in a matter of minutes. 

 Dawn hurried down the hall to the locker room. So far she had not seen anyone. She slipped in the door and listened to see if she could hear anyone. When all was silent she walked through the room making sure no one was there. When she confirmed that she was alone, she walked to her locker and opened it. Inside she found a thin white skirt that seemed strangely large. And a matching white top that buttoned up the front. However instead of nine small buttons there were only four. The top three had been removed as well as the bottom two. That meant that half her tits were on display as well as her belly button. Along with her outfit was a pair of white six inch stiletto heels with straps around the ankles. The noticeable thing was that the straps around the ankles had locks. Once she put the shoes on they were locked on her feet. Dawn grabbed her cosmetic bag and headed for the showers. She quickly turned on the water and started to clean her body. The warm water felt wonderful and relaxed her mind and body. For a moment she almost felt normal. But then reality returned and she finished washing and turned off the water. Dawn walked to the sinks and used the skirt to dry her face. In just a few minutes she finished her makeup and styled her hair. It wasn't perfect but it would have to do. 

 She returned to the locker and started to dress. When she pulled the top over her head she noticed that it did little to hide the nipple rings or the chains leading down to her pussy. The waist chain was visible as the top didn't quite reach her waist. When she stepped into the skirt she found it was quite large. So large in fact it wouldn't stay up above her waist. As she sat down to put on her shoes the skirt dropped down well below her waist and exposed her waist chain and nipple chains in front and the tat on her back. No matter how hard she tried the skirt dropped down to her hips and exposed a full six inches between her top and skirt. Dawn gasped as she knew she would be exposing her slavery to the entire school. 

 Dawn composed herself and left the locker room and headed for the safety of her classroom. At least there, only the kids assigned to her would be able to notice her slave chains. As she walked down the hall she passed a couple of the football players standing in the hall. Both watched the slut teacher walking up to them. Her skirt was now almost down past her hips. Both boys stared intently as she passed and noticed the slave tat on her back. 

 "Hey slave, turn around," One of the boys called out. Dawn instinctively turned around without realizing they had no power over her. When she realized her mistake they both walked up to her and backed her into the wall. 

 "I like your tat slave. Do you have any more?" The large black student asked. 

 Dawn intimidated by their size simply retreated to her slave mode simply nodded. 

 "Show me slave," He commanded. 

 Dawn now felt trapped. Her slave tat on her back told anyone what she was. The chains on her body only confirmed that fact. And now she was about to show the students that she was also a slut. 

 She shook her head no but the large black young man would not accept her refusal. "Show me your tats slave, NOW!" He demanded. 

 Dawn's body was now on autopilot and her hand went to the waistband on her skirt. She pushed it down till the slut tat was fully exposed. So much so, that the top of her cunt was now visible to the two young men. 

 Both of the young mens' mouths dropped as the prettiest teacher in school was flashing her cunt to them. 

 "Slut and slave teacher, nice tats. While you are at it show us your tits." 

 Dawn's eyes were as big as saucers. Her skirt was barely hanging on her ass and now her hands were slowly pulling her top up to display her tits. Dawn was no longer in control of anything. 

 Suddenly Susanna walked up and smacked the boys upside their heads. "What do you think you are doing? Get out of here before I make your life not worth living." 

 Both young men knew who Susanna was and didn't want any part of her, quickly turned tail and trotted down the hall. 

 Dawn looked up at her mistress and cried, "This slave is sorry mistress I didn't know what to do. Please don't punish me. This slut promises to be good." 

 

 Susanna simply grabbed the slaves arm and led her to her room. "Strip slut, I want you naked now." 

 The slut teacher quickly discarded her clothes and knelt before her mistress. 

 "Today I am going to take it easy on you. You are to keep your plug and egg inside your cavities and teach your classes as normal. You will walk around the room at least twice for each class. You are only allowed to pull your skirt up twice a period. Do Not Cum. I will see you at lunch. Dawn simply nodded and waited for permission to get dressed. 

 "Oh and by the way, you are to also sit on your desk during each class. No crossing your legs and don't sit on our skirt. Flip it up and sit your bare ass on the desk." 

 "Yes Mistress this slut will do as instructed." 

 "Get dressed slave, class starts in five minutes. Susanna then walked out the door leaving it wide open. Dawn crawled to the door and closed it. She then stood and walked to her clothes and put them on just as the bell rang for the first period. 

 The rest of the day passed without incident. Each of the slaves completed their tasks as instructed. Julie was totally consumed with arousal. The ben-wa balls kept her on the edge but she couldn't climax without touching her cunt, which was too sore to touch. Dawn exposed all her chains and her tat on her back to each of her classes as it was impossible to keep her skirt above her waist. By the end of the day she no longer tried but accepted that everyone now knew she was at least kinky and at most a slave. 

 Sandy at first tried to keep her skirt down below her ass. But as the day went on her mind gave in to the craving and gave up trying. By the time she finished drinking the last of the cum she was so aroused she welcomed her free period fuck fest. After receiving four loads of cum in her ass she no longer cared. There were now hardly any more barriers to come down. Sandy was embracing her slut-dom. At the end of the day when Sandy changed to her coat and left for the glory hole she was actually smiling. She couldn't wait to refill her cup. 

 Susanna took Dawn and Julie to Dawn's apartment. She wanted to hook Julie up to the mind bender controller. She knew she couldn't completely program her but she could at least break her down a little. 

 Susanna arrived at Dawn's apartment with the two slaves in tow. Both were only wearing identical coats. Both exposed their body with each step. Dawn, now away from school was in slave mode. She no longer cared if anyone witnessed her servitude. She only worried about one thing, obeying her mistress. The tattoos on her body were now badges of honor. 

 Julie, on the other hand was mortified, walking around almost naked. Her pussy was on display as she walked from the car to the door. What was worse was the collar and leash she was now wearing. It might not have been so bad if the leash was just dangling down in front of her, but she was being led by her mistress. 

 Julie's day at school was difficult. The toys kept her arousal at such a level, all she could think of was how to get herself off. When Susanna arrived with Miss Reynolds at her office after school she was both scared and relieved. Scared because of what she might do to her, relieved because she might be allowed to come. Then Susanna ordered her to strip, gave her the coat and leash and ordered her to put them on. She had balked when Susanna grabbed the leash and started to lead the two slaves out into the hallway. When Susanna smacked her and told her she could walk or crawl. Either way she was going with her, Julie caved. 

 Julie now was in over her head; at first it was erotic and exciting, dominating the two slut teachers, but now she was fast becoming one of them. With all the videos the twins had of her naked at school, masturbating at her desk and have kinky lesbian sex with Sandy and Dawn, she had no choice but to obey. Now she was in effect being led naked to Dawn's apartment by a student. If anyone should see her, and recognize her, her life would be over. 

 Susanna opened the door and walked into the living room. Dawn immediately stripped and knelt by the door. Julie, not knowing what to do just stood by the door waiting for instructions. 

 "Get that coat off slut! You are to remain naked in this apartment at all times," Susanna commanded. 

 Julie jumped at the command and quickly dropped the coat on the floor and dropped to her knees beside Dawn. Susanna pointed at Dawn and said, "Slut go to the bedroom and get it ready for training." 

 Dawn quickly crawled to the bedroom and started to prepare the "Mind Bender." She remembered how it was to be subjected to its power. She could hardly remember what her life was like before her training. She hoped that it wasn't for her but Julie. 

 Ten minutes later Dawn crawled out of the room and said, "its ready mistress." 

 "Good, come in here slut." Susanna said looking down at Julie. 

 Julie sat there for a moment; she wasn't sure what to do. The word training scared her. "Please mistress, I'll be good, you don't need to train me. I'll obey everything you say mistress." 

 "That's right slut, you will obey me, and you will be a great slut slave. Now get into the bedroom and lie on the bed, NOW." 

 Julie slowly crawled into the room and onto the bed, her body trembling at not knowing what to expect. She was followed by Susanna and Dawn crawling after her. "Slut, tie her hands to the headboard, I'll do the feet." 

 Julie's eyes were big as saucers and tears were running down her cheek. Her arms and legs were shaking as they restrained her spread eagle to the bed. "Please mistress, don't do this." 

 "Slut, put the gag on her and shut her up!" 

 Dawn quickly grabbed the ball gag and shoved it into Julie's mouth. Then without being told, she slipped the blindfold over her eyes. Julie was now blind, gagged, and tied to the bed. She was shaking her head to try to get the blindfold off, so Susanna grabbed a rope and tied it around her head. She then took the ends and secured them to the bed-frame. Julie could no longer move her head. It was then that the headset was placed over her ears. She could no longer move, speak, see or hear. Julie was now totally helpless. 

 "OK, slut, out of the room while I finish setting up our new toy. Wait for me by the door, I will be out shortly. Dawn crawled out the door and shut it behind her. 

 Susanna then set about connecting the clips as she had to Dawn, to Julie's nipples and labia. Securing the vibrator embedded deep in her cunt. But this time she added a small vibrator to her clit. Everything would be controlled by the control box on the bed stand. She then spoke into the microphone, "Its training time slut. I will be back later to check on you." She then started the program. It was going to be a long few hours for Julie. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 09 ****** bysadkins116© I want to thank you for all the comments on this story. They have all helped, even the negative ones. I am working towards the end and will have probably only one more chapter. Thanks again for all the help I get from the volunteer editors. Please remember that this is fantasy, if you don't like it move on, if you do like it vote. All comments are welcome; it brightens my day when I see someone has taken the time to tell me what they think. 

 Julie lay in bed, she was tied spread eagle and naked. She was gagged, blindfolded and had a headset covering her ears. Her mistress had placed clips on her nipples and labia. She had also inserted something in her pussy. Now the headset started to play some music. But Julie heard something in the background. She strained to hear what it was. As she listened intently she realized it was a voice. It was telling her things. 

 "You are a slut. You must obey your mistress. You love to eat cum. You love to expose your body." 

 Over and over the voice repeated the same thing. Julie quickly tuned out the voice. "There was no way this was going to work on her," she thought. But now the vibrator started to buzz, then something started buzzing on her clit. As the vibrations increased, so did her arousal. Higher and higher she went till just as she was about to climax it stopped. Julie groaned as the buzzing stopped but her arousal didn't. What didn't stop was the voice. It was constant, continuous, never ending, and always the same message. Then she noticed her nipples and labia were getting warm and tingling. At first it was just noticeable but it was building, warmer and warmer, and the tingling was intensifying. It was now painful and getting worse. Her nipples and cunt were on fire, and it felt like she was being shocked, almost like she was being electrocuted. She tried to move away but she was tied too tight to escape the pain. Just as she thought she might pass out it stopped. But the voice continued, never stopping its messages. 

 Julie's body was trying to relax after the painful experience when the vibrators started again. "OOOOOHHH," came the moan out of her throat. Her arousal returned quickly as the process started again. Julie's body was not given a break. The voice, the pain, the vibrations, over and over again, nonstop, Julie was no longer able to ignore the voice. It penetrated deep into her mind. As her body succumbed to the torture her mind was surrendering to the voice. 

 The mind bender was designed to bring anyone connected to it to the brink of orgasm but never let them achieve release. Then bring on pain till the body was consumed by it but never lose consciousness. The voice commands were designed to penetrate the mind, deeper and deeper as the body's defenses were worn down by the pleasure and pain cycles. 

 Julie had lost all sense of time. Her body was exhausted as the cycles continued, never ending, never a break. Now the voice's message had changed. It still repeated the messages it started with, but now there were more messages. 

 "You desire your son. You want to fuck him. You want to be his slut. You love to expose your body to him. You want his cum, you are addicted to cum, you cannot come without permission, and humiliation excites you." 

 Julie was now thinking about her son fucking her as the vibrations pushed her arousal to even greater heights. As her body was about to orgasm the pain started. Her brain was watching her son walk away from her and the subject of her desires was fading the pain increased. On and on it went cycle after cycle, pleasure, pain, pleasure, pain, pain, pain, pleasure never-ending. It was a total assault on her mind and body penetrating her very soul. 

 By the third hour Julie was no longer resisting. Her body had surrendered as well as her mind. The voice was now placing its message deep within her brain, implanting each statement as gospel. 

 The message had now changed again. 

 "You are a slave to your lust. You desire to serve. Your body craves cocks. You crave cum in and on your body. You will obey your mistress. You will not refuse your son. You will submit to his every desire. You crave humiliation, cum satisfies your cravings." 

 By the time the fourth hour was finished, Julie's mind was filled with the commands implanted by the voice. Her resistance was shattered. She would do whatever she was told. 

 Susanna, after connecting Julie to the mind bender, left the room and went out to the living room. She looked at her slave and said, "Get your coat. We are going out for a while." She led Dawn out to her car and drove to her house. She wanted to visit her mom and give her an update. 

 When they arrived she stripped her slave and sent her to her dad to use while visiting with her mom. Three hours later, her dad carried the worn out slut up to the family room. She was covered in cum and her body was covered with stripes where he had whipped her body. Dawn was barely conscious and could hardly walk. 

 Susanna drove back to the apartment anxious to see how the programming worked. Dawn was in the back seat oblivious the world. Susanna looked in the mirror thinking, "I'm not sure she's gonna make it to school tomorrow. I'll guess I'll find out tomorrow." 

 When they arrived at Dawn's apartment Susanna noticed the smell of sex in the air. She had Dawn lie on the couch while she went into the bedroom. It was over four hours since they had left. Julie was moaning and thrusting her cunt into the air. She was trying to pursue that climax that was just out of reach. Her body was covered in sweat and the sheets were soaked. Between her legs was a large wet area and the room reeked of pussy. 

 Susanna turned off the control and removed the blindfold. Julie blinked her eyes as they adjusted to the light. Julie wasn't sure where she was. But one thing was for certain, she had to come. Her body was so sexually charged she would fuck anything to come. 

 "Mistress, Oh God please let me come! I NEED TO COME. PLEEAASE LET ME COME!!" 

 "Settle down slut, let me release you first." 

 Susanna then set about removing the clips. When she released the clips on her labia the vibrator shot out of her cunt. 

 "Oh no. Please put it back and turn it on. Please mistress." 

 Susanna had never seen someone so horny before. Julie was panting and humping the air trying to find some kind of release. 

 As soon as Susanna released her arms and legs, Julie quickly grabbed the vibrator, turned it on high and shoved it deep inside her pussy. Susanna watched as Julie rapidly fucked her cunt trying to release all that sexual energy that was build up over the last few hours. 

 It took only a minute before her body went ridged and a moan escaped from her mouth as the orgasm exploded throughout her body. Julie's eyes rolled back into her head and she collapsed back in bed, her entire body convulsing in pleasure. It continued for several minutes and each time it seemed to lessen, she would start fucking her cunt again and another orgasm would explode out from her cunt. 

 Susanna waited till her new slave collapsed in exhaustion and fell asleep. She walked into the kitchen and fixed herself a drink of water. She turned on the TV and decided to wait for a while before she woke her and took her home. 

 Susanna waited for about a half hour before she woke up Julie. Julie looked up at her mistress with half opened eyes as her hand slid down to her cunt. She started to stroke her clit, when Susanna spoke. 

 "Stop that slave, you are not allowed to come. Move that hand away from your slutty cunt." 

 Julie's eyes opened wide as her hand quickly moved away from her clit. "What have you done to me? I am so horny, I need to come." 

 "I just opened you mind up a little. You are a natural slut. This training session just brought this out. I also implanted a few thoughts in there while I was at it. You might find it hard to resist your son from now on." 

 "Oh my God," Julie remembered the voice and what it said. Just the mention of her son made her arousal skyrocket. 

 "Need some relief, slut? Do you want some cum?" Susanna said while grabbing her nipples and rolling them between her fingers. 

 "OOOHHH GOD YES, I NEED CUM. Please mistress please I need relief, I can't stand this." 

 "Well slave, there is a slut lying on the couch, covered in cum, waiting for you to clean her off. Make sure you lick her ass as I'm sure it's filled with the precious liquid you desire." 

 Julie quickly rolled off the bed and crawled to the living room. Seeing Dawn lying on the couch, naked and covered in cum was like a dream come true. Julie crawled to the comatose slave and spread her legs. Looking down at Dawn's bare lips just inches in front of her face sent her arousal to an uncontrollable level. As she lowered her head she noticed it leaking cum down to the plug sticking out of her ass. Julie's mouth was watering as she extended her tongue and lapped up the nectar leaking from the slave. As soon as it hit her tongue a warm feeling spread throughout her body. Julie plunged her tongue deep into the depths on Dawn's channel sucking the precious liquid out and down her throat. The more she swallowed the more her body craved it. It was no different than a junkie shooting a fix. Julie continued to lick and suck till there was nothing left. She then went to work on the dried cum covering her body, eventually working her way to the sluts plugged ass. 

 Julie pulled the plug and quickly pushed it into her mouth; cleaning off anything deposited on it. As soon as it was clean she dropped her head and inserted her tongue into the dilated sphincter as far as she could, drinking the tasty cum oozing out from deep within the sluts ass. When she could no longer taste the liquid of her desires, she inserted her fingers up her rear passageway in search of more. As she probed deeper into Dawn's ass, Julie used first two, then three, then four fingers working to get deeper inside the sluts bowels. 

 Julie would not be stopped. When at last she needed to go further, she folded her thumb and shoved her hand deep inside Dawn's body. 

 Dawn's was only semi-conscious when Julie started to lick her pussy. After Susanna's father, the soft tongue felt wonderful. Her body was reacting to the constant attention and was working up to an orgasm when Julie moved to her ass. When she pulled the plug and started to fuck her ass with first her tongue and then her fingers, Dawn was inches from a massive climax, when her eyes flew open as Julie shoved her entire hand inside her body. As she pushed it deeper Dawn's breath caught and her entire body was centered on the hand in her ass. As Julie moved her fingers and twisted her wrist, Dawn exploded with a massive orgasm. With her legs pushed up to her chest and her ass filled with Julie's hand, Dawn's cunt was pointed straight up at Julie's face. When the orgasm exploded, her cunt squirted cum and bodily fluids directly at Julie. 

 Julie felt Dawn's ass clamp down on her wrist and watched as the slut lying in front of her climax. When her juices hit her face she quickly covered her cunt with her mouth and drank in the only thing that would satisfy her craving. As spurt after spurt shot down her throat, Julie's arousal and craving diminished. By the time that Dawn's body was spent, Julie's body was glowing as if she had just had an orgasm. 

 Both of the women collapsed and lie there unable or unwilling to move, simply relishing the feeling of satisfaction coursing through their bodies. 

 Susanna watched in amazement as Julie almost attacked the semi-conscious slut teacher and ended up fisting her to get her fix of cum. Now the two slaves we lying on the couch, Dawn again almost out of it, and Julie with her hand still in her ass and mouth still attached to Dawn's pussy quietly moaning. Susanna went to the table and wrote out Dawn's instruction for the next morning. She then turned, walked back to the couch to rouse her new slave. 

 "OK slut, it's time to go home. Get your shit together and get up. Julie looked up at her mistress and slowly pulled her hand out the Dawn's ass. When her hand was finally clear, she brought it up to her mouth to clean any cum that was clinging to her hand. Julie couldn't believe she was doing such a disgusting thing, but the training she just experienced simply wouldn't allow her to stop. 

 

 When she finished cleaning her hand, she stood and walked to the door, picked up her coat and followed her mistress to her car. She held the coat closed but really wasn't bothered with exposing her body any longer. 

 As they drove to Julie's house, Susanna looked at her slave sitting beside her in the front seat, staring out the window. 

 "When you get home slut, remove your coat by the door. Go up to your room naked. Take a shower and go to bed. Tomorrow you know the rules on what you are allowed to wear, however don't get dressed till you get to your office. Make sure you insert your toys before you leave. When you get to your office you can dress. Remember you cannot refuse your son. If he wants you naked and kneeling at his feet sucking his cock you must do it. So you might want to avoid him for the next couple of days." 

 Julie gasped at the directions she was given. Being naked as soon as she walked into her house was asking to get caught by her son. If he caught her she would not be able to resist him. Just thinking about being in the same house had started her motor running. If she actually saw him she didn't know what she would do. 

 "Make sure you arrive at school by six am. I wouldn't want anyone to see you naked walking the halls. I will let you know what you are expected to do when I see you. Do as you are told and it just might be an easy day for you." 

 Susanna pulled into Julie's driveway and said, "OK slut, get out and do as you are told." 

 Julie looked at her house and was relieved to see almost all the lights off. Hopefully Alex was already in bed. She quickly got out of the car and ran to her front door. She slipped in the key trying to be as quiet as possible and slipped inside. Once inside she slipped off her coat and hung it by the door. Standing naked in the front hall she listened intently to see if she could hear her son. Hearing nothing she tiptoed up the stairs and walked into her room. Breathing a sigh of relief she leaned on the door, although she was scared out of her mind, her body was aroused beyond belief. If anything touched her cunt she would explode. Julie walked to the bathroom to take her shower and get ready for bed. 

 Sandy arrived at the adult emporium about 20 minutes after leaving school. All during the drive there all she could think of was getting her fix of cum. It had been almost 3 hours since her last taste and her body and mind needed a fix. After yesterday she knew there would be many men ready to satisfy her needs. 

 Sandy no longer cared if anyone saw her body, as she walked to the door she thought about the chains decorating Dawn's body. "I wonder when my mistress will decorate my body," she thought. When Sandy opened the door she was no longer looking at the floor. She walked confidently to the counter and handed her coat to the cashier. "Do you have my cup and vibrator?" She asked. 

 "Sure do slut, but today you won't be going to the room to suck the cocks. You are to walk to the open area just inside the door in the back. There is a plastic tray for you to kneel. You are going to be exposed to everyone who uses your mouth. You are to allow everyone to control how you suck their cocks. You are to fill as many cups as you can, but remember, only cum in your mouth can go in the cup. You can't leave till everyone has finished with you. Oh and by the way, there will be no vibrator today, if you need to fuck something, fuck one of the cocks." 

 Sandy gasped, the room and hole offered her some measure of privacy and allowed her to control how deep and how fast they fucked her face. Now being completely exposed she would have no control and easily recognized by anyone who knows her. Sandy grabbed the cups and walked, naked to the back room. Looking around the shop, there must be at least fifty men waiting for her to arrive. It was going to be a long night. 

 Sandy arrived in the back room. It was dimly lit. Sitting in the middle of the room was a three foot diameter plastic tray. Sandy walked to it and knelt down on it. No sooner than her knees touched the tray a line formed in front of her. She looked up at the first in line and almost gagged. He was disgusting; it looked and smelled like he hadn't bathed it a few days. He appeared to be about 50 years old and wasn't very tall. He had a large pot belly that hung down over his crotch. She wondered if she would even be able to find his cock. As she moved her head into position, she had to turn it sideways in order to get around the massive stomach. No sooner than when she found his cock and started to swallow it when she felt someone behind her. Knowing she had on choice in the matter she shoved the nasty cock down her throat and wiggled her ass for the man behind her. 

 Sandy was in full slut mode. Her head was buried under a large stomach, sucking a disgusting cock while being fucked from behind by a person unknown and she loved it. Sandy's mind was in a zone, the humiliation of being used, craving cum, and having no control had sent it to nirvana. At this moment there was no other place in the world she would rather be. 

 No sooner than the two men fucking Sandy had achieved a rhythm than the cock in her mouth exploded sending stream after stream into her mouth. Sandy worked to capture all the precious fluid in her mouth, but there was too much. Soon it was leaking down her chin and dripping on the tray. She turned her head and spit all she could towards a cup sitting on the floor beside her. 

 The disgusting fat man backed off and pulled his pants up. "Nice job Teacher." He said as her turned and walked away. 

 Sandy gasped as she heard his comment, the very first cock to enter her body and they knew she was a teacher. As Sandy's mind latched onto that comment; it sent her arousal into the stratosphere. As soon as the next cock stepped up to her mouth, Sandy opened her mouth and sucked it down her throat. As soon as her nose hit his pubes the cock buried in her cunt spewed deep inside her. Sandy moaned deeply and climaxed, her body shook and her throat pulsed as her waves of pleasure flowed from her mind to her toes. 

 Sandy was no longer aware of anything around her. Her world had shrunk to the immediate area in front of her face, and the cock inside her cunt. Soon her strength started to fade; the only thing holding her up was the cocks inserted at each end. When one was removed her body would collapse to the floor. The next man would pick her up and insert his cock into the opening in front of him. 

 The men realized that in order to get their turn something would have to be done. Soon someone showed up with a small bench. Several men grabbed the slut, picked her up and lay her on her back on top of the bench. It was the perfect height. There was no longer a need to kneel to fuck the slut. Sandy's head was just over the edge giving a straight shot down her throat, and the bench ended right at her hips. All they had to do was lift her legs to give them easy access to either orifice. Sandy now had the use of her hands as there was now four lines around her. Although almost unconscious when the two men on each side grabbed her hands and placed them on their cocks, Sandy, by instinct started to stroke each of them, and was soon in a rhythm as all four men were now groaning with pleasure. 

 As the end of the first hour approached Sandy was no longer trying to fill her cup. She had no control as most of the men fucking her face, shoved their cocks down her throat to cum. Her body was now covered with ounces of cum, and both her ass and cunt was leaking copious amounts of fluids from many cocks. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 09 ****** bysadkins116© Sandy had no idea how long she was there. When all the men had finished she lay on the bench unable to move. Her cunt and ass were gaping and there was an enormous puddle beneath her ass on the tray. The manager walked to the back room and smiled at the comatose slut lying on the bench, her cup, just barely half full, sitting on the floor beside bench. He knew she was in no shape to drive home. He turned to a couple of men loitering in the shop, "Help me get this slut into a car and drive her home. One of you will have to follow in her car. I don't want it sitting in my parking lot all night." 

 The three of them picked up Sandy, carried her out to a car, and deposited her into the back seat. They didn't bother putting on her coat. They just tossed it on the floor beside her. 

 When they arrived at Sandy's apartment, she was just coming to, starting to realize where she was. The men helped her out of the car and walked her to her door. Sandy looked around hoping no one saw her being half carried, naked, covered in cum to her door. She was grateful it was dark and nobody was out. 

 When they entered the apartment, Anita jumped up and gasped. "WOW, is she OK? How many men were there?" 

 "Yeah she's fine. She's coming around now. I think she enjoyed every minute. I can't tell you how many times she had an orgasm. I'm guessing there were about sixty guys there. I was told to tell you this is the last time for a while. They don't want the cops coming around because of so many guys trying to get in." 

 "OK no problem; I have other plans for her the rest of the week anyways." Anita responded. 

 Julie woke the next morning at five am. She'd had a restless night's sleep. Her body wouldn't let her calm down. Every time she dozed off she dreamt of her son. Mostly she was on her knees with his cock deep in her throat. Several times she woke with her hand buried in her cunt. Unfortunately she could not climax. Her mind would not let her. All it did was to increase her arousal till finally she gave up at five am. Now she was sitting on the side of her bed so damn horny she thought about going into her son's room and jumping his bones. Instead she walked into the bathroom and took a cold shower. When she finished she fixed her face, grabbed her clothes for the day, and headed out to her car. 

 

 Two days ago, Julie would never even consider driving to school naked. Now here she was with toys in her ass and cunt, naked, trying not to be noticed on the way to school. When she arrived and parked in the lot, her car was the only one there. God she hoped that the door was unlocked. She didn't see Mr. Jacobs, the janitor's car anywhere around. Now she had to wait till he arrived and unlocked the school. Sitting in her car, her hand slipped down to her crotch. Without even thinking about it she started to stroke her clit. Her mind wandered back to her son. God she wanted to fuck him. She closed her eyes and drifted off into a fantasy, when the headlights from a car flashed in front of her. Julie panicked and dropped down on her seat. She peeked up over the dash and watched as Mr. Jacobs parked his car and walked to the door. 

 Julie was scared, she was almost caught. What scared her more was that it only increased her excitement. Knowing that she couldn't get herself off, the next thought that went through her mind was how to get some cum to satisfy her craving. 

 Julie waited for a few minutes to let Mr. Jacobs get away from the door. She then slipped out of her car, grabbed the bag with her clothes and dashed to the door. She was so excited her cunt was leaking down her legs. Julie had never felt so alive before in her life. Her entire body was tingling. As she entered the door, she listened closely to see if she could hear the janitor. Hearing nothing she padded down the hall towards her office. Just as she reached the main hall, she heard Mr. Jacobs just around the corner. There was no place to hide. She plastered her body against the wall and tried to calm her breathing. She watched as he walked past the hall where she stood against the wall, in plain sight. She was holding her breath as he continued down the hall and didn't even look her way. The rush that went through her body at almost being caught went straight to her cunt. Her arousal was now out of control. Julie had to come or at least eat some cum. 

 Julie waited in the hall for the janitor to get further away before she could move. When she finally looked towards her office, he was nowhere to be seen. Julie quickly took off and ran to her office and closed the door. She didn't even turn on the light. She didn't want anyone to know she was there. She quickly pulled out her skirt, blouse, and heels. As she started to dress, she realized that without panties, she couldn't sit down; otherwise she would soak her skirt. Julie quickly grabbed some tissues from her desk and dried her crotch and legs. "I hope Susanna or Anita shows up soon and let me come. I won't be able to last the day like this." She thought. 

 Dawn woke up on the couch. As she shook the cobwebs from her mind, she thought about what had happened last night. She remembered arriving at her apartment with Susanna and Julie. She thought about how they had attached Julie to the "Mind Bender" and left her there. "God I'm glad it wasn't me that she used that awful device on again." 

 As the evening started to come back to her she thought about when her mistress turned her over to her father. He took her down to his dungeon. Her body shivered as the time spent there came crashing back to her. 

 Juan Martinez pulled Dawn's leash as they entered his dungeon. The slave was visibly shaking not knowing what was in store for her. "Slut, raise your hands above your head." 

 Dawn not able to resist, did as commanded and raised her hands. Juan quickly attached her bracelets to some chains dangling from the ceiling. He then knelt down and did the same to her ankle bracelets to chains on the floor. The slave was now secure. He then walked to a panel beside the door and pushed a couple of switches. As he did so the chains started to pull her legs apart and her hands higher. Soon she was stretched till her legs were spread wide and her toes were barely touching to floor. The slave was now helpless and her entire body was available. He smiled and walked behind her. Without a word he pulled out a blindfold and covered her eyes. 

 Dawn felt a chill go up her spine as she was now blind and totally helpless. She listened intently trying to hear what might be coming her way. Suddenly she heard shuffling behind her and felt something pushing at her cunt. She tried to move away from it but to no avail, her bonds were too tight. The object was pushed harder and was just entering her cunt when smack, a hot flash coursed from her ass through her body. The pain was intense, Dawn screamed as a second blow landed just inches from the first. Dawn was struggling to move but there was no play in the chains. Then the object just inside her cunt started to vibrate, slowly at first, then with more intensity. The pain lessened and the pleasure increased as she felt her body respond to the vibrations. As the pleasure center of her brain started to build to the inevitable climax, smack, a blow across the breasts. 

 "AAAAAHHHHHH OOOHHH MMMYYY GGGOOODDD THAT HURTS, PLEASE STOP I'LL DO ANYTHING PLEASE, PLEASE, STOP," She cried. 

 Juan smiled as the slut slave struggled in front of him. The cane had left stripes across her ass and tits. "Shut up slave, I don't want to hear you!" He said. He then raised his arm and brought another blow across the helpless slave's tits. 

 Dawn screamed again as the pain was intense, but the vibrations were also increasing her arousal till she was having trouble telling them apart. 

 Juan walked over to the bench and grabbed a rubber ball gag. He pushed it into her mouth and strapped it around her head. He then grabbed a length of twine and started to wrap it around her body just below her tits. After two or three times around her body, he continued above Dawn's tender breasts. After each revolution the tits were pushed out farther and farther. He then started to wrap the twine between her breasts tightening it even more. When they were suitably bound, he started to wrap the twine around each tit. Soon they were dark red as the blood was trapped and they looked like they were about to explode. 

 Dawn was panting as the pain from the cane and the bound tits was intense, but the vibrations in her cunt was relentless and kept increasing her arousal to levels unknown to her. Just as she was cresting the mountain, Juan grabbed her nipple roughly and pulled it from her body. The pain increased even more and stopped the climax in its tracks. Just as the pain subsided somewhat and the arousal increased again, Juan release an alligator clamp on the extended nipple. Dawn's brain had trouble processing all that was happening to her body as she started to thrash about in spite of the chains holding her in place. This only shoved the vibrator deeper inside her body and increased its effects. 

 

 As her body stopped moving, Juan grabbed the other nipple and repeated the process. Dawn was now completely out of control. She had no control over any part of her body. Her bladder released its contents as piss ran down her legs. That was followed quickly by a massive orgasm. Her muscles contracted and her spine arched and her entire body went rigid. Even with the blindfold covering her eyes she saw flashes of lights and her mind went blank. Her cunt clamped down on the vibrator relishing in the vibrations flowing through her body, squirting her fluids down her legs. 

 Dawn was now only semi-conscious as Juan released her body from the chains. He carried her over to a table and secured her hands and legs, leaving her head just over the edge and her legs splayed wide. Her pussy and ass completely displayed. He then walked over and made a call to some friends. 

 Juan attached the chains from her tits to a cable coming down from the ceiling. As he pulled it tight the tension pulled on her nipples as well as her clit. Dawn moaned as her body responded to the stimulation. Soon her back was arched as the tension was increased till her tits were pulled upwards and her nipples painfully extended. Dawn could no longer move as any movement sent painful shocks through her body. Just as she was adjusting to the pain, Juan answered the door. In walked four men laughing and talking about the slut strung up on the table. For the next 2 hours the five men took turns fucking every orifice in Dawn's body. Dawn's mind and body had long ago escaped into a place safe from all of the stimulus and shut down. When the men had finished she was covered in cum and her entire body was covered in welts from multiple canings. Dawn no longer felt any arousal; she was a slave to serve. Her body was only a tool to be used for her master's pleasure. 

 Dawn shivered as she remembered how much pain she had endured. Her body still hurt, especially her ass. At first she thought it was her mistress' father or one of his friends that had reamed her ass, but as her mind cleared Julie came to mind. Then it hit her, Julie had woken her from the couch eating her cunt. After the men had used her body, beat her with the cane, and abused her, Julie's gentle tongue was a welcome relief. She enjoyed how she gently made love to her licking her entire body, ending up at her ass. As Julie started to insert her fingers deeper into her ass, Dawn's body responded becoming aroused and building to a climax. It was when she started to shove more and more fingers deeper and deeper that she realized that it wasn't just fingers any longer embedded in her back door but her entire hand. When Julie twisted her wrist dawn experienced a massive orgasm and squirted her juices on Julie's face. 

 As the memory flooded back Dawn in spite of the pain in her ass, smiled as the feeling of satisfaction coursed through her body. "I can't wait to see Julie again," She thought. 

 Dawn stood and slowly walked to the table to get her instructions for the day. "God I hurt, I hope my mistress takes is easy on me today." She mumbled. As she picked up the paper off the table and read, she breathed a sigh of relief. 

 Slut, 

 You pleased me yesterday, so today I took the liberty of calling you off today. Go to the refrigerator and get your breakfast. Eat, shower, and go to bed. I will contact you later to let you know what you are to do. 

 Mistress S. 

 Susan woke on Wednesday morning with Cindy's tongue buried deep inside her cunt. There is nothing better than waking to an orgasm from a live-in slut. It was going to be a great day. As she relished the feelings coursing through her body, her cell phone rang. Susan pushed Cindy away and grabbed the cell. 

 "Well done, slave, go shower and get ready for class. I will make use of you later," She told her as she answered the call. 

 "Hello." 

 "Miss Adams? This is Jason Marshall from Marshall, Marshall, and Turner, your lawyers." 

 "Oh hello Mr. Marshall, I didn't expect to hear from you so soon. Is there something wrong?" 

 "Miss Adams, I need you to come to our office as soon as possible. There are some developments with your request and we need to meet, NOW!" 

 Susan was taken aback at his demand, "What is it, can't we talk over the phone? 

 

 "Absolutely not, we need to meet in person; can you be here in an hour?" 

 "Yes, I can be there but you are scaring me, can't you give me a hint?" 

 "No Just get here as soon as you can," as he abruptly hung up the phone. 

 Susan started to panic, what if they had spoken to her parents and told them what she wanted them to do, even worse what if it affected her trust. Susan quickly ran to the shower to clean up before the meeting. 

 Susan walked into the law firm's reception area. The receptionist recognized Susan and quickly ushered her into a large conference room. "Would you care for something to drink, coffee?" 

 "No thank you, I'm good," Susan answered. Less than a minute later Jason Marshall walked into the room. He was the stereotypical old school lawyer, early sixties, gray hair, well dressed in a three piece navy blue suit. 

 "Good Morning Miss Adams. Thank you for coming on such short notice." He said. He continued without allowing her to respond. "I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. We checked into the Martinez family as you requested. What we found is deeply disturbing and the more we dug the worse it got. We finally checked with our sources at the FBI and we need to advise you to stay away from any contact with any member of the Martinez clan. What I say to you now cannot leave this room. Do you agree?" 

 Susan turned pale as she could not speak, she simply nodded. 

 "Good, the FBI is about to raid the Martinez's homes and business'. Apparently they are involved in human trafficking as well as illegal drug distribution. It stretches from here in Indiana, to Colorado, to Florida, to Mexico. There will be a raid on Friday at all locations in a joint operation with the Mexican government. I'm afraid your lady friends are going to be arrested with everyone associated with the Martinez family." 

 "Oh my God, is there anything we can do to save them?" Susan asked. 

 "I'm not sure if they can be spared. It seems the women have been seen having sex with students as well as other members of the staff at school. The FBI has been observing their operation for several months and they now have enough to arrest the entire bunch. What do you know about this?" 

 Susan gasped, "I really don't know much. My ex-teacher just started at this school a few days ago. I stopped by the school to visit and saw her leaving the school, barely dressed, and wearing a slave collar and leash. She left in her car and I haven't seen her since. Before I could leave the parking lot, I learned later that the Martinez' twin daughters walked out leading what I believe was another teacher, again almost naked, also wearing a leash and collar." 

 "Sandy Hauser was my favorite teacher and I couldn't imagine how she got herself in such a situation in just a couple of days. That is when I came to you to see if you could find anything out. I don't know who the other teacher was." 

 "Well, I'm not certain if there is anything we can do to help. They are not our clients. If they were, we would try to get them away from the situation before the bust. We could then arrange for them to surrender later and possibly work out some plea deal for their testimony. At least that way we could isolate their case from the primary investigation. But like I said, they are not our clients." 

 Susan took in all her lawyer had said. Her mind working quickly to figure a way to help Sandy Hauser, "OK, how about I hire you as their attorneys? Would you help them then?" 

 Jason Marshall thought for a moment, why is this young woman so interested in helping these two teachers? One of whom she doesn't know? There is something else going on here but that would have to wait. "OK Miss Adams, if you are willing to cover our expenses, we will represent the two women. We will need you to find out where they will be over the next couple of days and we will coordinate with our investigators on a way to steal them away from the family. Do you think you can do that?" 

 "I will do what I can. My roommate went to that school and is familiar with the family. Maybe she can help me find out what you need. I will call you later with what I find out. Thank you very much Mr. Marshall." 

 "You're very welcome Miss Adams. We will wait for your call. The sooner you get us the information the better. The more time we have to plan the better. If the FBI finds out we are about to do this we could be sanctioned. Even worse if we are discovered by the Martinez' and they find out about the bust we will all be in major trouble." 

 "I understand, I will contact you as soon as I can." 

 Susan stood and shook his hand and quickly walked out the door. She had to find Cindy and figure out where the women were going to be for the next couple of days. 

 Sandy woke at the sound of her alarm clock. She had no idea of where she was. As she looked around the room she realized she was in her own bed. She reached over and turned off the alarm. Her body was covered in a dry crust. Sandy knew it was cum from the night before. As she sat up on the side of the bed, her ass and cunt were very sore. What she noticed was there was no plug in her ass. It was the first time is several days that her ass was not filled with something. 

 Sandy stood and walked to the kitchen to retrieve her daily instructions. She wondered what her mistress had in store for her today. After yesterday; she figured that she would be fucking the football team or something. 

 When she got to the table, she picked up the note listing what she was to do. 

 Cum slut, 

 Today is going to be a special day. I have called you off, so no school. I want you to go take a shower and use the bathroom. Fix your hair and put on makeup. I want you to look your best. When you have finished return to the kitchen and eat your breakfast. I have a special surprise for your meal. When you are done clean you face and kneel by the door. I will be there around Nine am. 

 Mistress Anita 

 Sandy breathed a sigh of relief at the note. She wasn't sure if she could survive another day at school. Somewhere deep inside she realized that she would not be working as a teacher much longer. Her life was now a slave to a teenage mistress. 

 Sandy went about following her mistress' instructions. The biggest surprise was the breakfast, it was donuts! Sandy wolfed down the three donuts. She had never tasted anything better in her life. Maybe this was going to be a good day. 

 At a quarter to nine she knelt down by the door naked. Her body was totally clean for the first time in several days. She took her time and fixed her hair and makeup. Sandy actually felt good about her appearance for the first time since the opening day of school. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 09 ****** bysadkins116© Anita arrived just after nine; she looked down at her slave and smiled. She noticed how pretty she was, as she thought, "When I sell her she will fetch a good price." 

 "Well done slut. Today we are going to go on a ride to a shop I know. We are going to decorate your body." 

 Sandy moaned as she hoped that today she would be getting her slave chains. Just the thought of it caused her pussy to moisten. Sandy remembered Dawn's chains the first time she saw them. Just the sight of them excited her. Now, hopefully she was going to get her own set. Sandy practically ran to the car, her coat flapping in the breeze. Sandy was standing beside the passenger door anxiously waiting for her mistress to unlock the door. 

 Anita watched her slave and smiled. The proud, beautiful teacher was now eager to have her body decorated as a slave. She knew that the teacher's career was now over. She would never be able to go back to school, with how she was to be chained and decorated. However the thought occurred to her that the ultimate humiliation would be to have her slave walk through the school, chained, almost nude, and display her servitude to the entire school. Anita shivered in excitement at the thought. She pushed the button and unlocked the door. 

 The first stop was a local laser removal spa. Anita was going to have all her hair removed below her neck. Her slave would never have a bush again. They arrived about ten minutes later outside the spa. 

 "Why are we here mistress?" 

 "That is of no concern to you slut. Just do as you are told." 

 "Yes mistress" Sandy replied and stepped out of the car. Her body flushed as she was led into the spa by her leash. 

 "Good morning Miss Anita." The receptionist said as they entered the door. 

 "Hello Christy, is everything all set?" 

 "Yes it is, please follow me." 

 Christy led the two back through a door and down a hallway to an exam room. "Marsha will be right in to take care of you." 

 "Thank you Christy." 

 "OK slave, take off the coat and get on the table. You are to do everything you are told. I will be back in a couple of hours to pick you up. I better not hear of you disobeying, understand?" 

 "Yes mistress, I will not disappoint you." Sandy said as she dropped her coat on the floor and climbed up on the table. 

 Marsha walked into the room and smiled. She had done this many time before for the Martinez family. The sight of the collar and leash and the compliant woman was not new. In fact Anita told her she could use her after she had finished with the procedure. 

 "How long do you need Marsha?" 

 "Well we usually do this in stages and not all at once. Are you sure you want it all now?" 

 "Yes I do, I don't care if she is in pain after wards. I just want it done." 

 "OK, give me about two and a half hours." 

 "Great, see you then." Anita stood, grabbed the coat, and walked out the door. 

 "What is your name?" Marsha asked. 

 Sandy was taken by surprise by the question, "I'm cum slut." She answered without thinking. "Oh, I'm sorry it's Sandy." Sandy had become so accustomed to referring to herself as a slut the first answer just slipped out. 

 Marsha smiled; this was going to be fun. "I'm going to give you a shot to calm you down. Just relax and I will wake you when I'm finished." 

 "Yes Mistress." 

 Two hours later, Marsha gently nudged Sandy's shoulder, "Wake up cum slut. It's time to finish with the procedure." 

 Sandy opened her eyes and looked around the room. At first she didn't recognize where she was. Her body was hurting some and her cunt was very tender, but other than that she felt fine. 

 "Yes mistress, may I get up now?" "Yes you can. I'm all done with you, now you need to take care of me. Get down on your knees and put your tongue to work. Sandy quickly rolled off the table and crawled to the woman now sitting on a chair with her skirt pulled up to her waist. She wasn't wearing any panties and her pussy was bare as a newborn baby's butt. Sandy while still groggy and not sure what had happened quickly went to work pleasuring the pretty young woman sitting in front of her. As she extended her tongue and gently licked up from the anus to her clit, Marsha shuddered. Marsha tasted wonderful; she was very clean and quite wet already. She had a slight lavender flavor and Sandy quickly shoved her tongue deep inside her canal. The deeper she went the more Marsha moaned. Sandy wanted this to last and pulled back and lightly ran her tongue over her labia and up to her clit. As soon as she touched her nubbin, Marsha gasped and grabbed her head. Sandy no longer had any control. She simple kept her tongue busy and Marsha moved her head where she wanted it. Soon Marsha pulled her face deep in the cunt and started to fuck her face. Breathing became difficult, but Sandy kept licking working to satisfy her current mistress. 

 Suddenly Marsha groaned and held Sandy's face right at her opening as her cunt clamped down on her tongue and started to ejaculate her fluids all over her face. Just as Sandy was about to blackout from lack of oxygen, Marsha released her head and pushed her to the ground. 

 "I'm done with you now slut. Your mistress will be back for you shortly. Go out and sit in the hall. We need the room of our other clients." 

 "Yes mistress." She said as she stood and looked around for her coat. 

 "Your mistress took it with her. Go out and sit there naked. Sluts don't deserve clothes." 

 Sandy hung her head and nodded. She then walked out into the hall and sat down. The embarrassment was again feeding her craving for humiliation. 

 Anita arrived a few minutes later and handed her slave her collar, leash and coat. Let's go slave, we have another appointment. 

 The trip to the tattoo parlor was only about twenty minutes. Sandy squirmed in her seat. Her mind was swimming in the thoughts of being marked and pierced. When they arrived, Anita indicated for her slave to get out and follow her inside. 

 Sandy walked through the door and smelled the antiseptic and took in the decor. Seeing as it was still early, there was no one in the lobby. Lining the walls were hundreds of examples of artwork that could decorate her body. 

 Just as she noticed the counters that had all the jewelry for piercing, a man walked through a curtain behind the counter. His presence startled her, as it seemed as if he showed up out of nowhere. 

 "Hello Anita, is this your slave?" 

 "Hey Jack, sure is. Is everything ready? I can't wait to see her when it's done." 

 "Yep all set, bring her to the back. Are you going to stay and watch, or come back in a couple of hours?" 

 "I'm going to come back. I have a new project in the works." 

 "Oh, another one, Kinda soon isn't it? Even your mom didn't do two at once." Jack said. He looked at the young dominatrix and thought, "You are too young, you have no idea of what you are doing. This is going to end badly and I'm not going to go down with you." 

 No, my new project is a surprise for my mom. She has no idea. I'm going to give it to her next week after the party this weekend. But first I need this one decorated. I want to display her with Susanna's slut at the party. I can't think of better way to break the two of them down, then by having them fuck the entire school. 

 Sandy was on the other side of the room and wasn't listening to their conversation. She was fascinated with the artwork on the walls. 

 "Slut, follow me, it's time to get to work." 

 Sandy quickly turned and followed her mistress down the hallway to the last room on the right. "Give me the coat. You won't need it any longer. Your new clothes will be provided when we leave." 

 Sandy quickly removed her coat and handed it to her mistress. She was now naked except her six inch stilettos. Anita took the coat and started for the door. "Remember slut; obey Jack as if I were speaking. I will be back later for you." She then turned and walked out the door. 

 Jack looked at the beautiful young blond ex-teacher. Her body was almost perfect. The items picked out for her will definitely enhance that beauty. There is nothing like a pretty woman in slave chains. 

 "OK slut, let's get started. First we need to finish some paperwork. I need you to sign some release papers. I don't want anyone coming in here in a few days saying I forced you to have this done. Also I need an electronic signature on the computer. Can you do that?" 

 "Yes sir, just tell me where to sign." Sandy answered. She knew she should read everything over but her mind was in full humiliation mode and her craving needed feeding. The quickest way to that fix was to do as she was told and receive her chains. 

 Jack looked down at the stack of papers. He checked to see if everything was in order. 

 Title transfer for her car 

 Apartment sublet release 

 401K transfer 

 Checking and savings account closure 

 Utilities account closure 

 Liability release for the tattoos and piercings 

 Employment resignation 

 Slavery registration (on line) 

 Change of address forms 

 Credit card closure requests, 4 total 

 Release to charity for furniture 

 By the time Sandy was finished signing all the forms, all her worldly possessions would be stripped away. She would have nothing, no money, no home, no car, no clothing, nothing. Sandy would be entirely dependent on her mistress. 

 Sandy grabbed the papers and started to sign where Jack indicated. He discreetly kept most of the documents covered, just showing her the signature line. It took a few minutes to sign all the papers, and to acknowledge her permission on the web page, but soon everything was finished. Jack smiled when she was finished. Anita had taken her coat and Sandy was literally left with nothing but her stiletto shoes on her feet. 

 When she finished Jack grabbed a bottle of water and handed it to the slave. "Drink this slut. I will be right back." 

 Jack walked out of the room to get everything he needed to attach to her body. When he returned about ten minutes later the drugs he put into the water were starting to take effect. Sandy was now flushed and noticeably excited. In another five minutes she would do anything to climax. The longer it was, the more compliant she would be. 

 Sandy was already excited about the decorations. The chains on Dawn's body were so sexy, and they were fairly easy to hide, so teaching in chains only stoked her excitement. She drank the water and started to feel her arousal stating to build. In only a few minutes her whole body was craving a climax. If something didn't happen soon she was going to go crazy. 

 When Jack walked into the room, he was pushing a roller table covered with a towel. She could tell there were several items covered but had no idea what they were. 

 "OK slut, climb up onto the table. Place your hands above your head and feet in the stirrups." 

 Sandy practically jumped onto the table. She quickly complied and was soon restrained and was unable to move. Jack pushed the table above her head and pulled off the towel. The first thing he grabbed was a blindfold. He didn't want her to know what he was doing till it was all done. 

 Sandy was now fully under the influence of the drug. She was not aware of anything around her only that her body needed to come. Her entire world was the arousal coursing through her body. When Jack covered her eyes it only made it worse as there were no distractions. 

 Jack looked down at the table. Organized before him were a matching set of wrist bands, ankle bands, and a collar. Beside them was a waist chain, all of these items were made of tantalum. Once they were in place they would not come off without a special magnetic key. Each of the bands was about 1 inch wide with soft rubber lining. All had rings or hooks installed to hang accessories. The wrist bands also had two short lengths of chains with rings attached. All the items were custom made to Sandy's exact size. 

 Beside that were the nipple and clit rings and tongue stud. At the top of the table were some additional decorations to be added when everything else was attached. The last items were the patterns for the tattoos. The first was the QRR pattern that was to be placed on the back of her neck. That way anyone using their phone could scan the pattern and pull up her slavery record. They would then know who owned her, what she was, what she would do, and how to contact her owner if she should try to escape. The other patterns were specially designed for her tits, ass and pussy marking her as a slut and a slave. 

 Jack first grabbed the collar; it wrapped around her neck and snapped shut. Once closed you could not even make out the hinge or the lock. It looked like it was forged around her. Although it was tight, so tight you could not slide anything more than a piece of paper behind it, it did not choke her. 

 Next, were the bracelets for her wrists. Jack grabbed the rings and placed one on her index and pinky fingers. He then pulled the bracelet around her wrist and clamped it shut. The rings could not be removed and the chains would always be in view. The ankles came next. Now there was no way for the slave to remove her slave bracelets. There would be no way to hide them. Jack's cock stirred and started to harden. 

 Jack grabbed the waist chain and slipped it around her waist. Although not make of tungsten, it was stainless steel. When he finish soldering it closed you could not tell where he did it. He smiled, "not bad if I say so myself." Sandy heard him talking but didn't hear what he said. Her entire concentration was on her pleasure zones, her cunt and mind. Both were overwhelming her remaining senses with desire. 

 Jack then started to work on Sandy's nipples. Although they were fully extended, he couldn't resist grabbing them between his finger and thumbs and pinching them roughly. Her tits were magnificent. Adding nipple rings would only make them more beautiful. 

 Sandy groaned as the pain and pleasure from his touch raced through her body and magnified her arousal. He smiled at her reaction and knew she would soon cave to her desires and throw herself at him to satisfy her needs. 

 Jack grabbed his tool and quickly pierced her left nipple. The pain caused Sandy to jump and her body to tremble as he inserted the ring. He reached over and picked up the soldering iron and quickly closed the gap, permanently attaching the ring. Sandy calmed after a few minutes as Jack readied the next ring, then moaned as the tool pierced her other nipple. In only a few minutes it was all over. 

 Jack then slid his hands down and spread Sandy's legs a little more and attached leather straps to her thighs, holding her tightly down to the table. He didn't want her to move when he pierced her clit. When he finished his right hand slid up her thigh and caressed the soaked slit. As he pulled back her protective hood and exposed the extended bud, he was amazed at how long it was. It was at least an inch long and quite red. When he touched it Sandy groaned from deep in her gut as the drug induced arousal was almost more than she could take. Jack then pulled the bud further from her body and placed his tool at the base and punctured it in one quick motion. 

 Sandy screamed in agony as the pain quickly doused her arousal and eliminated her need for climax. Jack took the ring and slipped it into the hole. As he closed the ring Sandy was composing her mind and body, waiting for what was next. Still blind; her remaining senses were on full alert. 

 The table at Sandy's head now had only five items left, a ring, a stud, a length of chain, and two charms with connecting gold chains. Jack reached over and grabbed a ring gag. He forced it into her mouth, holding it wide open. He then took a pair of forceps and grabbed the end of her tongue. As he pulled it out of her mouth he attached a clamp holding it in place fully extended from her lips. Now her mouth was open wider than it had ever been sucking any cock and her tongue was pulled out so far it looked like she could lick her nose. Jack smiled as every time he did this the expression was always comical on the victims face. He then placed the punch at the top of the tongue and pushed it through. Sandy tried to move but she was tightly secured and no movement was possible. Jack then moved the punch a little further out on the tongue and did it again. He then inserted the stud in the first hole and attached the ball on the end, then wrapped the ring in the second hole and around the tip of the tongue. When he finished soldering it closed, Sandy could be secured by locking a leash to the tongue and lead around by the mouth. Jack wondered what a blow- job would feel like with the new additions. Jack then removed the clamp, forceps, and ring gag. Sandy closed her mouth as much as possible with the ring making it difficult. 

 The last two items were easily installed; the first was a charm with two connecting chains on either end. He attached each end to a nipple ring leaving the charm right between her tits. The charm was simple enough; on one side it said "Cum Slut", on the other "Owned Slave". If any outfit exposed her cleavage it would announce to the world her status. The second charm only had one chain and that was attached to her clit ring. It extended down about a foot before it split to two smaller chains connecting to each end of the charm. The charm only said one thing, "SLUT". Left to dangle it would bounce between her legs and keep her arousal levels high. The only way to stop this would be to pull the charm up over her waist chain and have it displayed prominently in front of her skirt at crotch level, drawing attention to her cunt. 

 Jack sat back for a minute to admire his work. There was only one more thing and his job was finished. He reached over and took the last length of chain and threaded it through the ring on her collar, down to her right nipple, through that ring and down to her clit ring. Once there he continued up to her left nipple ring and back to the collar. When finished he cut the chain to length and soldered the ends together making a loop through and a diamond pattern on the front of her body. 

 To test the chain, Jack pulled on one side and the chain rotated through the rings dragging across her nipples and clit. The effect was dramatic. Sandy immediately started to groan and move her body as each link crossed each sensitive nub. It took only a few revolutions before she was again on the edge of an orgasm. Mission accomplished Jack thought. 

 Susan arrived back at college and quickly called Cindy. When she answered Susan demanded, "Where are you slut? I need you back at the dorm room now!" 

 "I just finished class mistress; I can be there in ten minutes." 

 "Great, don't waste any time, I need you now." Susan replied. 

 When Cindy returned, Susan explained what had happened at the lawyer's office. As she was explaining what the Martinez family was involved with, Susan came to the conclusion that she was allowing her fantasies to warp her thinking. It was one thing to dominate another person, if that person wanted to be dominated. But the relationship must be mutual, not one of non-consensual domination. Each person has a responsibility to the other. The dominate, must keep her submissive safe and protect her at all costs. And the submissive must trust that her mistress will keep her safe and not endanger her. It is truly the submissive that ends up with the control. 

 Susan looked into Cindy's eyes and started to cry. "I'm sorry Cindy, I'm afraid I've got a lot to learn about being a mistress. I want you to know that I won't jeopardize your life or reputation in any way. If you do not want this relationship we stop right now. It will not affect our friendship in any way. However, if you should want to continue, I will protect you and never betray that trust." Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 09 ****** bysadkins116© Cindy looked into Susan's eyes and understood that even though just a couple of days ago, she was a normal straight young woman, Susan had opened her eyes to a whole new world and she wanted to experience that world. "I trust you Susan, I want this to go further, but I can't do this under a threat. You are going to have to trust me that I will obey you. But you must respect my boundaries. What those boundaries are I'm not sure, but I want to explore them with you." 

 Both women started to cry and were soon in an emotional embrace. The closeness both felt solidified their relationship and cemented their friendship. They both lay on the bed and cried for a long time. When they had calmed down both fell into a restful sleep and didn't wake for several hours. 

 It was around two o'clock when they woke from their nap. Susan gently reached over and caressed Cindy's nipples. Cindy groaned at the contact and pushed her tits into Susan's hand. As Cindy turned her head, Susan leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips. For the next few minutes each enjoyed the others touch as both used their hands caressing their bodies. 

 Susan released her grip on Cindy's nipples and sat up looked down at her submissive. "I need your help. I told you about the two teachers teaching at your old school who are under control of the Martinez twins. They are in trouble and I need your help saving them. I spoke to my lawyer this morning and some very bad things are going to happen very soon. I need you to find out where the twins are keeping the teachers. Do you think you can help?" 

 "I don't know. I still have some friends there but I don't know if they know anything. We can stop by but I don't know if I can reach them while they are in school." 

 "How about we go to school and ask to visit the teachers and see what they say. We'll just tell them I'm a friend of Miss Hauser and I'm in town for a visit." 

 "That might work, I have a friend that works in the office. She might know something." 

 "OK get dressed we haven't much time before school lets out." 

 Ten minutes later both young women walked out of the dorm to drive over to the school. It only took a few minutes to get there when Susan noticed that Sandy's car was not in the lot. "She's not here. We need to find out where she lives." 

 They parked the car and walked into the school. It was during class and there were very few people in the halls. When they entered the main office, Cindy smiled and leaned over to Susan and whispered, "Good, Sally is at the desk, she is a busybody and knows all the gossip." 

 "Hey Sally, how are you?" 

 Sally looked up from her book and smiled, "CINDY, what are you doing here? I haven't seen you since last year. How is college? Met any cute guys yet? Do you have..." 

 Cindy quickly stopped her friend in mid sentence. "Sally, we just stopped by to visit my roommate's ex teacher, is Miss Hauser in?" 

 "No she called in sick today; she's been acting really weird lately. For a new teacher she has been dressing like a slut, if you know what I mean." 

 "Oh, that's too bad; you wouldn't have her address would you?" 

 "No I don't, they won't let me have that info. I would tell you to stop by Miss Reynolds room but she is off today also. She's been acting weird too. I don't know what is with these teachers dressing like sluts. We aren't allowed to dress that way." 

 "Damn, Susan really wanted to see her. Don't you have any way for us to contact her?" 

 "Well you might check with Miss Julie down the hall. I noticed that both Miss Reynolds and Miss Hauser have been visiting her lately. Her office is the third door on the right. Better knock first she hasn't been herself lately either." 

 "Thanks much, I'll talk to you later." 

 Cindy and Susan walked out the door and down the hall. When they got to the door and knocked a panicked gasp was heard. Cindy knocked again and listened closely. She heard some shuffling then a quiet voice said, "Come in." 

 Susan opened the door and looked at the woman sitting at the desk. "Miss Julie?" 

 "Yes, what can I do for you?" 

 Both Cindy and Susan noticed the distinct smell of sex in the air. They looked at each other and then at the obviously nervous woman sitting at the desk. She was sitting very close to the desk and looked flushed. Her top three buttons were unbuttoned, and the blouse was open down past her tits. It was obvious she was not wearing a bra. Susan looked at the scared woman and knew that she was also in the clutches of the twins. Susan smiled, leaned over the desk and said, "Don't you think you shouldn't be sitting half naked at school?" 

 Julie blushed and turned red down below her tits. "Ah-h-h I don't know what you mean? I'm dressed." 

 "Really, then stand up and show me." 

 "I don't know who you are but you just don't come walking into someone's office and start ordering them around. I'm going to have to ask you to leave." 

 Susan expression changed and looked down at the submissive woman sitting before her. "Look slut; here is what is going to happen. You are either going to stand up and show us you are almost naked, or I'm going to stand here while Cindy goes and gets the principle and bring him back here. Then you can explain to him why you are sitting at your desk wearing only your blouse and your office smells like a whorehouse." 

 "I will do no such thing." 

 "OK Cindy, go get the principle." 

 Cindy turned towards the door and grabbed the handle. "Wait, stop, don't go, I'll stand, please don't leave." Julie pleaded. 

 Cindy stopped and looked back over her shoulder; her hand was still on the door knob. Julie shoulders slumped as she knew she was caught. She slowly scooted her chair back and stood. Susan was right; Julie was only wearing her blouse. What was surprising to the two young women was not only was she shaved, but peeking out from her cunt was vibrator. It was very apparent that Julie was masturbating at her desk. Both her legs were wet down almost to her knees and her labia were swollen and very aroused. 

 "Turn around slut," Susan demanded. 

 Julie slowly turned around and sticking out of her ass was an anal plug. As she continued turning she ended up back facing the two young women. 

 "Oh My God," Cindy exclaimed. "I would never have guessed this is what you do here. What would happen if Alex stopped by?" 

 Julie blushed even further as she was truly frightened at what might happen. On top of those fears was the arousal, her whole body was excited. Just a couple of days ago she had never looked at another woman, let alone young women. Now here she was almost naked in school, standing in front of two very pretty women. Although she was afraid of what they were going to do to her, her mind and body wanted to drop to her knees and worship their feet and lick their cunts. 

 Julie had no answer to Cindy's question; she just stood there looking down at the floor. 

 Susan was now in charge, she walked around the desk and reached inside the half opened blouse and tweaked her right nipple. Julie gasped as the touch shot through her body and straight to her cunt. Her knees almost buckled as she leaned into the hand mauling her tit. 

 "Take off the blouse and drop to your knees slut." 

 Julie quickly complied and was soon naked on her knees in front of the two women. "What do you want with me" she asked? 

 "We just want some information. You know Miss Hauser and Miss Reynolds, Yes?" 

 "Yes I do." 

 "Good, I need you to tell me where they are, and what is happening to them." Susan Demanded. 

 "Oh my God, I can't tell you that. You will have to speak to the Martinez twins if you want to know about that." 

 "Really, well I guess we will just have to expose you to the school, get up and follow us to the office. Your little naked fun in your office is about to become public knowledge." 

 "O-O-O-H GOD NO, PLEASE DON'T DO THAT. I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN." Julie exclaimed as she dropped her head to the floor and started to grovel at Susan's feet. "Please please please I'm begging you. Don't expose me." 

 "Well here is what is going to happen. You are going to tell us exactly where we can find them, and then you are going to tell me everything you know about what is planned for them. Then you are going to help us with anything we want you to do. If you don't everyone in town is going to know exactly what you have been doing in your office, UNDERSTAND SLUT?" 

 "Yes mistress, but what about the twins. If they find out I told you and helped you they will ruin me. They have much more on me than you do." 

 "That might be true, but if you don't help us you are going to end up just like those two teachers. Do you want to end up a slut to everyone you meet, including your son? If you help us you just might get out of this with minimal damage. Have you fucked any of the students yet?" 

 "God NO, I've just had sex with Sandy and Dawn. I haven't touched any student. I have roamed the halls naked, but no one saw me." 

 "Good; then what are you going to do, Slut?" 

 Julie thought about her options. Over the last few days she watched as the two teachers were humiliated and pushed to do increasingly demented things. When she saw Dawn's chains and tattoos it scared her. And Sandy visiting the glory hole day after day collecting cum from half the men in town was disgusting. In spite of the training she had received; Julie still recognized right from wrong. Her mind was accepting doing wrongs things, like coveting fucking her son. She still knew it was wrong. 

 "I'm not sure if I can help. Mistress Anita did something to me yesterday and I'm not sure if I can refuse anything she tells me to do. I am not able to disobey her. There are things she planted in my mind that I can't resist. But I will do what I can for you if you will please help me." Julie responded. 

 "Fair enough, we will do what we can for you. I understand that you can't resist her commands, but if she does not ask you about us, don't volunteer any information, OK?" 

 "I will try my best," Julie sighed. 

 "Excellent, now tell us, what are the Martinez girls going to do to their slaves? Do you know where they will be for the next couple of days? Is there any time at all when they will be alone? We need to speak to them." 

 Julie thought about it for a minute and then said. "The twins told me that their slaves would not be returning to school. Susanna said that they would be resigning their positions as teachers. I know that Anita was taking Sandy to the spa and the tattoo parlor today to have her body hair removed and to "decorate" her body. When Susanna took Dawn there; she came back to school with slave chains and slut tats all over her body. I'm to wait here after school and follow them to Dawn's apartment. I'm not sure what is going to happen then, but I overheard that I'm supposed to present the slaves to some high rollers over at their parent's house later this evening and then bring them back to Dawn's apartment." 

 "I'm not sure about tomorrow but I think that the slaves are to stay at Dawn's place. I think Anita and Susanna have something planned this weekend for all of us." 

 "I'm not allowed to orgasm until Saturday at the earliest is what I was told. With whatever she did to me I can't come until she gives me permission and I'm so fucking horny that is all I can think of. The only thing that will quell my craving is cum. Every time I eat cum my arousal levels drop to a manageable level. But it doesn't last and my body starts to crave orgasms again. She also implanted thoughts of my son in my head. All I can think of is submitting to him. I'm afraid if I'm left around him for very long I won't be able to resist and I will end up his slut slave." 

 "Please help me. I am helpless against this. I need my mistress she controls my mind and body. I can't fight her control. I need relief or I'm going to end up just like Sandy and Dawn." 

 Susan and Cindy listened intently. "How could those two evil twins exert such control over these adult women in such a short time? The control they have over Julie was beyond belief. If they have the same control over Sandy and Dawn they might not be able to be saved. We had better be careful or we might be caught up in the same situation." Susan thought. 

 "We can't make any promises but we will do all we can to help you. But in the meantime do as you are told and don't tell anyone you spoke to us. Write down your cell number and we will be in touch. If you think of anything else call me at this number." Susan told the naked slut as she wrote down her number on a post-it. 

 Susan and Cindy turned and walked out the door. Julie watched as they left and reached down and started to slowly move the vibrator in and out of her cunt again. Her mistress told her to fuck herself, naked in her office for 15 minutes each hour. She had been interrupted and had to finish as commanded. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 10 ****** bysadkins116© I want to thank everyone for their comments and suggestions. They have helped even if the suggestions are not included. As I have said before, this is my first attempt at writing anything let alone an erotic story. Posting this and getting the comments make my day. Even the negative ones, as this means at least someone has read my story. Many thanks for the volunteer editors helping me get through this. 

 

 

 

 Dawn read her instructions and quickly completed her tasks and went to bed. She was glad not to have to go to school. She didn't consider herself a teacher any longer. "I am a slave, I obey my mistress, I love cum, I need to fuck, I am a slave..."Dawn kept repeating over and over in her mind. The more she repeated the phrases the deeper her submission. As Dawn drifted into off to sleep her mind was filled with erotic thoughts. She was dreaming of standing in front of her class. Then Susanna arrived and commanded her to strip and drop to her knees. Dawn was mortified at the thought of exposing her slavery but was unable to resist. Just as she finished stripping and stood naked for the first time in front of her students her body and mind exploded with arousal and humiliation. When she dropped to her knees and bowed her head Susanna grabbed her hair and pulled her head up. She was forced to look at her shocked students faces. As Susanna turned her face to look at each student Dawn was struck by the many expressions. Several of the girls in the class had shocked expression, but an almost equal amount had a look of lust. The rest of the girls simply scowled at the submissive teacher. 

 Looking at the boys was, as expected, ninety percent typical male behavior. Openly ogling her tits and chains, the rest were split between shock and what could only be described as evil. Just as Susanna commanded her to crawl down each row asking to serve each student, Dawn woke with a start. 

 Dawn was out of breath and sweating. Her cunt was soaked and there was a large wet spot on the bed. How could this humiliation be such a turn-on, or was it just submitting to her mistress that was so exciting. 

 "I am a slave, I obey my mistress, I love cum, I need to fuck, I am a slave..... 

 Over and over erotic scenes passed through her dreams. Always in front of her class, always being commanded to do degrading things and always the same result, intense arousal followed up with: 

 "I am a slave, I obey my mistress, I love cum, I need to fuck, I am a slave..... 

 When evening finally arrived, Dawn was totally drained; her body was quivering with excitement. There was nothing she wanted more than to obey her mistress to get that feeling of total freedom, to have no responsibility to make any decisions, only to do as told and to satisfy her mistress. 

 Dawn rose from her bed and padded over to the bathroom. She took a quick shower and waited for her mistress by the door. Dawn was not concerned about what to wear as her mistress would provide everything she needed. 

 

 

 Sandy was lying on the table still blindfolded when Jack pulled the chains through her rings. The feeling of each link crossing each of her sensitive buds was driving her mad. With the drug induced arousal and her mind craving submission her entire body was trembling with excitement. 

 "Pleash mashster, pleash tathe meth," Sandy tried to say as the ring in her tongue made it difficult to talk clearly. 

 Jack chuckled at her speech and reached out and pulled the chains. Sandy gasped as the chains pulled her sore nipples and clit further and further from her body. The effect was dramatic on her brain, the erotic situation of being bound to the table, blindfolded, in a public place, followed by the pain emitting from the piercings was sending her mind ever the edge. 

 "Osh mashster, pleash fush mesh, pleash tash mesh any wathe youse wansh." All she desired was to be used. 

 Jack smiled at her then pulled over his tattoo kit. He started to first work on her tits. The pattern was fairly simple, but if you looked at it for more than a minute it came into focus. The word "SLUT" was clearly visible placed on her right tit about an inch above the nipple. Then it was the word "TEACHER" on the left tit in the same place. Even if at a glance it was not obvious, it only took a second for anyone to understand the message. 

 As soon as he finished her tits, he moved down her body to just above her bald cunt. Placed directly above her slit was a picture of a little devil with the words "Fuck Me!" forever embellished on her groin. 

 With her tits and cunt now tattooed he rolled her on her stomach and started to work on the QR pattern that would allow anyone with a smart phone to scan the profile of her servitude. When he finished she would forever be marked as an owned slave. She would never be able to escape her owner as anyone who scanned it would know who was her master. 

 Jack, when finished, checked to see if it would work and scanned the tattoo with his phone, sure enough the cum slut profile popped up on his screen. Included in her profile, were pictures of the slut fucking on her desk in her classroom as well as pictures from her adventures at the glory hole. There was even a link to a website that had videos going all the way back to Mexico. Sandy of course had no idea of what the tattoo was or what it meant. She had no idea of the existence of the pictures or the website. When she signed all the papers she also signed a release for any and all pictures giving away all rights to them. Her owner could use them in any way they chose. 

 Jack then went to work on her ass. Here is was nothing more than a small target on her butt right above her sphincter spreading out about four inches on each hip. Above the target was an arrow pointing to her ass, and the words on each side saying "BULLS EYE". When finished her rolled her on her back again and admired his work. She was going to be sore for a few days, but that didn't matter. By early next week who knows where she would be or who would own her. 

 Jack reached over and pulled the blindfold from her eyes. Sandy blinked at the bright lights and looked into his eyes. She opened her mouth and extended her tongue. The silver ring glistening in the light as Jack stood and dropped his pants. Flopping out in front of Sandy's face was his erect cock. There was nothing more beautiful in her eyes than his rod. 

 Sandy quickly enveloped it deep in her mouth not even taking time to moisten it first. She needed his seed to fill her mouth. 

 Jack watched as the horny slut sucked his entire unit down her throat. The feeling of the ring and stud was fantastic. As she continued to shove his cock down her throat he reached down and grabbed her head and held his cock deep down her throat. Knowing he was about to climax, Jack quickly pushed her off his cock. 

 Sandy looked up at her master and tried to pull him back into her mouth, but Jack would have none of it. He was in control and he wanted to fill each of her holes and watch her beg for more. He then released her bonds one at a time and pulled her legs off the table. She was now lying on the table face down with her ass and cunt completely available. He then roughly shoved two fingers into her love canal. Sandy screamed but quickly pushed back and shoved the fingers deeper into her box. What came next was a guttural moan as she started to hump his hand. 

 "Pleash morth mashter, pleash gith mesh morth." Jack smiled and inserted another finger joining the other two now being fucked by the out of control slut. Just as she was peaking he pulled the fingers and replaced them with his rock hard cock, pushing it deep inside her cunt. Sandy's body convulsed and gripped it hard as her body was racked with an amazing orgasm. As he watched her body tremble he started to pound his cock rapidly in and out taking her orgasm to another level. 

 Sandy convulsed as Jack kept ramming his rod like a piston deep inside the horny slave. Just as he was about to climax he stopped and pulled his cock from deep within her cunt. Sandy screamed from the loss as she pushed herself closer to his tool. But Jack had other plans, he quickly grabbed his tool and aligned it with her brown ring and pushed. 

 "A-A-A-A-HHHH," Sandy screamed as his massive cock entered her ass. Jack pulled back an inch or so and shoved again hard as he bottomed out, balls deep. 

 Sandy felt no pleasure only burning pain, but instead of bringing her down it only fulfilled her craving for pain and humiliation. Her mind exploded and every nerve in her body screamed as the orgasm flowed down her body to her toes and back again. The last things Sandy remembered were the waves and waves pulsing through her body over and over again. 

 Jack continued to pound her ass as he felt her sphincter clamp down again and again on his cock as her orgasms coursed up and down her body. Jack trying to prolong the feeling could not deny his body and released his spunk deep in her bowels. Jack, still enjoying his orgasm, slowly fucked her ass as his cock softened and popped out of her rear passage. 

 Knowing that he wanted to humiliate her, he walked around the table and pushed his cock at her mouth. "Clean me up cum slut. Open your mouth and wash the slime off my cock. You are nothing more than a possession now." 

 Sandy, now only semiconscious, opened her mouth and extended her tongue with its new jewelry and started to lick from his balls to the tip, making sure she cleaned it all. As the words slowly sank into her brain, something clicked in the back of her brain. 

 "A possession? I'm a possession? What happened to my life?"Sandy thought. "Was it only seven days ago my life was normal, now I'm nothing more than a cum slut."As those thought ran through her mind, her body felt the familiar craving starting to build. 

 Jack pulled his cock from her mouth, looked down at the slut and commanded, "Get up slut; it's time to get you ready for your mistress." 

 Sandy still in a daze slowly rolled off the table, her head down, only looking at the floor. Jack reached out and pushed the slave across the room towards the triple mirror against the far wall. Once he had her directly in front of it, he reached up and grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her head up and pointed it towards the mirror. 

 Sandy's mind started to clear as she shuffled across the room. When Jack stopped her and pulled her head back what she saw shocked her. She expected the chains, but she expected chains like Dawn's chains. Her chains, bracelets, anklets, and collar exposed her servitude to everyone. There was no way to hide her shackles. When her eyes made it to the charms and tattoos and read their inscriptions her knees gave way and she dropped to the floor. 

 "Math thith lothly thlave havth herth coath pleathe?" 

 "Sorry slut, you have no coat. In fact you have nothing, no job, no apartment, no possessions, no clothes, nothing. You only have what is on your body. You are totally dependent on your mistress, and she can do anything she wants to you and with you." Jack snarled as in spite of how beautiful she was, he still thought of her as a dumb slut. Anyone who allows someone to do this to them deserves what they get. 

 Jack pulled a leash out from his back pocket, reached down and pushed his finger in her mouth. He hooked the ring and pulled the tongue out of her mouth. Sandy didn't resist as she didn't understand what he was going to do. Jack then clipped the leash on the ring and pulled. 

 Sandy's eyes grew wide as she suddenly realized what the ring was for. She couldn't resist in any way as her tongue was still very sore. Jack led the slave over to a wall and reached up threw leash over a clip attached high up on the wall. He then pulled the end and forced the slave to stand on her toes to relieve the stress on her tongue. 

 "God you look sexy, strung up by your tongue slut." Jack commented. He then walked over and opened a bag. Inside were four veils. They were red in color and almost transparent. He then grabbed the first of which was a long triangle. It started at the top with a ring, extending down about ten inches. It was only 3 ½ inches wide at the bottom. Attached at the bottom two chains with clips, about eight inches long from each corner. 

 Jack took the top and hooked it to her collar; he then pulled it down over her tit and attached the chains at the bottom to her waist chain. He then grabbed an identical veil and did the same to the other side. As he stepped back looked at the slut, he smiled. Although her tits were covered, they were in plain sight along with all her decorations. 

 Jack then grabbed the remaining two veils; each was a small rectangle about eight inches wide by ten inches long. On two of the corners were small chains about four inches long with clips on the end. He then clipped each veil on her front and back covering her ass and cunt. He then grabbed the clit chain and pulled it up and over her waist chain letting it dangle in front of her cunt. With the red veil as a background, the silver charm, with "SLUT" in two inch letters, shone like the sun confirming to anyone exactly what she had become. 

 Sandy was now standing on her toes attached to the wall by her tongue, wearing nothing more than thin transparent veils covering her tits, and veil loin cloth which hid nothing. Just as she started to reach for the leash, Jack grabbed her arms and quickly attached them also to the waist chain. Her hands could now only reach about three inches from her waist. He then knelt down and attached a short, twelve inch hobble chain to her ankles. When he pulled out a pair of six inch stiletto heels and locked them on her feet, his work was done. He stood back, pulled the chain attached to her tongue up tight again, took out a camera and admired his work. These pics are going to be worth a fortune. Jack then turned and walked to the front of the store. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Julie was sitting at her desk when school finally ended. Yes the day had been easier for her. Susanna didn't do anything to her, only making her strip each hour and masturbate for 15 minutes before let her dress again. When the bell rang signaling the end of classes she breathed a sigh of relief. Hopefully Susanna would show up soon and give her some relief. Her body was a bundle of nerves. Each hour she was more frightened she might be caught naked in her office. The masturbating only increased her arousal making it impossible to get anything accomplished. Julie waited for her mistress to arrive, sitting at her desk with her skirt up around her hips, gently stroking her clit. 

 God I need cum! I hope MistressSusannashows up soon and allows me to feed my need. At least let me have some cum! 

 Just then her door opened and in walked Susanna. "Wow slut you have been busy. It smells like a pussy in here. Stand up and get out of those clothes." 

 Julie jumped up and quickly stripped out of her blouse and skirt and stood naked in front of her mistress. 

 Susanna looked at the excited slave and noticed that her legs were wet from her cunt to her knees. She glanced at her chair and there was a wet spot at least ten inches in diameter. "Is my slut horny?" She asked. 

 "OH GOD YES MISTRESS. I need to cum so-o-o-o bad. Please let me cum mistress," Julie answered. 

 "Oh no, I don't think so slut. You are not to cum before Saturday. Unless of course you seduce your son, but even then you will have to Facetime it to me when you do it. I want to save the event for prosperity." 

 Julie's shoulders slumped as she didn't think she would be able to handle waiting so long to climax. 

 Susanna watched Julie's reaction and smiled, she knew that the woman/slut standing naked in front of her was breaking down. Soon her body would overwhelm her brain and she would do any degrading thing to be allowed to orgasm. 

 Susanna reached into her bag and pulled a coat, collar and leash out and handed it to her slave. "Put these on, and let's get out of here." 

 Julie gasped, school had just let out and there were still lots of people still in the halls. If they left now everyone would be able to see her, as the coat would not cover her pussy when she walked. Let alone wearing the collar and leash. "Please mistress, we can't leave right now. There are too many people still in school. If you lead me with the leash, dressed in only the coat, I will get fired. I can't do you any good if I'm not working here. Please mistress, can we please wait awhile?" 

 "Slut, you are not to question my demands. You are to do as told. Take off your shoes and give me your vibrator and belt off your coat." 

 Julie cringed as Susanna looked so angry, as she quickly grabbed the vibrator out of her desk, slipped off her shoes, and removed the belt off the coat. 

 "Pull the coat up and spread your legs slut." Julie did as commanded and watched as Susanna took the vibrator and inserted it deep in her cunt. Just as it bottomed out, Susanna turned the knob on the base to high. The effect was immediate, Julie's eyes bulged out and her mouth opened in a silent scream. The vibrator was pushing all the right buttons, but her mind remembering its training would not let her body climax without permission. 

 Susanna then took the belt and looped it down between her legs and around her waist before tying it off holding the vibrator in place. Julie was now using everything she had to keep from dropping to her knees succumbing to the toys embedded in her body. Now her coat was no longer tied closed, if she wanted to keep from exposing her body she would have to hold it closed. Susanna then grabbed the leash and pulled the barefoot, nearly-naked slave out her office door. 

 Julie could not look around as she was led by the dominate teenager down the hall by a leash. Her coat was just covering her body in spite of her holding it tightly closed. Being barefoot only increased the humiliation as the vibrator was working its magic deep inside her. Julie thought about her son, his last class was down this hall. God I hope he has already left. I can't let him see me this way. 

 As they reached the door to the parking lot, Julie started to relax. So far they hadn't passed anyone; she might be able to get out of this after all. Just as they got to the door, out of the shadows stepped one of Susanna's girlfriends. 

 "Carrie, thanks for meeting me here. I'm just taking my slut out for training. Is everything set for later?" 

 "Absolutely, I'm meeting Alex later and we are going to his house to study. Isn't that his mom?" 

 "Why yes it is, she is a closet slut. She loves it when I make her do embarrassing things. She gets off on it. Why else would she be standing here almost naked with her holes plugged at school?" Susanna answered as she pulled the coat open exposing the toys filling Julie's holes. 

 Carrie gasped at the sight, but then deep inside she felt a tingle in her cunt as the thought of dominating a grown woman was exciting her. 

 "OK slut, we are going to the apartment for some training for a couple of hours. Carrie here is going to go home with your son. She will keep him occupied till you get home. Who knows, maybe when you get there you might be able to watch him fuck her. Wouldn't that be exciting?" 

 Julie groaned and blushed down to her knees. Now there was another person who knew what she was. Susanna grabbed the leash and pulled the slave out the door to the parking lot. When they got to Julie's car, Susanna demanded her coat. Julie panicked as she looked around hoping no one noticed as she slid her coat off and handed it to her mistress. Susanna smiled an evil smile and decided to push it just a little further. 

 "Drop down on your knees and lick my shoes slut and you better make it quick if you don't want to get caught." 

 Julie, standing naked in the staff parking lot, quickly dropped to her knees and dropped her head down to Susanna's shoes. Praying nobody walked out the staff door, she quickly started to lick her mistress's shoes. Instead of making her sick, her body's reaction was to ramp up her arousal to an extreme level. Her cunt was now gushing around the vibrator still deeply embedded in her pussy. The more she licked and the longer she stayed on her knees, the more aroused was her body. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 10 ****** bysadkins116© Susanna was watching closely in case anyone would leave the staff door. Even though having Julie discovered would eventually happen, she wanted to wait till the right time. Susanna wanted to make her coming out an event, not an accident. "OK slut, you did well, now get up and follow me to Slave Dawn's apartment." 

 Julie practically jumped up off the pavement and jumped into her car, and not a minute too soon as several teachers and support staff walked out the door. Julie was parked very close to the door as she had arrived so early this morning. She was only about fifty feet or so from the teachers heading for their cars. She looked up at her mistress with pleading eyes. 

 "OK slut, you may go ahead. I will meet you there, but when you get there wait for me by the front door." 

 Julie didn't wait to respond; she quickly started the car and dashed out of the lot before anyone could see her nudity. 

 

 

 

 

 Susan called Julie's cell, she hoped that Julie had kept their involvement a secret. Susan needed an update and although it was dangerous calling her she had to risk it. She needed to get more details about the slaves. 

 "Julie jumped when her cell rang; she quickly grabbed it and checked the caller ID. She didn't recognize the number but answered it anyway, "Hello, who is this?" 

 "Julie, this is Susan from earlier this afternoon. Do you have more details?" 

 "Not really, I'm on the way to Dawn Reynolds apartment now. Mistress Susanna is following me in a few minutes." 

 "What is going on tonight?" 

 "All I know is that I am going there for more training. If it is anything like the last time I will no longer be able to resist my mistress. I will end up just like the other slaves. Please help me! PLEASE!" Julie pleaded with the young woman on the other end of her phone. 

 "OK, text me Dawn's address, and take your phone with you. I don't care how you get it in the apartment but you must get it into the apartment. I will be giving you a call in an hour or so. Do you have an elderly close relative?" 

 "Yes, my mother is in a nursing home. She is very sick." 

 "Good, I will pretend I am from the nursing home and will demand you get over here as soon as possible. I will tell you that your mother is much worse and might die. Where is the nursing home located?" 

 "The name is 'Sunny Hill Nursing Home' and it's located in South Bend, about an hour and half away." 

 "Great, I will tell you that you will need to get there as soon as possible tomorrow morning. That way you have an excuse to go home and pack. Hopefully that will get you out of the house and away from the training." 

 "Thank you so much mistress. I will do as you ask." 

 "While you are at the apartment, try to find out what their plans are for the slaves. I want you to call me as soon as you can and fill me in. Do you understand?" 

 "Yes mistress, I understand." Julie answered and ended the call. "God I hope this works. If it doesn't I will be a slave for the rest of my life," She murmured to herself. 

 Julie arrived at the apartment a few minutes later. She had nothing to wear as Susanna had her coat. The only covering was the belt holding the vibrator in her pussy. Julie grabbed the phone and slipped it behind the belt and walked to the door. As it was daylight, but still early, there weren't many neighbors around. She stood on the door stoop waiting for her mistress to arrive. A few minutes later she spotted the BMW pulling into the parking lot. Julie breathed a sigh of relief as her mistress had arrived. 

 Susanna pulled into a parking spot beside Julie's car. She smiled as she watched her slut standing nervously in front of Dawn's apartment. She waited a minute or so just to make her squirm a little more and to make sure she knew who was charge. 

 Susanna stepped out of the car and walked up to her slut. "Give me your leash and drop to your knees, you are not allowed to stand when you are here." 

 Julie quickly complied, holding her leash above her head and kneeling by the door. Susanna took the leash, opened the door and pulled the slave inside. The first thing they noticed was Dawn, naked and kneeling just inside the door. 

 "Welcome Mistress, your slave awaits your commands. What can this lowly ass slut do to please her mistress?" 

 Susanna beamed as this is just what she wanted. Having her slave greeting her at the door begging to be dominated by her mistress sent shivers up her spine and down to her pussy. "How was your day slut? Did you sleep well? Have you been thinking about me? Are you wet thinking about all the perverted things I might make you do?" 

 "Yes Mistress, I thought about you a lot. I didn't sleep well because every time I fell asleep I dreamed that you made me strip in front of my class and service each student. After each dream my body craved your presence. My cravings are out of control. I need you to satisfy my cravings. Please mistress, use me as you see fit. I will do anything you wish." As Dawn spoke she looked up at her mistress with love in her eyes. She now needed what Susanna gave her. Dawn was now willingly giving her mistress everything she had left; she was giving up all control of her body and mind. In Dawn's mind she was no longer a person, just a slut to be used for her mistress' pleasure. 

 Susanna looked down at the humble slave at her feet and listened intently. At the slut's statement of giving up her last bit of control, Susanna watched as a tear rolled down her slut's cheek. Susanna jerked on Julie's leash and said, "Now slut, do you understand what your future will be?" 

 Julie gasped as she remembered how Dawn Reynolds was just a few days ago. She was a proud confident teacher, completely in control of her life. Now only a few days later, she was willingly giving up all control of her life to a teenager. Julie hoped that the young woman she only met today would come through to save her. 

 Susanna quickly took charge. "Ass Slut, go into the bedroom and get things ready. We only have a few hours to continue the new slave's training." Dawn quickly crawled to the bedroom and started to prepare the 'Mind Bender'. 

 Julie started to cry as she knew that the call would not be coming for a while. If her mistress managed to start the training she might not let her out before it would be too late. She then remembered her phone; she needed to leave it in the living room so when it went off someone would hear it. She sat by the door, she watched as Susanna followed Dawn into the bedroom. Now was her chance, she quickly pulled the phone out from behind the belt and placed it on the table beside the couch. She quickly returned to the door and prayed that the plan would work. 

 It only took a few minutes to set up the controller, when everything was finished Susanna reviewed the verbal commands that would be implanted into the slut's head. Satisfied that everything was set, she walked to the kneeling slave, grabbed her leash and pulled her to the bedroom. Julie at first tried to resist, but only a quick glance from Susanna quashed any resistance left in her body. 

 This time Dawn was allowed to help with the entire process. First they removed the belt and probes already inside the holes. Then she even helped attach the probes on her nipples and clit. When it was time to insert the vibrator, Dawn asked her mistress, "Mistress, May I chose the vibrator? I know the perfect one to use." 

 "Sure slut, which one is it?" 

 "It's part of the Mind Bender kit that was in the suit case I brought back from Mexico." She answered. 

 Dawn crawled over to the suit case and pulled out a monster ten-inch long, three-inch diameter black cock. It had multiple settings that the 'Mind Bender' could access. That meant that the controller could change vibration settings and drive the slut to even higher levels of arousal. The best thing was that this unit plugged into the wall and did not rely on batteries. 

 "I like your choice. That will do nicely." 

 Dawn watched as Susanna finished connecting everything to the controller and pushed the button. 

 Julie instantly trembled as the controller started the process. Soon she was humping the air trying to reach that ever elusive climax that she knew would never come. Susanna smiled and called her slave out to the living room. "Follow me slut, I need some relief and you are going to give it." 

 Dawn smiled as she quickly crawled after her mistress, her mouthwatering just at the thought of drinking her fluids. There was nothing that tasted better than her mistress' cum. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Sandy was still strung up against the wall when Anita strolled into the shop. Anita knew what was to be done, but she hadn't actually seen what was ordered. Jack had only told her to trust him; he would make sure there would be no doubt that this teacher slut was a slave. Anita had a hard time staying away for the full two and one half hours. She was so excited to see her slave decorated. She couldn't wait to scan her neck tattoo and pull up her slave registration online. 

 When Jack saw her walk through the door, he smiled and said, "Wait, you have to close your eyes. I want this to be a surprise." 

 Anita's nipples were about to poke a hole in her tee shirt and her pussy was positively dripping under her skirt. She knew she should have worn panties, but she wanted to make use of her slave as soon as possible and didn't want panties to get in the way. 

 "OK," she answered and covered her eyes with her hand. Jack took her other hand and led her down the hall to the room with her slave. Sandy heard someone coming and hoped it was her mistress. Her legs were hurting keeping the strain off her tongue. When she saw Jack leading her mistress into the room her body relaxed as her mind exploded with anticipation at what her mistress had in store for her. 

 Jack positioned Anita in front of the restrained slave and whispered, "Open your eyes Anita." 

 Anita gasped when she gazed upon her slave, the chain attached to her tongue ring and pulling it above her head was so erotic she almost came right then. As she slowly lowered her eyes down her body the collar came into view. It was magnificent; it was so tight and no noticeable latches or hinges. The chain coursing thru the loop in front and down through the loops now attached to her nipples and down to her clit was the work of a genius. She then looked at the charms attached to her nipples and clit. Each message screamed slave. Anita continued to scan the slut's body looking at the bracelets and anklets. They matched the collar with no latches or hinges that she could see. Anita stood back and took in the entire picture of her slut, wearing nothing more than thin veils and chains. The only noticeable locks were on her stiletto heels. She then walked up to the slut and pulled the chain, rotating it across the slut's sensitive nubs, eliciting a gasp from the slave's open mouth. 

 Jack looked at Anita and asked, "Well, what do you think? Is it everything I promised? Are you happy with the results?" 

 "Oh, my God, yes, everything and more, she is a work of art!" Anita exclaimed. "Please tell me where did you put the slave code?" 

 "It's on the back of her neck, right where anyone can see it when she is giving a blowjob, or when her hair is in a ponytail it will be quite visible no matter what top she wears unless it is a turtle neck. Oh and one more thing, the ring in her tongue with take some getting used to, her speech is slurred right now but it should clear up as she learns to talk around it." 

 Anita moaned as she couldn't wait to take her slave out and show her off. "Please release her tongue and give me her leash." 

 Jack walked to the wall and released the leash. He pulled it off the clip in the wall and handed it to Anita. Sandy followed as her tongue was being pulled by her mistress. Anita started to walk across the room, leading her slave behind her. Sandy struggled to keep up as she could only take small steps due to the hobble chain on her ankles. Anita laughed as she watched he slut taking three steps to her one and struggling to stay upright on her sky high stiletto heels. 

 Anita sat in a chair and pulled her skirt above her waist. She then tugged on the leash and pulled her slave down to her knees. She then un-clipped the leash and ordered, "Make that beautiful tongue useful, eat my pussy slut." 

 Sandy beamed and dove into her crotch. She quickly licked from her ass to her clit savoring every morsel flowing from her mistress. There was no shame, no humiliation, no pain, only pleasure. Sandy was right where she should be, servicing her mistress. "I love my mistress!,"Coursed through her mind as she pushed her decorated tongue deeper into her love canal. 

 Anita was so excited that it took only a couple of minutes before she felt her orgasm start to boil up from her loins. Anita looked across the room at Jack, who had dropped his pants and was stroking his cock watching the erotic scene unfold before his eyes. Anita watched closely and as Jack began to spurt. She then grabbed Sandy's head and roughly ground her face into her cunt as her orgasm exploded and flowed out to all her extremities. Sandy knelt on the floor continuing to lick where ever Anita positioned her face. Breathing was difficult as both her nose and mouth were buried deep in her mistress' pussy when Anita climaxed. Her cum spurting out in copious amounts and covered her sluts face and tits. 

 When Anita finally regained her senses, she released her grip on the slut's head and pushed her away. Her cunt was too tender to be touched. Sandy sat on the floor looking up at her mistress, she was happy her mistress was satisfied and her cum slut had performed well. She felt a warm glow from deep within her chest. She was in love. 

 Anita took a couple of minutes to collect herself, then stood and straightened her skirt. She then grabbed the leash and said, "Open your mouth and stick out your tongue slut." 

 Sandy quickly scrambled to her knees and stuck out her tongue as far as she could. Anita clipped the leash through the ring. "Come along slave, we are going to your fellow slave's apartment. You will be staying there for the next few days. Did you bring anything with you? Oh, no of course not, you have nothing do you?" 

 "Noth mithress Ith hath nuthing, Ith amth nuthing, Ith ethist thrictly forth yourth ptheathure mithress. thlease useth meth mithress." 

 Anita smiled and headed for the door. She walked a little slower so her slave wouldn't fall. When they got to the car Anita told her slave that from now on she would be living with her sister slave. They drove to Dawn's apartment in silence as Anita was in deep thought on how much she was going to get in the slave auction and Sandy was thinking about the many humiliating tasks her mistress might give her. 

 As soon as they arrived at the door, Anita looked at her slave and said, "You are not allowed to speak unless given permission. You are not to look your superiors in the eye unless ordered to do so. You are not superior to anyone. Do you understand slut?" 

 "Yeth mithress, thith thlut unthurthands." 

 "Good, then follow me and do as you are told." 

 Sandy shuffled into Dawn's apartment and immediately noticed Dawn servicing Susanna's pussy. Susanna was sitting in an overstuffed arm chair with her legs widely spread and hanging over the arms. Dawn was kneeling in front of her mistress lavishing her attention to her ass. 

 "Hey sis," Anita called to her sister. 

 "O-O-O-H-H-H Nita I-I-I'm busy right now," Her sister gasped as she was approaching an orgasm. 

 "Cum Slut, go over and shove your tongue up your fellow slave's ass." She said while removing the leash from her tongue. 

 Sandy quickly hobbled over and dropped to her knees, leaned forward, extended her tongue and shoved it up Dawn's ass. Dawn gasped as Sandy's tongue now decorated was quickly ramping up her arousal levels. 

 Anita walked over to the bedroom door and looked in at Julie bound to the bed and writhing from the Mind Bender controlling her body. 

 Susanna suddenly screamed as a massive orgasm exploded from her cunt and flow through her body. 

 Anita waited till her sister had calmed before she asked, "How long has she been connected?" 

 "Only about an hour or so I expect to continue for the next three hours to complete this session. By that time she will not be able to resist our commands, regardless of how humiliating or perverse." 

 Just then the cell phone rang on the end table. "Whose phone is that?" Susanna asked? "I don't know," Anita answered as she picked it up and answered. 

 "Hello, who is this?" Anita asked in an annoyed tone. 

 "I'm sorry to bother you but are you Julie Green?" The caller answered. 

 "No she is tied up at the moment, is there something I can do for you?" Anita said while smiling at her pun. 

 "Yes please, this is Candice Brown from the Sunny Hill Nursing Home. I'm trying to reach Julie about her mother. I'm afraid she has taken a turn for the worse. We believe that Julie should come up here to visit her mother. I'm afraid she may not be with us much longer. Would you be able to get this message to her? And could you have her call us at this number?" 

 "Where exactly is Sunny Hill Nursing Home?" 

 "We are located in South Bend, Julie knows where we are, and she has been here many times. Are you sure I can't speak with her?" 

 "No I'm afraid she is in the middle of something and cannot be disturbed. Your message will have to wait." 

 "I'm sorry to be so persistent but I really need to speak with her. We need to know exactly what she wants us to do when it becomes critical. We also want to know when we can expect to see her. I'm begging you, what would you want if it was your mother?" 

 "OK, OK, I'll go get her. Please hang on; it will take me a minute to get her to the phone." 

 "Oh thank you very much. Of course I'll hold." 

 Anita put the phone down and called her sister over. "It's a nursing home calling about Julie's mom. She is about to kick the bucket. They need to speak to her right now. Help me get her up and see if she can talk." 

 "OK I'll get her disconnected and bring her out. Tell them it will be a few minutes." Susanna answered. She then walked into the bedroom and shut off the controller. Julie was fully involved in the program. Her mind was fully engaged with the commands. The first time she experienced her training after an hour her resistance to the commands was just weakening. However after the first session; in just a matter of minutes her mind had grasped the commands and they were now firmly implanted into her head. Simultaneously her body was now beyond her control. In addition to accepting the commands, her mind could only think of reaching the massive climax her body now craved. 

 When the controller suddenly stopped just as she was right on the precipice of an orgasm and it was gone. The vibrations, the tingling nipples, the clit bullet, the voices, everything stopped. With no stimulus, Julie screamed around the ball gag firmly filling her mouth. She desired, no needed, no craved stimulus, stimulus of any kind. 

 When Susanna pulled off her blindfold, Julie looked into her eyes and started to cry. "Mistress, what did I do wrong, I'm sorry mistress, what can this slut do to please you?" 

 Susanna smiled, although she wanted her training to continue for another couple of hours, maybe this would be enough. "It's OK, slut. Calm down." She said as she gently massaged her nipples as she removed the clips. "You did nothing wrong. A nurse is calling about your mother. She is not doing well and she needs to speak with you. I want you to gather your thoughts and speak to her. She wants you to come to the nursing home. I want you to tell her you can't be there till tomorrow. We will let you go there tomorrow but you must be back tomorrow evening. Can you do this?" Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 10 ****** bysadkins116© Julie looked around the room, she was very confused. She didn't remember that the call was bogus as well as everything from this afternoon. "Yes mistress your slave will do what you want." 

 "Good, get your shit together and follow me to the other room." Anita continued as she released the slave from her restraints. 

 Julie slowly rolled over and swung her legs over the side of the bed. Susanna helped her up and led her to the living room to talk to the nurse. 

 When Julie stepped into the living room, she blinked at the bright lights. As her vision cleared she noticed Anita sitting in an overstuffed chair, naked from the waist down and her legs draped over the arms. Dawn kneeling between her legs enthusiastically licking her cunt. Sandy right behind her reaming Dawn's ass with her tongue. 

 Susanna had walked to the end table and picked up the phone. She had her hand over the mouthpiece and said, "Remember slut, you can't get there until tomorrow and you have to be back here tomorrow night." 

 "Yes mistress." She answered as she took the phone. 

 "Hello," 

 "Julie Green? This is Candice Brown from Sunny Hill Nursing Home." Susan said, not knowing who might be listening. 

 "Yes this is Julie, what can I do for you Miss Brown?" Julie answered as her hand slipped down to her cunt and started to rub her clit. 

 "Julie, your mother has taken a turn for the worse. You need to come up here as soon as possible. Is there any way you can make it up here tonight?" 

 "OH-H-H-H N-N-O-O I CAN'T MAKE IT TONIGHT!" Julie answered as her fingers had her on the verge of a massive climax. 

 "Is everything OK? You seem to be in distress." 

 "Oh God, No I'm fine, but I can't leave tonight. I will be up there first thing tomorrow." 

 "OK Julie, but please call me if you will be delayed." Susan answered, hoping that this would get her out of the apartment. 

 Julie pushed the end button and looked at the two dominate teenagers. "I really have to get home. I need to get ready to go tomorrow morning. Please mistress, may I go home and pack?" Julie pleaded as her mind was clearing just a bit. She still didn't remember that the call was bogus, was only thinking of getting to the nursing home to see her mom. It was probably a good thing that she didn't remember, because both teens looked at the slave looking for any signs of deception. 

 Seeing the panicked look in her eyes, Susanna nodded and said. "Yes slut, go home and go visit your mother tomorrow morning. However tonight, when you get home, you are to make sure that Carrie is happy. She is spending time with your son. You are to do whatever it takes to keep her happy. She isn't going to tell you to do anything, however if she tells you she likes something, you are to suggest you do whatever it is no matter what it is. I don't want to hear about you not doing everything she suggests, and do it with enthusiasm. Do you understand slut?" 

 "Yes mistress, I will do as you say. I won't disappoint you, I promise. Thank you so much for letting me leave. Thank you mistress," Julie said while dropping to her knees and groveling at her mistress' feet. 

 Anita smiled as she looked down at the slave groveling at her feet. She knew that the new slave was almost trained. "OK slut, here is your coat; I don't know where the belt is so go without. When you get home just hold it closed unless Carrie suggests you would look better naked." 

 "Yes mistress," Julie answered as she picked up her phone, keys and walked out the door. Once she was outside her head started to clear a little more. She wasn't sure why but something was nagging in the back of her head. She smiled but wasn't sure why, but the night air felt good and things felt right. 

 Julie walked to her car and climbed into the driver's seat. "God I'm so fucking horny, how am I to function like this. Oh I hope Carrie lets me come or at least gives me some come." Julie said to no one. She sat there for a minute to let her head clear a little more before she started the car and headed home. 

 Susan and Cindy were sitting in Susan's car on the other side of the parking lot watching as Julie left. "Good she's out; I hope we got her out in time. We're going to need her help if we are going to rescue the slaves." Susan said looking at Cindy sitting beside her. 

 "She looks OK to me. What are we going to do now?" Cindy asked. 

 "We'll wait here for a minute to see if she is followed, if not I'm going to call her and find out if she knows anything more. After that we will just wait and see." 

 The two young women waited in the car watching the door to the apartment. When they didn't see anyone leave, Susan started the car and headed towards Julie's home. After leaving the parking lot, Susan opened her cell and dialed Julie's number. 

 "Hello?" Julie answered. 

 "Julie, this is Susan, are you OK?" 

 "Susan? Do I know you?" 

 "Yes you do, we met earlier today in your office. Do you remember? I called you on the way to Miss Reynolds apartment." 

 "Oh yeah, it's coming back to me. I'm sorry but I'm not thinking clearly right now. I need to get home and please Carrie before I go to visit my mother." 

 "JULIE, SNAP OUT OF IT. YOUR MOTHER IS FINE. IT WAS ME CALLING." Susan shouted. 

 "What? Oh it's coming back to me, but I need to follow my mistress' instructions. I need to get home." 

 "That's right, you need to go home and follow instructions. But first, do you know where the slaves are going to be tomorrow, and what are your instructions for your visit? 

 "All I know is that when I get home, I'm supposed to make Carrie happy. I'm to do anything she suggests. When she is done with me, I'm to go to bed and go to the nursing home tomorrow. I need to be back by five o'clock tomorrow evening. I'm then to come back to the apartment naked and wait for further instructions. I heard my mistress mention to her sister that she wants their slaves together for the night before the big party on Saturday. I don't know what she has planned but I'm not allowed to cum until Saturday. God I can't wait till Saturday!" 

 "Good Job Julie, you did well. Follow your instructions and tomorrow call me at this number when you leave your home. I will meet you and go with you to visit your mother. Don't tell anyone about me. If you do I will punish you. Do you understand?" 

 "OK, I will. Yes I understand. I will be leaving around eight am." 

 Susan ended the call and looked over at a confused Cindy. "What's wrong?" she asked. 

 "I don't understand, why the threat of punishment. Doesn't she understand we are helping her?" 

 "I'm afraid that we didn't get her out in time. It sounds like the programming has taken hold of her mind. She has been programmed to obey. Right now she only knows to do what she has been told to do. What I'm trying to is prevent her from telling anyone about us. She thinks I'm one of her mistresses, so I want her to follow my commands and keep us a secret from the others. Hopefully tomorrow when she wakes up, her mind might clear a little more and she will cooperate with us. If not we may have to restrain her till the other slaves are rescued. We will cross that bridge when we come to it, but we will need to be prepared." Susan answered. 

 "God this is so exciting, I feel like a secret agent or something. What are we going to do about the slaves, and what are we going to do next?" 

 "Right now we are going to Julie's house. After she goes inside, hopefully we can sneak up and get a vantage point and see what is happening. If we can, we are going to wait till this Carrie leaves and possibly enlist the help of her son. Right now we need all the help we can get." 

 "OK but when are you going to call the lawyer's office?" 

 "I have his cell number, when we get to Julie's house I'm going to call him and fill him in. From there on I have no idea. I've never done anything like this before. I'm just playing it by ear." 

 The balance of the ride to Julie's house was in silence. Both women were in deep thought, both were excited and scared. There were so many things that could go wrong. 

 

 

 

 

 Anita was coming down from the orgasm from Dawn's tongue. Sandy was still reaming out Dawn's ass as she was not told to stop. Dawn's head was on the floor and her ass was pointed up giving Sandy full access. She was in heaven as her ass was now a pleasure zone for her. Sandy's talented tongue with its decorations was hitting all the right spots. The only thing better would be if she would use her hand. 

 "God maybe her mistress would order the slave to fist her." 

 Susanna watched the slaves and smiled. "Had it only been six days since they started this process,"she thought. 

 In front of her was what were once two competent high school teachers; totally in charge of their lives. Now there was very little left of those two women. In their place were two horny submissive sex slaves. Eager to please their mistress and fulfill any perverted command given them. Watching Sandy eagerly shoving her tongue deep in Dawn's ass and savoring every minute was so exciting. Her pussy was so wet she could hardly wait for the slaves to satisfy her. 

 Anita was now in control of her body, the orgasm had run its course. "Slave, get your tongue out of her ass and stand up. I want to show off your decorations." 

 Sandy quickly stopped and struggled to her feet. She now stood with her legs spread as far as she could with the hobble chain still attached to her ankles. Her arms at her sides still clipped to her waist and her head bowed looking at the floor. 

 "Susanna, check out my slave! Do you like?" Anita asked, barely containing her excitement. 

 "Wow, I'm impressed," Susanna answered as she walked around inspecting the chained slave. "I really like the collar and shackles. I can't tell how they are attached, and the nipple chain is exquisite." She said as she pulled the chain over the sensitive buds. She then reached out and fingered the charms declaring the slaves submission. 

 Sandy moaned as Susanna kept pulling the chain out and over her nipples and clit. Her body responding as the links stimulated all three points simultaneously. Susanna noticed the slave's cunt leaking down her legs as it was obvious the slave was beyond excited. 

 Anita stood up and walked up to her slave. "Stick out your tongue slut. Check this out Susanna." She said as Sandy extended her tongue and Anita clipped on the leash. She then handed the leash to her sister. 

 "Oh My God that is so hot, leading her by her tongue, God that makes me horny." Susanna exclaimed as she pulled the leash and drags the slave around the room. "Drop to your knees slut, I want you to crawl." 

 Sandy dropped down and tried to follow her mistress, but it was difficult, her hands and feet still restrained. She could only scoot a few inches at a time and Susanna was pulling hard on the leash. 

 "Take it easy Susanna! The ring was just installed today. I don't want it pulled out. A split tongue will ruin her value." 

 "OK, OK, but god that's so hot. I want her to eat me now. I just know those toys are going to feel wonderful." 

 "You can have her in a minute; I want you to see something else. Grab your phone and check this out." Anita said as she took the leash from her sister and pulled the slave down till her head was on the ground. 

 "Pull up your shopping app and scan this." Anita directed her sister to the tattoo on Sandy's neck. 

 Susanna pulled up the app and pointed it at the symbol adorning the slave's neck. When the app responded Susanna gasped. "OH MY GOD, SHE'S A REGISTERD SLAVE!" Susanna shouted as she perused the website detailing the slave's history. "Wow I can't wait to register mine. You have to tell me how you did it." 

 "That's not all; I eliminated all of her possessions. She has resigned her job, closed all her accounts, donated all her furniture and moved out of her apartment. The slave has nothing but what you see. She is totally dependent on me. I can do anything I want with her, and after Saturday's party, everyone at school will know she is a slave, and by next week who knows where she will end up." 

 "Anita, are you sure you should do this? I mean if you walk in with a teacher, naked with a leash attached to her tongue you won't be able to keep this quiet. I don't care how much influence mom and dad have, you will get busted. We need to keep with the plan and have the slaves masked so no one knows who they are. Don't let this power trip go to your head." 

 "Ok, Ok, but wouldn't it be hot to have our slaves crawl into the party and suck and fuck everyone dry. Not only would it totally break them down, but no one would ever challenge us again because they would be afraid we might do this to them." 

 "Keep dreaming sis, now let's make use of these sluts, I'm so horny I can't stand it." 

 

 

 Julie arrived at her house and parked her car in the driveway. In spite of not having any stimulus at all, she was becoming more aroused by the second. She knew that inside was Carrie entertaining her son. She also knew that her mistress had something planned for her. The training ingrained in her mind, made it almost impossible to resist submitting to her son and the thought of doing just that was exploding through out her body. Julie opened the door and slid out of the seat; she looked down and noticed a large wet spot. Her cunt was absolutely gushing. Julie's body flushed with excitement. 

 Julie gathered her thoughts and walked to the door, holding her coat closed but not really caring if anyone saw her. When she opened the door she heard Alex and Carrie in the living room laughing. She took a deep breath and walked into the room. 

 Alex was the first to notice his mother standing in the doorway. "Oh geesh mom! Where are your clothes?" 

 Julie stood holding the short rain and shine coat closed as best she could. Even so, her tits and pussy were still slightly exposed. She looked down at the floor and said, "I visited a friend and we played some poker. I lost and this is all I have left." She lied. 

 Carrie laughed as she watched the slave try to make an excuse for her dress. "Well I think you should stay that way as punishment for losing so badly." 

 Julie didn't know what to do, she had to please Carrie but how could she without letting her son know about her slavery. 

 "You know Carrie, you're right, I will stay like this. I should know better. I'm sure this will teach me a lesson." 

 Alex and Carrie were sitting on the couch. Alex was dressed in a tank top and shorts. Carrie was dressed in a short crop top, short skirt and four inch stilettos. Carrie had her hand inside his shirt and was caressing his chest. 

 Alex looked at his sexy, nearly naked mother standing in the doorway; his cock was responding to the view and was making a tent in his shorts. Julie noticed his erection and moaned as the voices in her head screamed for her to drop to her knees and worship her son. Just as her knees started to buckle she heard Carrie call her name. 

 "Miss Julie, would you be so kind to go get us something to drink? I know I'm thirsty and I know Alex is too." 

 "I would be happy to serve you," Julie responded, "And please call me Julie." 

 "I like being waited on, it's kind of like having a maid don't you think?" 

 "If that would make you happy, I would be happy to be your maid for the evening. Just let me know what you want and I will do it for you." 

 "Wow, that's great and while you're at it take off that coat and put on an apron and high heels. That will complete the effect." 

 "Yes, Carrie." 

 "Oh, and it's Miss Carrie." 

 "Yes, Miss Carrie," Julie answered as she turned and went to her room to retrieve her shoes and get them their drinks. 

 Alex couldn't speak as he listened to the conversation between Carrie and his mom. His cock was hard as a rock, with Carrie stroking his chest and each stroke coming closer to his cock and his mom almost naked and agreeing to be their maid for the night. 

 Carrie looked up at him and said, "Wow your mom is hot, and so agreeable. I wonder how far we can push her. Let's see what she does when she gets back here." 

 Alex still couldn't speak and simply nodded. After the last few days and his mom parading around the house almost naked, his mind was fully accepting thoughts of her on her knees sucking him off. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 Susan and Cindy arrived at Julie's house just as Julie walked in the door. Cindy pointed out Julie's car as Susan pulled around the corner so they wouldn't be seen. Susan quickly dialed Jason Marshall's cell and waited for him to answer. 

 "Hello, this is Jason Marshall," He said. 

 "Hello Mr. Marshall, this is Susan Adams. I have some information for you about the teachers." She replied. 

 "Susan, glad you called. I was getting worried. We are cutting it close. Do you know where they will be tomorrow?" 

 "Sorry about the delay but we have been working on this all day. Yes, we found out that they are going to be at Dawn Reynolds' apartment all night tonight and all day tomorrow. I don't know what they have planned for them tomorrow but I'm pretty sure they are going to be at Dawn Reynolds's apartment tomorrow evening after five. They told Julie to be there at five. We think both slaves will be there then." 

 "I'm sorry Susan; I need more definite information than that. I can't have my team show up at the apartment and they not be there. That would blow the entire FBI bust. We can't have that. You need to confirm your information." 

 "Ok I understand, but right now plan on them being there after five and I will get back with you as soon as I confirm it." Susan answered. 

 "OK, but understand this has to be timed perfectly so as not to jeopardize the FBI operation. Please let me know quickly." He said as he ended the call. God this is going to be a cluster fuck. If we screw this up we might end up in jail too. 

 Susan looked at Cindy and moaned. He needs us to confirm our information before they can do anything. We need to figure out how to do that." 

 They quickly slipped out of the car and eased around the house. It was a single family ranch with a brick facade. There was a picture window in front and windows down the side. There were several overgrown bushes all down the side effectively blocking anyone's view from the street. Cindy and Susan hid behind the bushes and peeked in one of the side windows. Because of the bushes the blinds were wide open and they could see the entire living room. Susan pulled out a pocket knife from her purse and slid it under the window frame and pried the window up just a bit. She then used her fingers to open it just enough so they could hear any conversations. 

 Julie was just coming around the corner; she was wearing a little apron that didn't cover her tits and came to just below her pussy. Her entire back was exposed. She had five inch heels that strapped around her ankles. The watched as she scurried into the kitchen. They then heard Carrie say, "Let's see if she will crawl up when she brings our drinks. It's so sexy having someone serve you on their knees." 

 Alex started to say something but just as he opened his mouth, Carrie slid her hands into his short and grabbed his cock. Any thought of stopping her from humiliating his mother disappeared. 

 Julie returned a minute or so later, carrying a tray with three drinks. Just as she entered the door Carrie said, "Stop right there, I always wanted to have a maid serve me on her knees. It would make me happy if you would do this." 

 Julie's face flushed as the thought of crawling up to her son and Carrie was mortifying. Being almost naked make it even worse. But Julie could not resist her training, she had to please Carrie. "It would make me very happy to serve you on my knees, Miss Carrie." Julie dropped to the floor and carefully crawled to the couch. 

 Carrie giggled as the nearly naked submissive mother struggled to crawl across the room without spilling the drinks. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 10 ****** bysadkins116© "Three drinks? Why three drinks? There are only two of us." Carrie questioned. 

 "One of them is for me," Julie answered. 

 "Oh no, the servants do not drink with the masters. You will take that one back to the kitchen and pour it out. And just for presuming you are allowed a drink, you should crawl all the way." 

 Julie bowed her head as she handed them their drinks. "Yes, mistress, I mean Miss Carrie, I will do as ordered." She then turned and crawled towards the kitchen. 

 Alex couldn't believe his ears, his mother submitting to Carrie like she was her slave. Just as he started to lean forward to stop his mom, Carrie pulled his cock out of his shorts and kissed the tip. Alex moaned as Carrie licked around the head and nibbled down the side. 

 Carrie then leaned back and gave him a deep kiss while slowly stroking his cock. Alex dropped back in his seat, deciding not to interfere and just watch. 

 Julie arrived back a couple of minutes later. Now she didn't have the tray so she was crawling in all fours. As she arrived at their knees, she sat back her ass on her heels and said. "Will there be anything else, Miss Carrie?" 

 "That's better; you might make a good servant yet. You know I had a girlfriend once that loved to massage my feet. I always thought she was a little weird but I loved it. So I kept her around. I haven't had a good foot message for a long time. It would make me happy if you would take her place." 

 "I would be happy to massage your feet mistress, I mean Miss Carrie." Julie reached down and lifted Carrie's right foot and removed her stiletto. Carrie was now sitting with her left foot, still wearing the pointed stiletto, right between Julie's legs. Her right foot was now being massaged right in front of Julie's face. 

 Carrie smiled as she watched the submissive mother kneeling before her rubbing her foot. She then moved her other foot up just a bit and touched Julie's cunt. Julie gasped as the shoe slipped just inside her soaking wet slit. 

 Julie's mouth was open as the shoe was slowly moving in and out, up and down, driving her arousal levels to an almost uncontrollable level. 

 Carrie noticed her reaction and took advantage. "Servant, you are licking your lips. My girlfriend used to do that too, but when she did it she wanted to lick my toes. Is that what you want?" 

 "Yes mistress, I would love to lick your toes. May I please lick your toes, mistress?" 

 "Why yes of course. Please do slave." 

 Both Carrie and Alex noticed that Julie was now calling her mistress. Alex's prick jumped at the thought of a slave mother. Carrie's constant stroking didn't help matters. His brain was shut down and watching his mother being dominated was like a fantasy come true. 

 Carrie watched as Julie extended her tongue and started to lick each toe, starting with the big toe and continuing down till she had licked each one. She then started to push up on her shoe in the slave's cunt. "Do you like that slave? Do you want more?" 

 "Oh God Yes I love it, please more." 

 Carrie then pushed her toes into the slut's mouth. Julie now had all five toes in her mouth and was lavishing her tongue all around each one. Carrie pushed up some more and now her shoe was buried toes deep inside her pussy. 

 "Do you want more? Show me how much you want. The more you take the more you get." 

 Julie understood exactly what she meant. The shoe in her cunt wasn't deep enough to satisfy her urges, she needed it deeper. She looked at her mistress sitting in front of her, openly stroking her son's cock while nibbling at his nipples. The sight was so erotic that without thinking she leaned forward and took Carrie's foot deep in her mouth, shoving her toes to the entrance of her throat, all the while using her tongue to caress every square inch. 

 Carrie moaned and pushed her foot higher and it was now buried almost to her ankle. She then watched as Julie started to fuck herself on her foot. 

 "OH MY GOD, what are you doing slut? Are you fucking my foot? Look at my shoe, it's all gross. You got your slime covering my shoe. Get down there and clean it off slave." 

 Julie's eyes popped open as Carrie pulled her foot out of her cunt. She looked at her son and blushed down to her toes. She was almost naked, deep throating a teenager's foot, while fucking herself with her other foot. She was beyond embarrassed. She was mortified. Julie quickly dropped down and started to lick her fluids off the designer shoe. 

 Alex watched in amazement as his mother, the bastion of conservatism was humiliating herself in front of him and getting off on it. Not only that but one of the hottest girls in school was stroking his cock. He was no longer thinking with his brain, but with his cock, and right now he wanted to cum. 

 Carrie was watching closely at Julie licking her shoe. She watched as her eyes were locked on her son's enormous cock, as Carrie was slowly stoking it. 

 "Alex, I think your slut mommy wants your cock. She can't take her eyes off it. Is this what you want slut?" 

 Julie could no longer resist. She looked up at the two teenagers sitting above her and vigorously nodded her head. 

 "Well that's perverted, slut, you want to suck your son's cock. I can't let that happen. However I can let you watch me fuck him." Carrie said as she straddled Alex's body and lowered her pussy on his shaft. Both Carrie and Julie moaned as he slid deeper into her body. Julie was now sitting between her son's legs, looking up watching her baby fucking the beautiful young woman in front of her. 

 Carrie threw her head back as Alex started to rapidly pump in and out of her love canal. She glanced back at the horny mother and said, "Slave, it would make me very happy to have my ass kissed. Would you be so kind?" 

 "Yes, mistress," Julie answered as she lowered her head and extended her tongue into the crack of her ass. 

 

 

 Susan and Cindy were mesmerized by the scene in front of them. Both women were panting watching the young teenager dominate the submissive mother. Susan snapped out of it first. She grabbed Cindy and whispered. "We have to stop this; Julie is not in her right mind. She has no control over her mind or body. If we don't stop this their relationship might be ruined forever." 

 "But it already might be ruined. What good would it be to stop it now?" 

 "They haven't actually had sex yet. Even after all this they haven't done it. Even if they go ahead and do it later when she has her mind back, it would be better than when she has no control. Come on, I have an idea." Susan quickly left the safety of the bushes and walked around to the front door. 

 Julie was now probing her tongue deep into Carrie's ass. She was savoring every minute as she had never been so close to the object of her desires. She slipped her tongue out of the ass and slowly slid it closer to the cock pumping in and out of Carrie's cunt. 

 Suddenly there was a knock at the front door. Julie jumped back and Carrie gasped, "Who could that be? Are you expecting anyone?" 

 "I don't know who it is and no I'm not expecting anyone," Alex answered as he pushed Carrie off and onto the couch. Carrie quickly grabbed her clothes and slipped on her top. Julie had nothing to wear and was not told to dress so she just sat on the floor and waited on instructions. 

 Alex stood and walked to the door. He peeked out the window and saw two tall beautiful young woman standing on the porch. He opened the door a crack and asked, "Yes, what can I do for you?" 

 "I'm sorry to bother you but my car broke down and I was wondering if I could call a friend to come get me?" Susan answered. 

 "Don't you have a cell phone?" 

 "No, my phone died and it's really dark out here. May I please make a call?" 

 "Just a minute, I'll be right back." He said as he closed the door and turned to the two women in the living room. "It's someone who needs help. I have to let her in. Mother, I want you to go to your room and wait till I call you out. Carrie, get dressed." 

 Carrie scowled and grabbed her skirt and shoes and slipped them on. Meanwhile Julie stood and walked to her room, her mind totally confused and now was on autopilot. 

 Alex turned back to the door, bent over and pulled his shorts up and opened the door. "Come in, the phone is on the desk." 

 "Thank you; I was getting scared out there. It is really dark. Do you mind if I wait here till my ride arrives?" 

 "No problem, come into the living room when you are finished." 

 Alex walked into the living room and looked at Carrie, she was obviously upset. 

 

 "Why can't she wait outside?" she said. 

 "Look, I'm not going to let her stand outside just so you can have sex. I'm not totally comfortable with how you were treating my mom. I think you should leave." Jack said to her. 

 Carrie huffed and walked past Alex out to the hall. When she walked past Susan she glared at her, walked out the door, and slammed it shut. Susan smiled as she pretended to be placing the call. 

 Two minutes later a soft knock was heard at the front door. Alex answered it and in walked Cindy. 

 "Your friend must have been really close, she is already here," Alex said to Susan as he led Cindy into the living room. 

 "Actually Alex, I have a confession to make. My car wasn't really broken. I just used that as an excuse to get into your house," Susan answered. 

 "I'm confused, why would you do that, and how do you know my name?" 

 "OK, you better sit down, this is a long story and you need to hear it all before you do anything." 

 Alex looked at the two women and nodded. Susan and Cindy sat down on the couch as Alex sat in the side chair. 

 "Alex, we decided to use the ruse to stop you from doing something you might regret later. You see your mother is not in her right mind. She has been brainwashed and is under the control of the Martinez twins." 

 "What, this is bullshit. How did you know what we were going to do?" 

 "We have been following the twins as they have taken control of a couple of teachers in your school and made them sex slaves. We believe that your mother caught the teachers and crossed paths with Anita and Susanna. From there the twins took control of her and forced her to obey them. Have you noticed her acting strangely in the last few days? 

 "As a matter of fact she has. Up until a couple of days ago, I never saw my mother naked. Suddenly she is nearly naked and beating off in the living room. Since then she has been keeping away from here. I hadn't really seen her till this evening when she came home wearing only a coat." 

 "We know, we followed her home from one of the teacher's apartment. We watched from the window and when we saw her start to have sex with you and the other girl we decided to stop it. I don't care if you have sex with her, but she should be aware of it and not controlled by someone else," Susan answered. 

 "You were watching? Where were you? You watched Carrie dominate my mom? 

 "I'm Sorry Alex, we were outside the window. We knew your mom was at Miss Reynolds' apartment and we managed to get her out hopefully before they could finish their training. We followed her home and slipped around the side of your house by the window. Your blinds were open and we could see everything." 

 "Miss Reynolds, she was at Miss Reynolds apartment. Is she one of the slaves? I heard something in school about her and Miss Hauser acting weird. Are they the teachers who are the sex slaves?" 

 "Yes it's them. I don't know how the twins did it but they have complete control of them and we think they are about to be sold as slaves. We think they were about to do the same thing to your mom. The reason we are here is we need your help. We need to stop them but we can't do it without you and your mother's help." 

 "Wow that's a lot to take in. I'm not sure I believe you. That is a pretty wild story." 

 "I have trouble believing it myself." Susan said as she started to fill in the blanks in her story. After about ten minutes she had finished telling Alex everything except the FBI planned bust, Alex sat back and thought for a few moments. 

 "I'm still not convinced of everything you say, but I know my mom has been acting very strange. Is there some way you can confirm your story?" 

 "Well, as near as we can determine, your mother has been programmed to obey your commands as well as their orders, no matter what. We also believe they have somehow programmed her to not climax without permission. They are keeping her in a constant state of arousal making her more submissive as her body is craving release." 

 "That's pretty farfetched. How can we prove it?" 

 "Where is your mom?" 

 "She is in her room." 

 "Call her out here. I'm sure if you tell her to do something that she would never have done in a million years before she will do it now." 

 "I just sent her to her room and told her to wait till I told her to come out. She was naked at the time. I'm sure she has dressed by now. I'll call her and we can test your theory." 

 "I'll bet she is still naked and will walk out here without hesitation. She will also do anything you tell her." 

 Alex looked at the two women and turned towards the hall. "Mom, would you come out here?" 

 Everyone watched the hall as Julie walked out into the living room, still naked and knelt down in front of the trio in the middle of the room. She did not try to hide her body in anyway. She only knelt in the middle of the room and waited for instructions. 

 As Alex watched his mouth opened but no sound came out. He was shocked as his mother would never have exposed herself to him let alone strangers. "Why didn't you dress, mother?" 

 "I was not told to dress. I'm not allowed to wear clothes at home any more. I'll dress if you want, Alex." 

 Alex didn't know what to say. He just sat there and looked at his sexy mother, naked and kneeling on the floor. 

 "Alex, I know this is strange, but you need to tell her to do something, something that you know she would never do." 

 "God this is weird. I don't know what to tell her. After what Carrie made her do, I'm not sure what I should do." 

 "Do you think she would have sex with you before the last few days?" 

 "No, absolutely not, but nothing is normal right now." 

 "OK, tell her to beg to suck your cock. If she does it you should have your proof." 

 "Wow, this is really strange. We are talking about her as if she is not even here," Alex said as her looked down at his submissive mother. 

 "Mom, are you excited?" 

 "Oh god yes, I'm so excited I can't stand it. Please Alex help me," Julie answered. 

 "OK mom, I'll help you, but only if you beg to suck my cock" Alex demanded. 

 Julie's face lit up as she started to crawl over to her son, "Oh God Alex, please let me pleasure you, I need your cock. Please son take control of this lowly slave and claim your prize. Please I beg you to allow me to suck that wonderful cock and drink your cum." 

 Alex watched in amazement as his mother crawled between his legs and slid her hands up his thighs and into his shorts. Just as her hands touched his cock, he jumped and pushed her away. "Stop it right now. Go back to the middle of the room." 

 Julie looked totally devastated as her master had rejected her. "Please master, I'm sorry I didn't do a good enough job of begging. Please give me another chance. I promise to do better. I need your cock and more importantly your cum." 

 "Ok you have convinced me. What do we do now?" 

 "I don't know. I've never seen anything like this before. All I know is we need her help to free the teachers. We need to somehow break their control of her. I'm sure if we can break the programming she can help us arrange a rescue of the other two," Susan answered looking at Alex. 

 "Do you have any ideas on how to do that? I mean like a cold shower or something." 

 "No we need to override her training. We know that she has to obey the twins and you. She also cannot climax without permission. That is all we know about her training. Maybe if we can get her to disobey a command it will break her out of it." 

 "Yeah well I doubt we can use the twins, and if what you say is true, there is no way we can get her to refuse their commands. And the way she did what I told her I don't think she will refuse me." 

 "Then I guess we are going to have to make her climax without permission. If we can make her orgasm, maybe her mind will snap back and realize she has the control not the twins or you." 

 "Now I am confused, first you come in here stopping her from committing incest and now you want me to help her orgasm. Which is it?" 

 "No what we need to do is overload her body with stimulus until her brain gives in and allows her body to orgasm. The last thing you need to do is allow her to fuck or suck you. I think the twins gave her the command to seduce you into committing incest. If you allow that we are playing into their hands." 

 "Julie, what did the twins order you to do?" 

 "I am not allowed to come without permission. I am to make Carrie happy, to do anything she suggests. I am also to do as my son commands. The only thing that gives me relief is cum. If I can eat some cum, it relieves my craving for an orgasm. If my son decides to let me suck his cock or fuck me, I'm to call them up on Face Time and broadcast the event to them. I begging anyone, please let me make you cum." 

 Alex listened to his mother and in spite of the situation he was getting excited. His cock was tenting his shorts. He was embarrassed as he tried to hide it from the women sitting in his living room. Susan noticed him squirming in his seat and smiled at him. 

 "Alex, don't worry about that, it's OK, it's only normal to be excited to have complete control over someone else. Maybe we can use that cock of yours to increase her arousal and make her orgasm." 

 "Alex blushed and nodded his head. "Where do we go from here?" 

 "Let's take her to the bedroom and get started." Susan answered as she stood and walked down the hall. 

 Just as they walked into the bedroom, they heard a knock at the front door.. 

 

 

 

 I'm sorry about the how long it is takeing between chapters. I'm trying to bring everything to a logical conclusion. As there are now several characters and several story lines, blending everything together to reach the end is proving difficult. Please be patient. I am working on chapter 11 and hope to have it ready for the editor in a week or so. I really would like to know what you think of this last chapter. Please comment and vote. 

 Thanks Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 11 ****** bysadkins116© I want to thank everyone who has commented on the previous chapters. As you can tell I am finishing this series. You can only go so long before it is redundant and boring. This story is a fantasy; this should not and would not happen in real life. Being as this is fantasy several things included are not even possible. There is no such thing as a Mind Bender, and women would not put themselves in such a position. However, I am working to bring this story to as logical conclusion as possible. I expect that chapter 12 will end this adventure. I welcome your comments, both positive and negative. As this was my first foray into writing, I have learned a lot. I'm not sure if I will continue with another series or not. I am thinking of a few ideas but nothing concrete as yet. 

 I want to thank HMauthor for her help in editing this story. Her advice and editing really helped me. 

 ***** 

 Susanna and Anita were lying in Dawn's bed making full use of their slaves. Although the two sisters had used the slaves before in front of each other, this time it was different, before it was one of the sisters using a slave while the other was doing something else. This time both sisters were naked and lying next to each other, while a slave was servicing her mistress. Dawn was kneeling beside Susanna as she lay on her back with her hands over her head. Dawn nibbled on her left nipple while her right hand was stroked the inside of her upper legs. As Dawn's hand slid closer to her labia, Susanna's breathing became labored. The slut knew just how her mistress liked to be touched; she had done it many times in the last week. She knew her mistress was getting closer to an orgasm but knew better than to make her come before given permission. 

 All the while as Dawn was working on her mistress, Sandy was servicing Anita. Anita lay in the opposite direction as her sister, her head slightly lower than her sister's cunt. Sandy was kneeling between Anita's legs, which were drawn up to her chest. Sandy eyes were just above her cunt and her tongue firmly planted in Anita's ass. 

 As the two sisters were basking in their slaves attention, Anita looked over at Susanna's hairless cunt. It was leaking down into the crack of her ass. She had never had the desire to be with a woman before, but that was before she had experienced the feeling of a woman licking her cunt. She had watched as her slave went from openly deploring licking her pussy and ass to eagerly tasting all her charms. Anita would never lick her slave's cunt but the thought of tasting her sister was suddenly enticing. She wouldn't have to lower herself to licking a slave, and she could be assured that her sister would keep it a secret. 

 Anita slowly slid her hand between Susanna's legs and slid her fingers up her slit. She gathered the fluid and brought her hand back to her mouth. As she tentatively stuck out her tongue and tasted her sister's moisture she was struck as to how sweet it tasted. She quickly inserted her finger into her mouth and sucked the precious fluid down her throat. As she started to do it again, Susanna suddenly sat up. Anita thought she was mad at her until she spoke. 

 "Anita, how did Julie's cell end up in the apartment? I know she had it at school; I called her during the day. I made her drive home naked and she was waiting for me on the doorstep when I arrived. How did she get the phone in here? And what's more important, why?" 

 Anita looked at her twin and thought about it for a moment. Her mind was cloudy as Sandy was still working on her ass. "Stop slave! What's the problem Sis? So she brought in her phone. So what if she did no big deal." 

 "Really, the first time she brings her cell with her she gets a call. It just so happens that her mother is sick and she has to leave. Something isn't right. I think she's up to something. What was the name of the home?" 

 "I think it was Sunny something home for the decrepit. The woman's name was Candice Brown though." 

 "That's it, Sunny Hill Nursing Home. Yeah, her name was Candice. I'm calling the home. I think something is up," Susanna said while looking up the home on the internet. 

 Within a minute, Susanna learned that the home didn't call, and there was no Candice working there. "We need to go to Julie's. She's trying to pull something. We need to stop it right now and get her back here. Come on Nita, get dressed, we gotta go." Susanna quickly got up and grabbed her clothes. Anita groaned as she was very aroused but understood the importance of what her sister had said. 

 Five minutes later, both slaves were instructed as to what to do and the girls walked out the door. Susanna driving looked at her sister and said, "Did you touch my pussy?" 

 Anita looked down at the floor and nodded. 

 "Oh, did you do anything else?" 

 Anita looked at her sister and nodded again, "Yeah, I tasted your pussy. I don't know why but I just felt so close to you and you were right there. You're not telling anyone are you?" 

 "Oh no, absolutely not, I won't tell anyone. I'm actually glad you did. I've wanted to do exactly that for a while but was afraid. I'm not gay or anything, but I just want to try it." 

 Anita breathed a sigh of relief. Her sister felt the same as her. She leaned over and gave her twin a hug. The rest of the trip was in silence. 

 As they pulled up to Julie's house, Anita looked over to Susanna and said, "What are you going to do?" 

 "I don't know, but we need to get her back to the apartment and finish the training. First let's find out who's helping her. I don't see Carrie's car. I guess she left." 

 The two young women quickly got out of the car and walked to the door. Susanna knocked, waited and listened. She heard some shuffling and some muffled voices. She couldn't hear what was said, but she was sure that at least one of the voices was a woman's voice. She knocked again and Alex peeked out the window. When he saw the twins there was a look of surprise in his face as he opened the door. 

 "Anita, Susanna, what are you doing here?" 

 "We came to see your mother. She has been doing some things for us and we need to see her. Where is she?" 

 "I'm sorry but she is in bed. She came home and was very tired and she decided to crash," He answered. 

 "Well you need to wake her. She's not finished with her job and she needs to finish it. Which room is hers?" Susanna said as she started to push past Alex. 

 "Stop right there, Susanna. She's sleeping and I'm not waking her. You'll have to come back tomorrow." 

 "I don't think so; I think she wants to come with us. JULIE, WAKE UP AND GET OUT HERE NOW!" Susanna called. 

 "What do you mean she wants to come with you? Just exactly what do you want her to do?" Alex looked at the twins as the anger was rising in his head. 

 Anita saw this wasn't going well and changed tactics. "Alex, chill dude, she's helping us with planning the party Saturday. We need her help with the decorations and organizing things. Nothing more, she's been a great help. She told us if we needed anything to come get her. Go ahead and ask her. Tell her we want her to come with us and if she says no we'll go. But I don't think she will." Anita said with her bedroom eyes and pouty face. She turned on the charm and moved closer to him. Just as she was right in front of him she slid her hand up his leg just below his cock. 

 Alex was distracted by the change, and when she touched his leg, his cock instantly hardened, threatening to pop out of his shorts. Anita noticed his distraction and took full advantage, sliding her hand up further and cupping his balls. Alex groaned as his big head stopped working and his little head was taking over. 

 Anita was now right in front of him, her tits were brushing against his bare chest increasing his arousal and further drawing him under her spell. She leaned forward and lightly kissed his nipple, then nibbled it lightly. Alex's eyes closed as Anita's actions were clouding his brain. He didn't even notice that her other hand was now in his shorts and was stroking his cock. 

 "Come on Alex, just call her out here and ask her if she want to go with us. If not we'll leave and catch her tomorrow." 

 Alex was now totally aroused. After spending the evening with Carrie constantly working him up, and being stopped in mid fuck, he needed a release. Anita's actions were exactly what his body craved. 

 "Mom, come out here I need to ask you a question." Alex called down the hall. 

 Cindy and Susan were panicking standing by the door in Julie's room. They were listening through the door. "What are we going to do?" Cindy asked 

 "We can't let her go out there. She won't be able to resist them. We've got to think of something before they get their hands on her again. Quick, get her on the bed." 

 Cindy quickly led Julie to the bed and laid her down on her back. Meanwhile Susan took off her pants and panties and straddled the prone slave. Placing her knees of each side of her head she said. "Eat me slut and don't stop till I tell you!" 

 Just as Susan was in position and Julie was licking her pussy, Alex called for his mother. Susan quickly closed her legs around the slaves head keeping her from hearing his voice. "Cindy, you may have to go out there and help him." 

 "How am I to do that?" 

 "I don't know, tell them that you are his girlfriend or something." 

 "What about Carrie?" 

 "I know, tell them you surprised him by stopping over and chased her away. Then get their hands off him and get them out of here." 

 Cindy thought about it for a minute, grabbed the bottom of her top and whipped it over her head. As she wasn't wearing a bra, her tits popped out firm and proud. She then grabbed her shorts and shoved them down her legs, leaving her naked except for her panties. She then opened the door and walked down the hall. 

 Susanna heard the door and smiled as she thought it was Julie. But the smile quickly faded as a nearly naked Cindy walked out into the hall. 

 "Alex, I didn't know we had guests. Hi Anita, Susanna, what are you doing here?" 

 "Cindy, where's Julie?" Anita replied. 

 "She's sleeping; I just stopped by to visit my boyfriend." Cindy answered as she moved close to Alex and pushed the hand off his cock. "I surprised him when I stopped by and found him with that skank Carrie. I know what she's like so I made sure she knew it was time to leave. We're about to go to bed and his mom is sleeping like the dead. So if you don't mind, it's time for you to leave." 

 Alex was now totally confused, first Carrie was seducing him and dominating his mom. Then a strange woman arrived with a story out of the twilight zone. Now there were two women fighting over him. Just as Cindy's hand grabbed his cock, his mind cleared. There should be no reason for the twins to be at his house, unless what Susan had told him was true. 

 He looked down at Cindy and smiled, "Yeah she saved my bacon by coming by. If she hadn't I might have ruined the best thing to ever happen to me." He reached down and pulled her hand off his cock, "Not right now sweetheart, wait till they leave. Sorry ladies but mom is still out. You'll have to go." 

 Susanna was furious. They both knew Cindy from school and she knew something was up. Susanna wasn't about to quit that easily, she quickly started to walk past Alex and down the hall. Alex noticed and stepped in front of her. He was a large man and towered over her. "Don't even think about it, Susanna," He said as he grabbed her arm and shoved her against the wall. "It's time for you to go, now." 

 Susanna realized that Alex was serious and slid out towards the door. "OK, OK, you don't have to get rough. We'll talk to her tomorrow." The two teens quickly opened the door and left. Alex sighed and looked down at the naked Cindy. "Wow, I guess you really do want to help. I would never have guessed you had such feelings for me." Alex said and broke out in a loud laugh. 

 Cindy suddenly realized what she had done and turned a bright shade of red, blushing down to her toes. Alex's comment broke the tension and she joined him in laughing. She looked up at him and for the first time, really looked at him. Here she was naked in a strange house, standing in front of a very handsome guy, who was also almost naked. She had just shoved her hand in his shorts in front of two very dangerous young women, the same young women that had enslaved three grown women at school. After her experience with them at school her junior year she knew that this wasn't over. They would be back and more dangerous than ever. 

 Alex looked down at the pretty college student still standing right in front of him. She had her hands on his chest and was blushing profusely. He leaned over and wrapped his arms around her and held her close. He kissed her lightly on her cheek and said. "Don't worry about those two; I'll not let them do anything to you." 

 Cindy slid her arms around his body and soaked in the moment. "God I hope so, cause if they can do that to your mom I don't know if I'm strong enough to fight them." Cindy started to tell him about the FBI but thought better about it. She would let Susan tell him. 

 The two broke the hug and turned to walk down the hall holding hands. When they opened the door Alex gasped. His mother was lying on the bed with her head firmly planted between Susan's legs, eating her pussy. Susan was right on the verge of a massive orgasm; when the door opened she climaxed, squirting her juices all over the slave mother. 

 "Alex, I didn't know what to do," Susan panted, trying to gain control of her body. I couldn't let her hear their voices, she would have come running out to them. This was the only way I could do it. I'm sorry, please forgive me." Susan rolled off Julie and knelt on the bed beside her. Julie was taking her fingers and gathering Susan's cum and pushing it into her mouth. She was staring at her son's cock all the while. 

 Alex looked down at the pair and said. "This has got to be the strangest day ever. I've never had this many naked women at one time, ever! He watched his mom eagerly licking up Susan's come, her eyes glazed over with lust. "We don't have much time I'm afraid, those two will be back. We have to break their spell quickly. I don't think they will take no for an answer next time." 

 Anita and Susanna stormed out to their car. Susanna screamed at Anita that they needed to go back in and get their slave. Anita looked at her sister and said, "Shut up sis, I need to think. There is something else going on here. Cindy is not who's behind this. There's someone else involved. Until we find out who that is we can't go barging back inside. Let's go home and talk to dad. He will know what to do." 

 The two teens climbed into the car and drove home. Anita knew her dad was going to be pissed. 

 Sandy and Dawn were left in the apartment when the twins left. Their instructions were clear; the twins had tied the two slaves together. Dawn was lying on top of Sandy; their hands were clipped to each other's ankles. Their mouths were filled with penis gags and inserted into the other cunt. They had then locked their collars to the waist chains preventing them from doing anything but fucking each other. They were to not allowed to climax and were not to stop fucking the cunt in front of their face. 

 Just before Anita left, she blindfolded both slaves and put headsets over their ears. She then turned on the audio, just to remind them of their commands. Although both were fully accepting their slavery, she didn't want to leave anything to chance. She wanted to make sure no one would ever break their hold on the slaves. 

 It had now been almost six hours since their mistress' left. Both slaves were exhausted, but as soon as either of them stopped fucking the other, the controller zapped them with a quick shot of electricity. Waking them and keeping them on the verge of an orgasm. The bed was soaked with sweat and fluids leaking from their highly aroused bodies. The voices were constantly bombarding its message deep in their brains. Now the only thing each desired was to please her mistress and make the other climax. Just after dawn the twins returned. Both slaves were no longer coherent. They were now only barely functioning. 

 Anita and Susanna turned off the controller and released the slaves. Dawn rolled off Sandy and opened her eyes. For the first time in what seemed like days she was not being fucked. She looked down at Sandy, who was still pushing her cunt up looking for the cock that had been fucking her. 

 Susanna walked to the case with the toys and grabbed a riding crop. She returned to the bed and brought it down hard on Sandy's aroused pussy. The sound reverberated around the room, followed by a wail from deep within Sandy's body. After three more blows, she turned her attention to Dawn. Both slaves were now writhing in pain as Susanna rained blow after blow on the exposed slave's tender lips. Soon both were begging to please their mistress's, promising to do anything they desired. 

 Anita stopped her sister and yelled, "Who is helping Julie?" 

 Dawn looked up at the angry teen and cried, "Mistress, this lowly slave has no idea what you want. Julie never said anything. We didn't even talk to her. Please mistress have mercy." 

 Anita let Susanna continue beating the slaves until they both were lying in a fetal position begging her to stop. "Stop, Susanna, they don't know anything. Call dad and let him know. He'll take it from here." 

 Susanna dropped the crop and walked to her purse; she grabbed her cell and pushed the speed dial for home. "Hey dad, no help here, they don't know anything. What are you going to do? OK, what do you want us to do? OK, what should we do with the slaves? OK, we'll call you later when we get to school." 

 "What did he say?" Anita asked. 

 "He has men watching Julie's house, he said that he will grab whoever is there and bring them to the dungeon and take care of them. We're to leave the slaves here and go to school. He wants us to find out if anyone visited Julie yesterday at school. We're supposed to get back to him with anything we find out." 

 "What'll do we do with the slaves?" Anita asked as she looked down at the cowering slaves. 

 "He said we are to go ahead with our plans. So I guess when we get back from school, we go ahead and get their outfits and get them ready the party. We're going to have to guess Julie's size if dad hasn't got her. I got an idea, after we finish, let's let some of the guys have a little taste before the party. I want them totally broken by the end of the weekend. That means I want their minds completely compliant, without morals, totally accepting their slavery, including Julie," Susanna said with a scowl. 

 "I know; we'll put them back on the Mind Bender while we are gone. I want your slut to never be able to come again unless she is humiliated, and as for the other one, unless something is in her ass, forget about it." Susanna was on a roll now, "When we get Julie back here, I want her begging to fuck anything with a cock, especially her son's." 

 Anita looked at her sister; she had never seen her like this before. The look on her face was pure evil. When she finished with these women, they would never be able to recover. 

 "OK, give me a minute; it'll take me a little while to get the verbal commands recorded." Anita said as she walked to the bedroom to start the process. 

 Thirty minutes later, Anita walked into the living room. "Everything is set; help me get the slaves ready." 

 "OK, what do you want?" Susanna asked. 

 "I want to tie them up till they can't move. I want clips on their nipples, cunt lips, and tongues. Make sure we use the largest vibrators and plugs. I've set the controls to the max, so there will be no going back after this. There will be no resistance when the program is finished." Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 11 ****** bysadkins116© "How long will it take?" Susanna asked. 

 "I'm not sure, three, maybe four hours at least. We'll leave them here while we pick up their outfits. We can't stop the programming once it starts. I don't know what would happen if we did." 

 "Slaves, climb on the bed, just like you were before." Anita said to the cowering slaves kneeling in the corner. Both of the slaves had looks of terror as they had heard exactly what was said. 

 Sandy was the first to react, "Oh God, please mistress, I won't resist, please, please don't do this. I will do anything you wish. I will never disobey you. Please mistress don't hook me up to that machine." 

 Dawn could not resist, her training from previous sessions had shut her down. She slowly rolled onto her knees and crawled over to the bed. In spite of her body obeying, her mind was petrified. She understood what the machine could do. She knew that this was the end of her life, she was a slut slave. 

 Susanna heard Sandy's begging and stormed over to the closet. She reached into the case and pulled out a flogger. She turned and walked to the cum slut, raised her arm and brought it down with a viscous blow across the slaves back. Sandy screamed as a large red welt marked her back. Anita quickly grabbed a gag and strapped it into place. 

 "You will never hesitate again slut!" Susanna screamed as she rained blow after blow down on the naked slave. 

 Dawn seeing her fellow slave was being savagely beaten, quickly took her position on the bed. Accepting her fate as Anita tied her up and connected the clips. Just as she finished inserting the plug and vibrators, Susanna stopped whipping the cowering slave. Sandy was begging to get into position, her back, legs, and chest had angry welts striping her body. 

 As soon as the blows stopped, Sandy, as quickly as her screaming body would allow, followed Dawn into position on the bed. Ten minutes later she was totally helpless and connected to the controller. 

 "OK, sis, turn it on, it's time to get to school. We need to find out who is helping Julie," Anita said. 

 Susanna flipped the switch and followed her sister out the door. 

 Dawn and Sandy lay on the bed. Both had their legs tied together and pulled back towards their heads. The twins had attached their feet to the headboard, exposing their cunts and asses. Inserted into their cunt was a ten inch penis shaped vibrator, at least three inches in diameter. In their ass was an anal plug that was six inches in length, three inches in diameter at its widest, and firmly planted deep inside their bowels. Both probes were AC powered and would not die. Their hands were tied above their heads. Anita and Susanna had not only tied their bodies to the bed; they had secured it to the foot-board. Their efforts were rewarded as neither slave could move. 

 Sandy had only been exposed to the controller overnight and the commands were pretty general. She had no idea of what was in store for her. Dawn on the other hand; knew exactly what was about to go down. As soon as the vibrators stopped she knew the clips would start the pain. Even this early in the process, she was not strong enough to resist the verbal commands. Already she was accepting the instructions. 

 Sandy's body, already highly aroused and hurting all over, was trying to ignore the verbal commands flowing through her brain. The vibrators, deep in her ass, pussy and clipped to her clit ring were going in full force. Each doing their part to break her resistance to the commands, just as her body was cresting the mountain to a massive climax, the clips came to life. Unlike the slow build to pain, they started at three quarter power, immediately electrifying the nipples and lips of her cunt. The clip attached to her tongue ring coming to life, shocking her brain and temporarily stunning her. The ensuing shocks erasing all thoughts, only to be replaced by the verbal commands bombarding her mind. 

 You crave humiliation. You need to cum. You cannot cum without humiliation. You will obey your mistress. You love to lick ass. You need to serve. You are a slut. You are a possession. You crave humiliation. You need to cum. You cannot cum without humiliation. 

 Over and over, never stopping, pain, pleasure, commands, continuous cycles, over and over. Sandy's world was now centered on her body and the stimulus. There was nothing else. 

 Dawn was fully engaged with the programming. She had learned that to resist was useless. After each session, Dawn's mind was drawn deeper into submission. There was nothing more to her world than pleasing her mistress. As each cycle ran its course, Dawn mind accepted that the only true pleasure center on her body was her ass. 

 You crave having your ass filled. Your orgasms come from your ass. You crave cum. You cannot cum without something in your ass. The more your ass is filled the better your orgasm. You will do whatever to fill your ass. 

 Sandy and Dawn no longer knew where they were. There was nothing outside their bodies. Each absorbing the stimulus and commands, falling deeper and deeper into the pit the twins programmed. 

 Julie lay on the bed, still licking her fingers of the cum Susan deposited on her body. The precious liquid had satisfied her craving for the time being. Her arousal diminished since she drank Susan's fluids. But as she gazed at her son, her mind started the process all over again. With no one watching her, she slid off the bed and onto the floor. She smiled and slowly started to crawl towards her son. Her eyes locked on his cock still semi-erect in his shorts. 

 "Oh God, Alex, please let me service your cock. Your mother is a slut slave that begs to serve you. Please let me worship your cock." Julie pleaded. 

 Quick, stop her; we can't let her touch his cock. Cindy grab her and help me put her on the bed!" Susan shouted. 

 Alex at first stepped back avoiding any contact with his pleading mother, but then he realized he could control the situation. 

 "Mother, stop right there, get on the bed and do as you are told," Alex said. Julie stopped in mid crawl. "Oh yes, master. Please take me, fuck me, use me, please master," She said, never taking her eyes off his cock while crawling back on the bed. Julie was now kneeling, naked, with her legs spread wide, trying to entice her son. 

 Susan quickly took charge. "Alex, do you have any cord, rope, something we can tie her up with?" 

 "Yeah, I think we have something out in the garage. I'll go get it." 

 "Good, and while you are at it, bring back a belt, and something we can use as a blindfold." She instructed Alex. "Cindy, go to the kitchen and get some vegetables, carrots, cucumbers, anything long and hard. Oh, and bring back some ice too." 

 Both Alex and Cindy rushed out of the room to get what Susan wanted. Alex opened the back door and started out to the garage when he stopped. Here he was going out to get some rope to tie his mother up and make her orgasm. There were two beautiful women in his house almost naked. Could this day be any stranger? He smiled and walked to the garage to look for the rope. It took almost ten minutes to find anything to use to restrain his mother. The garage was filled with junk. They hadn't used it in a long time. When he returned to the house, Cindy had two cucumbers, two carrots, a bunch of celery, a spatula, some crushed red pepper, ice, and a wooden spoon. Alex looked at the collection of items and laughed. "I'm not sure what you are going to do with all of that but it will be fun to watch." 

 When the returned to the bedroom, Susan had Julie lying on the bed spread eagle. "Did you guys find everything?" 

 "Yeah, I think so," Alex answered. As he and Cindy dropped everything on the dressing table beside the door. 

 "Good, Alex take the rope and tie her hands to the headboard. Cindy tie a rope to each or her ankles. When you are done pull her legs up over her head and attach them to the posts on each side above her hands." 

 Alex and Cindy looked at each other and quickly got to work. In a few minutes Julie was helplessly bound to the bed with her knees up around her head and her ass and pussy fully exposed. 

 "Julie, do you have any sex toys?" 

 "Yes mistress, they are in a box under my bed." 

 Susan quickly bent over and looked under the bed, finding a cardboard shoebox. She pulled it out and all three of them looked inside. Alex gasped; he didn't know his mother was so kinky. Inside were two sets of handcuffs, a small and medium butt plug, nipple clips, three or four vibrators of various sizes, a blindfold, and a ball gag. 

 Susan quickly took the blindfold and placed it over the slave's eyes while pinching her nipples. 

 Julie gasped as her world was reduced.. When Susan pinched her nipples, Julie moaned as she remembered the mind bender. 

 Susan then attached a nipple clip, pulled the chain around her leg and attached the clip to her other nipple. The effect was immediate. Julie's nipples were extended out from her body and every movement pulled them further. Julie gasped as the pain coursed through her tits and down to her cunt increasing her arousal even more. 

 Susan then motioned to the others to follow her out of the room. As they walked into the living room, Alex stopped and said. "Did you have to clip her tits like that? That looked painful. And what's with tying her up like that? It can't be comfortable." 

 "I know this is tough, but I can't let her have any way out except to orgasm. Trust me; the pain only makes her more aroused. We will leave her for a few minutes, then slip into the room and use a vibrator on both her cunt and ass." 

 "Oh my God, are you sure this is what we need to do?" He asked. 

 "No I don't, but from what I heard her say this is how they programmed her in the first place. When she is fully aroused we need to start telling her she has control. We keep increasing the stimuli till she breaks." 

 "What if she doesn't break?" 

 "That's not an option. If we don't break their control, you may lose you mom," Susan said 

 Ten minutes later Julie was sweating as the position she was in was difficult to maintain. She could let the ropes hold her legs upright, but when she did, the chain attached to the clips on her nipples felt like they were pulling her nipples off her tits. She was concentrating so hard on keeping the pressure off her nipples; she didn't hear them return to the room. Just then she felt a vibration right on her labia. Her cunt, already flowing like a fountain and leaking down her ass, contracted with the touch. Julie gasped as the vibrator was slowly embedded into her cunt. The deeper it went the higher her arousal. Julie was now fully engaged with the vibrator now slowly fucking her gushing pussy. Just as the vibrator bottomed out for the third time, a new sensation started on her ass. Something was intruding on her anal sphincter and pushed into her ass. After the last week she welcomed the intrusion as her ass had been programmed to be a pleasure zone by the twins. 

 Susan, Alex and Cindy were diligently working on Julie's body. Cindy was pushing the vibrator and plug, fucking both of her holes. Susan was whispering in her ear, repeating over and over "You have control, you are in charge, you are not a slut, you can orgasm, you are in control..." Over and over again, Susan repeated the commands trying to erase the mind bender's program. Meanwhile Alex didn't quite know what to do, so he just caressed Julie's body trying to increase the stimulus. 

 They continued for about twenty minutes before they realized that what they were doing was not enough. Susan stopped talking to the slave and motioned to the others to stop. They slipped out of the room and walked to the living room. 

 

 Julie was right on the brink of a massive orgasm when everything stopped. It was more of the same, it was just like the mind bender. Taking her to the brink and stopping all stimuli only this time there was very little pain. Her lower body was humping the air trying to push her body over the edge, but it wasn't to be. 

 Susan looked at the others. "We need to increase the level. If we can't push her over the edge, and not just once, but over and over again, she will forever be a slut. Does anyone have any ideas?" 

 Cindy looked up at Alex and said, "I have a couple of ideas. How about we do what we were doing, but this time, I lick her cunt and ass while I fuck her with the vibrators. Alex you put your cock in her hand and lean over and take over on the commands. Susan you sit on her face and force her to eat your pussy and ass. She wants cum, she wants Alex's cock, and she needs something more to push her over the edge. What do you think?" 

 Susan looked at her submissive friend and smiled. "I don't know if it will work or not but it's worth a try. I'm just afraid that if she gets her hands on his cock it might reinforce her training, not the other way around." 

 Alex thought about what was said and then interjected, "Yeah, but it will be my voice in her head telling her she has control." 

 "OK, let's go. Remember be quiet when we go in and start the process. Cindy, if and when we get close, remove the anal probe and use your fingers. The more the better is what I always say." 

 "OK, Mistress." She replied. 

 Julie lay on the bed craving stimulus. Her body was a tightly wound spring ready to release, but the training the twins embedded deep into her brain wouldn't let her body climax. All she could think of was reaching that magical platform and quelling her craving. Just as she started to slightly relax, the vibrations started again. Only this time it was different, in her hand was a cock, a magnificent cock. 

 God is it Alex's cock. It's so large, please let it be Alex's cock, she thought. 

 Suddenly someone was straddling her head; Julie noticed the distinctive smell of pussy. She strained her neck and extended her tongue to lap up any fluids that might be flowing from the body just above her. 

 Then it happened! The voice from the Gods, it was Alex speaking directly into her brain. But this message was different. Instead of commanding her to obey and to crave his body, it was telling her that she had control. She could do as she wished, and right now she wished to orgasm. However in spite of the commands, her training wouldn't let go. As her arousal increased and confusion clouding her brain, the conflicting commands instead of canceling out each other were causing a brain lock. She was losing all control. Cindy was the first to notice as Julie's bladder released its contents just as she lowered her mouth to Julie's pussy. 

 Cindy gasped as her mouth was filled with urine squirting out of the slut's cunt. But instead of backing off, she pushed forward and licked around the vibrator still inserted in Julie's body, drinking up anything gushing from the captive slut. 

 Julie, feeling the tongue lapping around the vibrating toy screamed in ecstasy as with all the stimulus raining down on her body completely overwhelming her senses. Susan realizing that Julie was right on the verge pushed her cunt down on Julie's face coating it with her juices to increasing the pressure. 

 Cindy had never drank piss before but instead of it being revolting, found it to be stimulating. Just as Susan forced her cunt on Julie's face, she pulled the anal probe from the helpless MILF and shoved two fingers deep into the anal cavity. 

 Julie was now lost. She was no longer in her bed but in another world. The voice in her head telling her that she had control, fighting with the commands from her mistress, stopped all functions. Her son's voice, repeating over and over his love for her; along with telling her to seize control were slowly taking hold. 

 The entire experience was overwhelming; the clips on her nipples, the restraints, the vibrator pulsing and fucking her cunt, the wonderful cock in her hand, the juicy pussy filling her mouth, and now the fingers in her ass had completely taken over her body. Just as she was about to pass out, the fingers in her ass suddenly expanded as she felt first three then four fingers, followed by the thumb sliding in and out of her ass. Suddenly Julie felt her sphincter finally explode as a fist was pushed deep inside her rear passage. When the fist began to twist and turn, the fingers moving in all directions, Julie screamed into Susan's cunt. Her body went ridged and the muscles contracted, grabbing everything in every orifice and squeezing tight as a massive orgasm exploded from deep within her body. 

 Julie was convulsing on the bed threatening to push everyone away as all the stimulus finally broke through the barrier that had controlled her. 

 "Don't stop keep fucking her, don't stop, we are breaking her down." Susan called as the slut mother was bucking and thrashing about on the bed. Everything stopped, Julie had blacked out. 

 Cindy slowly pulled her hand out of her ass and Susan slipped off her face. The two of them looked at each other, Cindy's face covered in cum and piss, Susan flushed as she too had experienced two massive orgasms from the sluts tongue. Alex, still kneeling beside his mother, her hand firmly grasping his cock, collapsed beside her as his cum dripped down her arm. 

 Susan was the first to regain her senses and crawled off the bed. She walked to the bathroom, grabbed a washcloth, soaked it in cold water, and returned to the bedroom. When she returned, Cindy had pulled the vibrator out of the comatose mother's cunt and was cleaning it with her mouth. Alex was still lying next to his mother and dozing. 

 Susan looked at the scene in front of her and smiled. They had broken through a barrier, but looking at the sleeping mother she realized that this was just beginning. Julie's orgasm and convulsions had ripped the clips off her nipples leaving them angry and bleeding. Her ass still pointing up at the ceiling was gaping from the fisting she had received from Cindy and pulsed as the orgasm was still coursing throughout the slut's body. 

 Susan gently took the wet cloth and wiped her face and down her body, lightly cleaning her nipples, letting the cool cloth provide some relief. Julie moaned as she started to regain consciousness. Susan then released her feet and pulled her legs down on the bed. Cindy and Alex each started to massage a thigh helping to relieving any remaining stress. 

 Julie opened her eyes and looked at the trio surrounding her on the bed. At first she didn't know where she was, but when she saw Alex rubbing her legs she smiled and reached out to hug him. 

 "Alex, what is happening to me? I'm so confused I don't understand what is going on," Julie cried as she tried to roll over and hug her son. She then realized that her hands were attached to the headboard keeping her from moving. A look of panic came across her face as she looked at the two mostly naked young women, stroking her body. 

 "Who are you and why am I naked and tied to the bed?" 

 Alex sat up and moved over to comfort his mother. Snuggling up next to her face he said, "Mom, are you OK? I'm sorry we had to restrain you but we had to break the control the Martinez twin had on you. Do you remember anything?" 

 Julie, regaining her senses, raised her head and looked down at her son. When she realized he was naked, she gasped. "What have you done to me? I don't understand what is happening." 

 Susan was now cleaning up the mess around the confused mother's cunt. Just as the cloth brushed her labia, Julie gasped. As quickly as her moment of clarity happened, the touch of the cloth brought back all the twins training. It was as if a switch was flipped. After the orgasm had cleared her mind, just a touch on her cunt sent her arousal through the roof, and with that the training from the mind bender. 

 "Oh Alex, I love you, please take me. I need you to fuck me. Please master, take this slut and use me anyway you wish." Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 11 ****** bysadkins116© Alex, Cindy and Susan moaned, as all the hard work seemed to be for nothing. All three of them were exhausted from forcing Julie to orgasm. Now, just when it seemed they had brought her back she returned to her slave self. 

 "Mom, you have control, you are not a slave, and you control your body and mind. You have been brainwashed by those evil twins. You don't want me to take you; it's the programming that's talking." 

 Julie looked at the three naked people sitting beside her, "Oh my God, what is wrong with me? Please help me." 

 Susan hoped that Julie's mind was coming back, but when Alex's cock brushed her side. Julie gasped at the touch and the moment passed. Julie looked at her son, smiled, and said, "Alex, I need to call my mistress. I need her to know I'm OK. Please let me call her." 

 Susan motioned to Cindy to tie Julie's legs to the bottom of the bed. "We need to start again, hopefully if won't be as difficult the next time. Every time we make her climax we bring her back a little more." 

 Anita and Susanna walked into the school. It was now almost nine o'clock. They immediately walked into the main office. Sally was sitting at the front desk reading a book when she looked up at the twins. She gasped as they walked right up to her. 

 "Hey Sally; come with us, right now slut!" Anita said. 

 "I can't right now. I have to stay here." 

 "I don't care, but if you know what's good for you, get up now!" 

 Sally looking around the room hoping someone was watching, but no one was around. She quietly stood and followed the two dominate teens out of the office and down the hall. She didn't know what they wanted but she knew if she didn't do as they said her life as she knew it would be over. 

 At the end of the hall, Susanna grabbed the nervous girl and half dragged her down the stairs to the boiler room in the basement. "So Sally we need some information and you are going to give it to us, understand?" 

 "S-s-s-sure, what is it you want to know?" 

 "First let's get things straight, we own you. If you don't give us what we want, or do what we say, we will ruin you. Now strip slut, we want you naked NOW!" 

 Sally gasped and said, "Please Susanna, don't make me do this. I'll tell you everything I know. You don't have to do this." 

 Anita walked up behind the scared teen and grabbed her by the hair, "Listen slut, we don't have time for this, just do as you are told. Now get naked and you might get out of this." 

 With shaking hands Sally slowly started to unbutton her blouse, but Anita smacked her across her face and ripped it open. "Too late slut, you moved too slow." She then pulled it off her arms and threw it down in the trash. "I guess you can't wear that top anymore. Now if you want to keep you skirt you better get naked now." 

 Sally, crying quickly removed the rest of her clothes leaving them on the ground. "Now here is what is going to happen slut. Yesterday there were some visitors and we want to know who they were and we want to know now. Who came to visit Miss Julie down the hall?" 

 "No one that I know of, we only had a few people stop in but none of them asked for Miss Julie," The cowering teen cried. 

 "Wrong answer slut, now you lose your skirt," Anita answered as she picked up the discarded skirt and tore it in half. "You don't have much left so you better tell us the truth." 

 "Oh my God NO, I didn't lie! The only visitors we had was Cindy Stuart and her friend from college. You remember Cindy. She graduated last year. She and her friend were looking for Miss Hauser. She was her ex-teacher or something. I told them that she called in sick, that's all." 

 "Not good enough slut," Anita shouted as she picked up Sally's bra and panties and ripped them to pieces. "Now if you don't tell us everything we will leave you here naked and distribute all the pictures we have and everyone will know you are a lezbo slut." 

 "Oh god no, please don't, I don't know anything else. They asked for her address but I didn't know it. The only thing I told them was that I saw Miss Julie talking with Miss Hauser and Miss Reynolds the other day in the hall. They didn't say anything but left. I don't know what happened after that. I didn't see them again. I don't know if they talked to her or not. Please don't show anyone those pictures, PLEASE DON'T!" 

 "Well now we're getting somewhere. See you did know more than what you thought. See you should have told us that from the start and you wouldn't have ended up naked with your clothes in tatters. Now here's what's going to happen. I want you to crawl over to the janitor's office and beg him to use your body any way he wants. If you are good he will give you something to wear to get out of school. Oh and here, put this around your neck. You belong to us and now everyone is going to know." Susanna said as she handed the naked teen a collar. 

 

 Sally took the collar from her and looked at it. It was a leather slave collar with four rings around it. On one of the rings was a metal tag with "Slut Slave" engraved on it. She slowly wrapped it around her neck and buckled it closed. Susanna then took a small lock and secured the collar making sure it couldn't be removed. 

 "Now your senior year will really be memorable. Now that you are eighteen it doesn't matter who knows what you really are. Oh, and by the way, don't worry about what your parents will think. They're our parents' slaves too. When you get home, give them this letter and have fun." 

 Anita and Susanna laughed as they walked out of the room, leaving the naked teen crying on her knees in the middle of the room. 

 "What was in the note sis?" Anita asked her sister. 

 Oh nothing much, but it is going to open her eyes on how much our family controls things. Mom and dad enslaved her parents about a year ago. So far they have kept it from her, but now she's of age all bets are off. When they read the note her mom and dad will be explaining the facts of life from now on. By Monday she will no longer have any control over her body." 

 "Did you tell George the janitor to expect her today?" 

 "Yeah, I called him earlier and told him to use all her holes and send her home covered in cum." 

 "Does he have anything for her to wear home?" 

 "Probably not, I guess he will give her a ride. I would love to be sitting in her house when she walks in and gives her mom the note, naked and covered in cum. I'm calling Dad now and let him know what we found out," Susanna answered as she pulled out her cell and called home. 

 "Hey dad, how are things going?... We found out the help Julie was getting was because of Anita's slave's ex-student and Cindy Stuart... Yes, we are going now to pick up our slaves costumes for the party tomorrow... OK, we will... Really!... OK we will go there now... Oh My God... OK we know what to do... Yes we will follow the plan, see you later... Thanks dad, love ya." 

 "Anita, Dad has men at Julie's house as we speak. There was only Julie and Alex there when they went in, and grabbed them. He thinks that Cindy and her friend are going over to the apartment. He wants us to meet his men there. We are going to capture them and put them on the mind bender ASAP. Dad thinks that something is going on and he wants us to go to plan B. He thinks that the feds are going to raid the house. We are to stay at the apartment after we get the costumes and wait till he contacts us. It looks like we are going to have a house full of slaves real soon," Susanna explained. 

 "Oh my, let's get going, when are the men going to get there? I'm guessing they will already be there when we arrive." 

 The twins walked out of the school and headed to their car. It was going to take about an hour to finish their errands and get to the apartment. 

 It was now about eight o'clock at Alex and Julie's house. Susan, Cindy and Alex were exhausted, naked, lying on the bed. It had been a long night. Julie was still naked and restrained. She was sleeping peacefully as all their efforts had taken a toll on the on the middle aged MILF. The three young adults had kept up a constant assault for the last few hours. Each time they managed to make her orgasm, either by pain or arousal, Julie's mind broke free from her training, but it didn't last. The good thing was that it took longer each time before her mind reverted back to the slut training. The last time, however was over an hour ago and she had not reverted. Hopefully they had finally succeeded. 

 Susan was the first to move out of the bed. "We need to get out of here. We need to get to the apartment before those evil twins can totally break down Sandy and Dawn." 

 "I don't think we should move mom right now. She's in a very fragile state. I don't know what would happen if she saw either of the twins right now. How about you go get the teachers and bring them back here. I will stay with mom," Alex said while he gently pushed Julie's hair from her face. 

 "OK, that sounds like a plan. Cindy, grab our clothes and meet me in the living room. I need to call my lawyer to arrange pickup." 

 Thirty minutes later Susan and Cindy and cleaned up and dressed. Just as they started to walk out the door, Alex called out to them. "Hey maybe you should go out the back. I have a feeling that the Martinezes might be watching the house. As you slip out the door stay close to the garage no one can see you from the street. When you get to the fence, climb over and go through the neighbor's yard. That will put you on the next street. Hopefully you can get to your car without anyone noticing. We'll be OK here. I doubt they will try anything just yet." 

 "Thanks Alex, it's almost eight thirty. We should be able to get to the apartment in twenty minutes. Hopefully we can grab the two slaves and get back here in an hour or so. You should keep your doors locked; I don't trust anyone in that family." 

 Cindy looked up at Alex and smiled; she then leaned in and gave him a hug. After the night they had she felt very close to him. "I hope when this is over we can have a normal evening together." 

 "You bet," Alex answered and gave her a deep kiss. 

 The two young women quickly left the house and five minutes later were in Susan's car. Both were silent as the evening's events and exhaustion were clouding their brains. Susan started the car and headed to the apartment. 

 What the women didn't know was that twenty minutes later three large men broke down the door. 

 Alex had slipped on a pair of shorts as Susan and Cindy left the house. He turned and headed back to his mother's room and laid down beside her. He was so tired he fell instantly into a deep sleep. Suddenly there was a loud bang at the front of the house. Alex's eyes opened and he jumped up to see what had happened. Just as he opened the bedroom door, he was met by a large fist straight to the jaw. He crumbled to the floor dazed not realizing what had happened. Before he could regain his senses he felt a prick on his arm and everything went black. 

 The three thugs looked around the room. The commotion had awakened Julie, but she was still tied to the bed naked. She started to scream but one of the men quickly clamped a hand over her mouth. Julie was panicking as she saw the men gather her son and carry him out of the room. The man holding his hand over her mouth growled, "Listen up slut, we can do this two ways. You can be quiet and no one gets hurt, or you can fight this and both of you may never see another day. Are you going to cooperate?" 

 Julie nodded and her body slumped into the bed. It took the men a few minutes to untie Julie and take her out to their van. Once inside the van the leader of the group called Mr. Martinez. "We got the woman and her son, sir. There was no one else in the house. What do you want us to do?" 

 "OK, take the woman to the apartment. Keep the boy in the van. You will bring him to me after you finish at the apartment. By the time we are done with him he will never want a woman again, except maybe his mother. The only thing that will excite him will be a large cock up his ass. When you go in the apartment I think the two who were at the house will be there. The two slaves will be no problem. They will do whatever you tell them. The other two might try to resist but don't let them get away. Make them strip and drug them. Use the drugs we got from the tattoo shop. That will make them very horny and they should do whatever you want. My daughters will get there in about an hour or so. I want the mother and two girls naked, bound, and horny when they get there. My girls will take over from there. Make sure everything is under control and then bring me the boy. Do you understand?" 

 "Yes boss, we'll take care of it. Can we fuck them?" 

 "Yes but don't let them cum. I will expect you in a couple of hours. If it takes any longer contact me and let me know what's taking so long. Don't disappoint me." 

 "Yes Sir we'll do as ordered" The thug answered. 

 Susan and Cindy arrived at the apartment. They looked around the parking lot and didn't see either of the twins BMW's. "It looks like the twins are gone. Do you think Sandy and Miss Reynolds are in there?" Cindy asked. "I'm sure of it. They can't take them anywhere right now. They are concentrating on getting Julie back. I'm sure they are worried they're losing their grip on her. Let's go in and see what's happening," Susan answered. 

 The two quickly got out of the car and walked to the door. It was locked but Susan looked under the welcome mat and found the spare key and unlocked the door. When they walked into the living room they heard the two women groaning in the bedroom. The entire apartment reeked of sex. Susan quickly looked around and made sure no one was there and headed towards the groans. When they entered the bedroom they both gawked at what they saw. 

 Dawn and Sandy were naked, bound, blindfolded, and plugged. The bed was soaked in their fluids especially by their cunts. Cindy walked to the night stand and looked at the two boxes sitting there with wires running over to the bound slaves. Both slaves had headsets covering their ears piping something into their heads. Just as she touched Dawn, the bound teacher's body went rigid as the controller changed state shocking the slave. She didn't know what had happened as she quickly removed her hand. But the effect of the shock was to eliminate any chance of an orgasm. 

 Susan didn't know what to do first as she had only heard a little of what Julie had told them, but she knew she had to disconnect the two women from the boxes. 

 

 "Cindy, turn off those boxes. We need to get them back to the real world." 

 Cindy looked down at the controllers and pushed the switch and turned them off. Both women slumped and looked like they had passed out. Susan then started to remove the headsets, gags, and blindfolds. When she removed Sandy's blindfold and looked into her eyes, she wasn't sure if her ex-teacher was even there. She had a blank look in her eyes, but after a few moments a whisper came from her mouth. "Sushan? Ish that you? Whash are yoush doing here? Whash can this shut do for you? Please mishtress may this shut cum?" 

 Susan looked down at the still bound slave. The chains extending down her body from the collar and through the rings on her nipples and clit glistened in the light. She looked at the slave bracelets and shackles and moaned. Although she felt sorry for the woman lying there, she also felt a little arousal. She almost wished that she was her slave instead of the evil twins. Susan quickly dismissed the thought and started to release the subdued slave. When she finished, Sandy quickly leaned over and grabbed the stunned young woman. When Sandy opened her mouth to speak, Susan noticed the ring and stud in her tongue. 

 

 "Oh My God Sandy, what have they done to you? Are you OK?" 

 "Yesh Mishtress, This shut is fine, thish shut wants to sherve yoush. Phease lesh me sherve yoush." 

 Cindy gasped as her heard the teacher speak. She quickly started to release Miss Reynolds. When she removed the gag and blindfold; the slave looked at the young woman above her and moaned. "Oh God please use me. I need to be fucked. Please use this worthless slave and fuck my ass. I will do anything you wish just fuck my ass." There was no recognition in her eyes. She had no idea that Cindy was in her class only a few months ago. The only thing on her mind was to achieve an orgasm that had been denied for so long. 

 Cindy looked at Susan and said. "What are we going to do? We don't have time to break the training. I'm sure the twins will be back soon." 

 "I don't know. Let me think. Look around and see if there is anything for them to wear. We need to get them back to Julie's house." Susan answered. 

 As Cindy walked into the living room, in walked two of the largest men she had ever seen. Cindy screamed as the first thug rushed up to her and threw her to the ground. 

 "Don't move, or I'll hurt you he said quietly." 

 Susan called from the bedroom, "Cindy, is something wrong?" 

 The second thug rushed into the bedroom and grabbed Susan before she could react. He then dragged her out into the living room and threw her down beside Cindy. 

 The two scared women sat cowering on the floor when a third man entered the apartment leading Julie, naked on a leash and pushed her down beside the two scared girls. 

 "OK sluts, if you know what's good for you, you will do as you are told and you won't get hurt. If not I can't guarantee your safety. Now strip!" 

 Susan and Cindy both gasped as the three thugs towered above them. 

 "NOW SLUTS!" He shouted. 

 Both girls jumped and quickly started to remove their clothes. In less than a minute they were both naked with their clothes in a pile in front of them. 

 "Take their clothes and throw them in the dumpster. They won't need them anymore," The leader said to one of the men. 

 He bent down, grabbed the clothes and walked out the door. 

 "Now drink this and stand up." He said as he handed each of them a bottle of water. Both the scared girls took the water and started to drink as they stood up. As soon as they finished the drink he twirled his finger for them to turn around. 

 "Put your hands behind you and don't move." 

 Both young women did as instructed. The thugs quickly cuffed their hands and grabbed their tits roughly. 

 Susan screamed, "You can't get away with this. People know we are here." 

 The leader laughed as he pinched her nipples causing her to cry out in pain. In spite of her anger, the drug started to work its magic and Susan's body started to react to the groping. The more the men mauled the tender tits and nipples the more aroused they both became. 

 Cindy looked at her friend and watched as her protests grew weaker and her moans grew louder. Even as her own arousal was skyrocketing. In just a few minutes, both girls were now totally enjoying every touch. The drug had fully taken effect and now all they could think of was the need to orgasm. 

 The leader then turned to Julie who was still sitting on the floor. "Get up on your knees slave. Crawl over here and beg to suck our cocks." 

 Julie had resisted reverting back to her training until he called her slave. Her mind snapped and she was once again a submissive slut, eager to please her master. She quickly rose to her knees and crawled to the nearest man. "Please master; let this lowly slut worship your cock. Please feed this slave your cum. Please I beg you to fuck my face and satisfy your needs." 

 The large man smiled, opened his pants and freed his large semi-erect cock. Julie gasped and quickly opened her mouth and started to lick the large head. The thug smiled and grabbed her head and pushed his cock deep in her mouth. Julie gagged as the massive head penetrated her throat. When he pulled her head back, Julie drooled down her chest, soaking her tits. He continued to fuck her throat without mercy until he groaned and shot his seed directly into her stomach. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 11 ****** bysadkins116© Julie was near unconsciousness from lack of oxygen; fell back on her ass gasping for air. No sooner than she started to become aware of her surroundings when the second thug grabbed the hair on top of her head and pulled her to his exposed cock. 

 "What have you got to say slut?" he bellowed. 

 "Oh please master, use this useless slut's mouth for your pleasure. I'll take anything you have to offer." 

 The cruel thug held her head right at the tip of his cock and unleashed a massive stream of piss into the open mouth. Julie caught totally by surprise tried to move away, but only managed to have her head and chest covered with the golden liquid. 

 "Stop struggling slut! Open your mouth and drink my piss. You begged for it now take it." 

 Julie surrendered to her master and accepted her fate, drinking down the foul piss. When he finished he took his cock and cleaned it with her hair. 

 "Oh God I really needed to go. Now get busy and suck me off. I want to cover your face with my cream." 

 Julie leaned forward and took his unit deep in her mouth, fucking her own throat and lavishing her tongue all over his cock. It didn't take long before she felt it swelling as his cum started to push its way out of his balls and up his tool. Just as he reached his peak, he bellowed, "Here it comes slut!" He pulled his cock from her mouth and shot stream after stream of his juice all over her face. Julie no longer resisting, was now savoring the experience as she pleased her master. All thoughts of escape or returning to her normal life were gone. 

 Susan and Cindy, now completely under the influence of the drugged water watched as Julie serviced the two thugs. Both were so aroused it was all they could do to not beg to take her place. The leader, standing between them, grabbed a nipple with each hand and pulled them to their knees. 

 "You two will get you mouths busy on my cock. You won't stop till I tell you. If you make me happy I might give you a chance to get off." 

 That was all the drugged women needed to hear. Each of them quickly crawled to his exposed cock and began licking it from the very top to the bottom of his balls. 

 He smiled as he looked down at the two beautiful young women literally fighting to swallow his cock. 

 "God I love this job. I really need to thank Mr. Martinez for this. OK sluts, there is plenty to go around. One of you suck the balls and the other swallow my cock. When I tell you, switch. Got it?" 

 Both horny women nodded as Cindy slid down and sucked his right testicle in her mouth bathing it with her tongue. Susan slid up his cock and swallowed it whole down her throat. 

 Just as the two horny women got into a rhythm the other two men walked out of the bedroom leading the teacher slaves behind them. "Look what we found. There are more naked women here than at the club. What can we do to these two?" They asked their leader. 

 "Whatever we want, we just can't let them cum," He answered. 

 The two men laughed out loud, as this was better than Christmas, then started to pull the slaves over to the couch. The biggest man shoved Dawn on the couch and dropped down behind her. He spread her cheeks, lined up his erect cock at her back door and plunged it deep. 

 Dawn screamed as the large cock was suddenly buried deep in her ass. Instead of trying to get away from the pain, she embraced it, relishing in the feeling of finally being filled and completing her desire of a full ass. The pain quickly dissipated and was replaced with arousal as she pushed back on the large cock fucking her ass. Her mind and body taking in every sensation and letting it wash throughout her body. As Dawn's orgasm started to reach a peak, the front door opened and in walked the twins. 

 Susanna quickly took in the situation and screamed, "Get your cock out of her ass right now. I say when she fucks, who she fucks, and how she fucks. And right now she fucks no one." 

 The three men quickly shoved each of the women servicing them to the ground and said, "Sorry Miss Martinez. We thought we would have a little fun before you arrived." 

 "Get dressed right now, and where is Alex?" 

 "Oh he's in the van. We gave him a shot; he 'll be out for a while," The leader explained. 

 "Alright you three, finish getting dressed and get out of here. We'll take it from here. Go report to my dad, he'll take care of you," Susanna answered. 

 The three men quickly pulled up their pants and hurried out the door. 

 Anita and Susanna looked around the room. Cindy and her friend were naked and sitting on the floor, their face covered in drool from servicing the leader. Their hands cuffed behind them. Julie was cowering in the corner, her face and tits covered in spit and cum. The teacher slaves were kneeling in front of the couch waiting on further instructions. 

 "Well sis, I guess we have our hands full. We better get busy if we expect to finish what dad wants," Anita said. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 12 ****** bysadkins116© This is the final chapter of the teacher's adventure. I hope you enjoyed the series. I am not sure if I will do this again. I have for now, satisfied my urges to write. I am interested in your comments on the ending. Please let me know what you think. 

 I want to thank HMAuthor for her assistance in editing all the chapters. She really make this story readable. Please vote. 

 ***** 

 Anita walked over to where Cindy and Susan were kneeling. "So Cindy, who's your friend, and why are you sticking your nose in our business?" 

 Cindy looked up at the towering teen. She was scared as ever; since they had dominated and stripped her at school she had avoided them at all costs. Now she was naked and cuffed, cowering at Anita's feet. 

 "Anita, this is Susan; she's my roommate at school. Miss Hauser was her teacher last year. She just wanted to visit with her." 

 Anita scowled and slapped Cindy across the face. "You're lying, slut. You're trying to take all of them away from us. And you never call us by our names. You're nothing. You will only call us Mistress. DO YOU UNDERSTAND SLUT?" Anita shouted and slapped her again across her face. 

 "Yes mistress, I'm sorry." 

 Anita turned her attention to Susan, kneeling next to Cindy. "Susan huh, what makes you think you can stop what we're doing? We own this town and we own these sluts. Now we own you. When we're done with you, you'll worship us and do anything we want." 

 Susan looked up at the twins, her expression was of contempt. "You're finished. You just don't know it yet. You don't scare me. Go ahead and take your shot. I can take anything you can dish out and more." Susan said as she knelt proudly in front of the two teens. 

 Anita leaned over and grabbed Susan's chin, pulled it up and looked directly into her eyes. "You have no idea of what I can do to you. But you will. Your life just changed and it didn't change for the better. I will break you slut." She then spit in her face, followed by a vicious blow. 

 Susan gasped as the pain shot through her brain, but she didn't cry. She glared right back and smiled. 

 Susanna joined her sister and the two of them grabbed Susan's arms and dragged her to the bedroom. Susan tried to resist but with her hands cuffed behind her back, she couldn't stop them. Once they had her on the bed, Anita held her down while Susanna grabbed a flogger. With Anita sitting on her chest and Susan's head between her legs, Susanna raised her arm and brought down a vicious blow right on Susan's exposed pussy. 

 Susan howled as the pain shot throughout her body. She struggled to free herself but with Anita sitting on her and her hands trapped beneath her she could only wiggle a little. Susanna laughed at the helpless woman and started to rain down blow after blow. Susan screamed as the pain increased as each blow struck her body. 

 "Anita, take this gag and shut the slut up. I don't want the neighbors calling the cops. Anita grabbed the gag and quickly shoved it into Susan's mouth. Susan breathing heavily around the gag still struggled, but as the blows started again she was soon crying uncontrollably. 

 Susan's entire body was on fire. Her arms and her wrists were burning from the cuffs. After the long night at Julie's house, she didn't have the energy to resist any more and was now just accepting the punishment. Anita smiled an evil smile and smacked Susan's face, first one side then the other. "Are you going to be good slut? Are you going to do what you are told?" 

 Susan quickly nodded her head as the pain was too much for her to endure any longer. 

 "Good, now spread your legs." Susan quickly complied and spread her legs wide. They were splotched with dark red markings from the flogger. Susanna quickly tied her legs to the corners of the bed. Anita leaned over to the nightstand beside the bed and grabbed a collar. She buckled it around her neck and tied it to the headboard. Susan was now helplessly restrained. Anita slid off her and grabbed the flogger from her sister. 

 "Go get Cindy slut and bring her in. I want her to watch as I beat this slut's tits." Anita told her sister. 

 Susan's eyes widened as she heard what was said. But there was nothing she could do. Just then everything went dark as a blindfold covered her eyes. Susan started to panic as Anita then placed a headset over her ears. Susan now couldn't move, see, hear or speak. She was now totally helpless. 

 Susanna had now dragged Cindy into the room. Cindy looked at her friend and started to panic. Susan was lying helpless on the bed. Her entire lower body was covered in ugly red blotches from the flogger, and now Anita was viciously beating Susan's tits, raining blow after blow down on the helpless woman. 

 Cindy was crying and cowering on the floor. She knew she was next. "Please mistress, please stop, she can't take any more," Cindy implored. 

 Anita stopped momentarily and looked down at Cindy begging her. "You want me to stop? OK I'll stop and you can take her place." 

 Cindy tried to get up and run away but Susanna smacked her across the face. "Settle down slave and get on the bed." 

 Cindy exhausted and still under the influence of the drugs, slowly crawled to the bed. Susanna grabbed her cunt and shoved her ass up on the bed. Cindy lay next to her friend with a look of panic, knowing that she was going to be beaten. 

 Anita smiled and started to tie her legs to the foot board as Susanna buckled a collar around her neck, securing her head to the headboard. Cindy heard Susan's moans and wondered if they would survive the day. 

 Once she was securely tied down, the twins began to finish the process with the gag, blindfold and headset. Now both of the rescuers were now ready to start their training. 

 Anita looked at her sister and smiled, "I know, let's get some more of the special water and make sure they are excited before we start the program." 

 Susanna smiled and pulled the gags from the helpless slut's mouths. Anita walked to the kitchen and grabbed two bottles of water. She then poured the drugged water down each of their throats. Both girls eagerly drank the water, not knowing it was laced with drugs. Susanna then replaced the gags and said, "It won't be long till their bodies will be totally out of control. This might drive them out of their minds. Do you really think we should do this?" 

 "As I said, they will never be the same again. I want them totally under my control." 

 Anita then walked over to the controller and started to program the voice commands while Susanna attached the clips, plugs, and vibrators. When they finished the process, Anita started the voice programming. She wasn't going to start the rest till she finished beating Cindy. She wanted her body tenderized before she started the rest of the program. 

 Both of the two bound bodies were quickly experiencing the effects of the drug. Both were getting very aroused and their cunts were leaking and spotting the bed. Just as the drugs were starting to peak, Anita grabbed the flogger and started to beat Cindy's tits and cunt. 

 Cindy screamed into her gag as each time a blow struck her body it sent a shock wave through her straight to her brain. 

 I am a slave... I am a slut... I serve my mistress... I love cum... I can't cum without permission... I love cock... humiliation excites me... pain excites me... I am a slave... I am a slut... I serve my mistress... 

 Cindy heard the commands and ignored them as Anita covered her body with blows from the flogger. After too many blows to count, Cindy's brain started to shut down. The pain was intense, but instead of eliminating the arousal it only increased it. Suddenly the blows stopped and the vibrators started. The sudden shift from pain to pleasure took her by surprise. Her mind started to hear the commands. She was still resisting them, but now with all her senses hyper alert, ignoring them was becoming difficult. 

 Susan's mind was totally confused. The pain from the beating was still pulsing through her, but now the drugs were taking her arousal levels to new heights. Her senses now centered on the pleasure from the vibrators. She felt her friend beside her and felt the blows but instead of fearing them she was starting to crave the attention. She was exhausted and the constant stimulus was wearing her down, making resisting the commands echoing in her brain exceedingly difficult. 

 I am a slave... I am a slut... I serve my mistress... I love cum... I can't cum without permission... I love cock... humiliation excites me... pain excites me... I am a slave... I am a slut... I serve my mistress... 

 Pain, pleasure, pain, pleasure over and over, Susan's body and brain began to break down. The last coherent thought that went through her brain was "I hope I survive." 

 Anita finally stopped beating Cindy's body. It was dark red from just below her neck to her feet. Cindy had long ago quit fighting and was now just taking the blows. Drool was running out of her mouth and running down her neck. The program was now fully in control of her senses. Anita was sweating from the exertion. She looked at her sister and smiled, "Let's go play with our slaves." 

 

 When Alex woke everything was dark. His head felt like he had been kicked by a mule. He tried to move but couldn't. Panic quickly set in as he struggled to move but couldn't. He realized that he was blindfolded and gagged. His arms were stretched above his head and his legs were spread wide and tied to something. As his mind cleared he felt a chill and now noticed he was naked. He had no idea of where he was or how he got there. As he shook his head suddenly he felt as if his nuts were on fire. He screamed in agony but could do nothing to stop the pain. Just as quickly as the pain started it stopped. Alex was breathing heavily around the gag when he heard a voice. 

 "Alex, I'm glad to see you are back. I hope I have your attention. Let me tell you how this is going to work. My job is to train you. When I finish with you, you will be a cock sucking, ass licking, sissy boy. The only woman that will excite you will be your mother." 

 Alex tried to struggle again, but just as quickly the pain reappeared in his nuts. Just then a picture appeared in front of his eyes. It wasn't a blindfold but some sort of headset. The picture was of a large cock. It appeared like it was right in front of his face. But something was wrong; the feeling in his nuts was pleasure. In spite of himself he was getting aroused and his cock was getting hard. As he watched the cock grow larger and larger the more excited he was. Just as the cock spurted cum, it was gone but Alex's erection was not. He wanted to cum in the worst way. Just as the cock disappeared it was replaced by a sexy naked woman. As he watched the woman come closer to him the pain started. The closer she got the more intense the pain. His erection disappeared almost instantly. 

 Alex felt a prick on his arm and he felt a warm glow come over his body. He was no longer tired but his whole body was very sensitive. Everything touching his body caused him to moan with excitement. He then heard the voices. 

 You love cock... You love cum... You love to be fucked in the ass... You will obey your master... Sex with women makes you sick... Only your mother excites you... You love to suck cock... You crave humiliation... 

 Over and over this played in his head, never stopping. All the while pictures of cocks dominated his vision. Pain, pleasure, voices, pain, pleasure, voices, relentless, over and over. 

 You love cock... You love cum... You love to be fucked in the ass... You will obey your master... Sex with women makes you sick... Only your mother excites you... You love to suck cock... You crave humiliation... 

 Suddenly everything stopped. The voices, the pictures, the pain and pleasure nothing, Alex, still under the effects of the drug, now craved the stimulus. He felt someone removing the headset over his eyes. Now for the first time he could look around him. What he saw scared him. He looked down at his body and saw several wires leading from his nipples, cock, balls, and feet. The wires led to some sort of contraption sitting on a table in front of him. Around his ankles were shackles and chains leading to rings on the floor. His legs were spread so wide he was standing on his toes. Alex looked up at his hands and they too were chained and stretched to the ceiling. He tried to move but all that accomplished was to realize that his ass was plugged and connected to something behind him. Panic started from deep within as he suddenly felt more helpless than at any time in his life. He started to hyperventilate around the gag when the pain started again in his nuts, followed soon by his nipples, ass, toes and fingers. As the pain built he stopped breathing all together. Just as the world was turning black it stopped and he started to breathe again. 

 Alex was regaining his senses when he was lowered to his knees. Just as his knees hit the floor, someone wrapped shackles around them attaching them to the floor. He looked to his right when he heard a noise, when in walked two men. Both were naked and sporting very large cocks. Instantly Alex felt pleasure in his groin. His cock reacted and was soon hard as a rock pointing out from his body. The closer the men got to him the more his arousal increased. "How is this happening? I'm not gay. This can't be happening." He thought. But just as the first man arrived at his face and the cock touched his lips, Alex erupted into a massive orgasm and spewed his come all over the floor. The man then simply removed the gag and inserted his cock into Alex's mouth. In spite of wanting to bite it off, he simple could not organize his thoughts to do it. Instead he started to suck and lavish his tongue over the ever hardening cock. What surprised him was that sucking the cock was exciting him. The more he sucked the more aroused he became. The pleasure pulsed throughout his body in waves. His cock was harder than at any time before in his life. Deeper and deeper the cock pushed till it reached the threshold of his throat. But instead of choking, his throat welcomed the intruder, till he had the entire cock deep inside his mouth. Alex's mind was confused as somewhere deep inside his brain was telling him he should be repulsed, but his entire body was lavishing in the pleasure of sucking his first cock. 

 Just as his body was peaking, the cock pulled out from his throat and pumped his mouth full of come. At the same time his body convulsed with a massive orgasm. 

 During all this the voices continued: You love cock... You love cum... You love to be fucked in the ass... You will obey your master... Sex with women makes you sick... Only your mother excites you... You love to suck cock... You crave humiliation... 

 No sooner had the cock finished filling his mouth, it was gone. Just as Alex was regaining his senses, he felt a prick on his arm. He looked to his right and saw a beautiful young woman giving him a shot. "What is that?" He moaned. 

 "Oh not much, it's just enough Viagra to keep you hard for the next day or so." She said and smiled. 

 Alex groaned and dropped his head. He then heard a noise and in walked a very beautiful young woman. She was wearing only a string bikini and very high heels. Alex's body instantly reacted and his cock started to harden, but instead of pleasure he felt pain. The closer she got to him the intensity increased till he could not stand it and screamed, "Get away from me." But she kept coming and coming till she grabbed his soft cock and started to stroke him. The pain was mind numbing and coursed through every pore on his body. Just as he was about to pass out she stopped, only to be replaced with the other man. As soon as he touched Alex's cock, the pleasure replaced the pain and his cock instantly hardened. Alex moaned as his body betrayed him. Just then a cock appeared in front of his face. Alex's mouth opened and it slipped inside. The pleasure sensors in his brain were out of control. What Alex didn't know was that while he was unconscious, they had pumped him full of drugs that made manipulating his body very easy. With just a little electrical current in the right places, they could give him extreme pleasure or pain. 

 This procedure continued for the next two hours. Alex was exhausted. When he started to pass out they shot him full of speed, keeping him wide awake and fully alert. 

 At the end of the initial training, a couple of men released him and tied him to a bench. Alex was now fully cooperative. He had no fight left. Now his hands were tied to the legs as well as his feet. The wires were still connected and a new type of visor was placed over his eyes. Alex could not see anything, but his body was very sensitive to anything touching him. 

 Alex lay on the bench scared as he didn't know what to expect. Suddenly someone was touching him. His body reacted instantly and his cock shot up like a rocket. Just then the visor opened and he saw the same woman as before. Alex screamed as his body immediately reacted with extreme pain as his cock dropped like a rock. The visor closed and the touching stopped. Then it started again and his body reacted the same way, instant arousal. As the visor opened all he saw was a large cock right in front of his face. Alex moaned as pleasure exploded everywhere on his body. His cock was like a rock, but before he could climax the visor closed and the touching stopped. 

 Over and over they did this, sometimes it was a woman over and over, and sometimes it was a cock. Each time it was pleasure or pain, pleasure or pain. All the time the voices kept repeating: You love cock... You love cum... You love to be fucked in the ass... You will obey your master... Sex with women makes you sick... Only your mother excites you... You love to suck cock... You crave humiliation... 

 Hour after hour they continued till Alex's brain and body gave up and he lost consciousness. They then carried him to a cell about the size of a closet and chained him to a cot. The wires were still connected and the voices continued. Soon you could see his cock harden and soften over and over as they kept pushing his buttons over and over. Whenever the voice was a woman it was pain, a man pleasure. Always the same commands: You love cock... You love cum... You love to be fucked in the ass... You will obey your master... Sex with women makes you sick... Only your mother excites you... You love to suck cock... You crave humiliation... 

 It had now been over six hours since the training had started. At first it was Alex sucking cock after cock. He must have drunk a pint of come. For the last couple of hours Alex was tied to the bench with his legs pulled up around his head exposing his ass. His head was turned to the side and his mouth was wide open and he was drooling. He had just finished sucking another cock, when he felt something pull the plug out of his ass. It was soon replaced with a cock. The pleasure was intense as he accepted his first anal fuck. Just as his orgasm was about to peak a cock was inserted in his mouth. With both of his orifice's filled with cocks, Alex exploded with a massive orgasm unlike anything he had ever experienced. 

 You love cock... You love cum... You love to be fucked in the ass... You will obey your master... Sex with women makes you sick... Only your mother excites you... You love to suck cock... You crave humiliation... 

 Alex's mind could not process all the stimuli and everything went black. 

 Alex suddenly woke with a start as ice cold water cascaded down his body. He was shivering from the cold and the residual effects of the orgasm. 

 With the visor closed he no longer knew where he was of how long he had been there. Then it started again. This time instead of the visor opening there appeared a picture of his mother naked, crawling towards him begging him to give her his cock. But instead of pain his cock started to grow. Confusion clouded his brain as he expected pain, but it was pleasure, intense pleasure. Just as his mother got to his cock, everything went black. But his arousal didn't diminish it only increased. He felt a hand on his cock and knew it was his mother. Then the visor opened and standing in front of his was a sexy woman. Instantly the pain returned with such intensity that his whole body convulsed. Over and over the training continued. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 12 ****** bysadkins116© Alex's mind was broken. He no longer resisted the commands. He relished seeing cocks and prayed that he would never see another woman. The visor once again opened and in front of his eyes were a dozen erect cocks. Without any stimulus from the contraption he climaxed, spewing what little come remaining in his abused nuts onto his stomach. 

 Just before he passed out again, he heard a loud bang. 

 Anita and Susanna walked into the living room. All three slaves were exactly where they left them. Julie was kneeling in the corner; Sandy and Dawn were still kneeling by the couch right where the thugs left them. 

 Anita smiled she knew their control was complete. "Slaves, get up and stand in front of us." She demanded. All three slaves quickly jumped to their feet and rushed to where their mistress indicated. 

 Susanna looked at their slaves, all were naked and trembling, Julie from fear because of Cindy and Susan, Dawn and Sandy because of arousal. 

 "OK, I want you to dress, slave Sandy put on your veils, you other two your coats. We are going for a ride. For the rest of the day you three are going to entertain a few friends of ours," Susanna ordered. 

 The slaves scrambled to obey and in just moments they were clothed as instructed. Anita grabbed the leashes and clipped them on Julie's and Dawn's collars. "Open your mouth slut, and stick out your tongue. 

 Sandy quickly opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out. Susanna clipped the leash through the ring and pulled the slave towards the door. Anita grabbed the leashes of the other two and followed her sister out to the parking lot. Sandy might as well of been naked as the veils did nothing to hide the body, and the bracelets and shackles gleamed in the sunlight. The fact that she was being led by her tongue sent her arousal through the roof. Sandy's mind was craving the humiliation, making her flush down to her toes. 

 Cindy and Julie followed closely behind, both dressed in the rain and shine coats tied loosely around their waists. Anita and Susanna loved the feeling of leading the slut slave adults knowing they would do anything they were told. They weren't worried about the neighbors as it was doubtful that the slaves would be back to this apartment. When they finished the day their dad was going to take over and all three of them would be sold at auction in a couple of days. 

 As soon as the slaves were loaded in the backseat of the BMW Anita turned and told the slaves to open their coats and veils and play with their clits. "I want you ready to fuck anything when you get where we are going." 

 Twenty minutes later Susanna pulled into a sleazy motel on the edge of town. "Ass slut, close your coat and go pay for two rooms. Make sure they are adjoining. Don't forget to flash the desk clerk." Dawn quickly opened the door and started for the motel office. She suddenly stopped and turned to Anita. "Mistress, what should I use to pay for the rooms?" 

 "Oh yeah, I forgot to give you your driver's license and credit card." Anita smiled and handed her the cards. Ten minutes later Dawn returned to the car. "The rooms are on the back side, rooms 10 and 11, here are the keys." 

 Soon all the slaves were naked and kneeling on the floor of room 10. Anita and Susanna walked to the adjoining room and looked at how they wanted the slaves positioned. The rooms were mirror images with a double bed and night stand against the opposite walls and a dresser with a mirror on the adjoining wall. A 37 inch flat screen TV sitting beside the mirror. Anita turned on the TV and dialed in the porn channel, Susanna did the same in room eleven. Suddenly there was a knock at the door. Anita opened the door and in walked Cassie. 

 "Oh My God, look at them!" She exclaimed as she looked over the three naked slaves. "I know what you told me but I would never have believed them to look like this!" As she reached out and pulled on Dawn's and Sandy's chains. 

 "Oh that's not all, Slave open your mouth and stick out your tongue." Anita said as she looked at Sandy. 

 Sandy quickly complied and she stuck out her tongue and looked up at the shocked Cassie. 

 "OK, all three of you, I want you to each tell Mistress Cassie exactly what you are." 

 Dawn was first to respond. "Mistress Cassie, I am a slut slave teacher that only lives to serve. I am an ass loving slave that gets off on, humiliation, licking asses and having my ass filled. I can only come when I have my ass filled. My only desire is to please my mistress. Please mistress, use my ass." 

 Sandy quickly followed Dawn. "Mistress Cassie, I am a slut slave teacher that only desires to serve. I thrive on humiliation, pain and cum. I am addicted to cum; it is my drug of choice. I will do anything to get my fix. Please Mistress I need cum, I need a fix to satisfy my addiction. Please feed me some cum." 

 Julie was the last to respond. "Mistress Cassie, I am a slut slave mother that will serve you without question. I am a fuck slut that will do anything to have my holes filled. I desire to be abused and used in any way to satisfy anyone you wish, especially my son." 

 Cassie was shocked at the response. "Wow, this is going to be fun. Is there anything I can't do to them?" 

 "Not really, just don't mark them permanently. You can spank, beat, have them fuck, suck, lick, anything you want. I'm going to suggest that you have slave Reynolds in one room, and slave Julie in the other. You can then have anyone who wants to fuck an ass visit next door and pussy and mouth fucks in here. Slave Hauser can be the fluffer, using her mouth to get the cocks ready. I would have her lick any cum out of the other slave's holes after each fuck." Susanna suggested, "But that is up to you. The most important thing is that they are recognized by everyone who walks in here. I want them to be totally humiliated and fucked. I want them totally broken when you are done. Do you understand?" 

 "No problem, how many do you expect to stop by?" 

 "I put the word out when we were at school this morning. By now I figure every senior in school knows about it and probably thirty or so guys will show up. If you run into any problems with the girlfriends, have them take a turn at humiliating the slaves." 

 "Great, when do we start?" 

 "Whenever the first person shows up you can start the show. We'll be back later we need to take care of things back at the apartment. It's now about 10:30; we'll be back around five or so. Call us if you need anything," Anita said as she handed Cassie a bag of toys along with the leashes and chains. 

 Cassie was totally aroused. After last night having slave Julie licking her as she was being fucked by Alex, her pussy was gushing. She wasn't able to orgasm because of the strange girl showing up at the house and stopping her fun. Cassie had fumed all the way home. She couldn't keep her hand out of her crotch the entire drive home. As soon as she hit her room, she ripped her clothes off and grabbed her favorite toy to satisfy her needs. Unfortunately, even though she climaxed several times it paled to what she was certain was building before she was interrupted. 

 As soon as the twins left and shut the door, Cassie took charge. She quickly attached their leashes and dragged Dawn into the adjoining room. "Slave, you are to do whatever anyone desires. You can't refuse anything. But I will probably be sending anyone who wants to fuck a teacher's ass in here. When you finish with a cock call your sister slave teacher to clean up your cum filled hole. Do you understand?" 

 "Yes Mistress, this slut slave will do as ordered," Dawn answered. Dawn knew that shortly she would be fucking most of the seniors at school. The thought was so humiliating that her brain was shutting down, but her body was aroused beyond anything she had ever experienced before. 

 Cassie returned to the other room and grabbed Julie's leash. "Get up on the bed slave. You are to fuck anything with a cock. You are to let them use any hole they want. When you finish with a cock, call for Slave Hauser to clean out your holes. You are not allowed to refuse any command. Do you understand?" 

 "Yes Mistress, I understand," Julie said as a tear ran down her cheek. Julie's mind was now in full slave mode. She no longer cared who knew what she was. The only thing that mattered was to obey her mistress. 

 Cassie then turned to Sandy. The chain still attached to her tongue. "You slave, are going to stay by me. You are to use your mouth to get the cocks ready to fuck the other slaves. That way it won't take long to shoot their loads and we can make sure everyone gets a turn. You are to suck cocks until you take them to their slave, and then clean out any cum so no one will have sloppy seconds." 

 "Yes Mistress, This cum slut slave understands," Sandy said as her mind was anxiously waiting to start. Her training over the last week was fully engrained in her mind and her craving was out of control. Not only was she going to get her fill of cum, but the humiliation of serving her students would satisfy her mind. 

 Cassie smiled as she looked at the sluts waiting to serve. "I guess they might as well start with me." She thought as she walked over to Dawn. 

 Cassie pulled her skirt up to her waist and turned her ass towards Dawn. "Put your tongue to work slut and lick my ass slave." 

 Dawn eyes grew large as she could hardly wait to get started and her mouth was watering. She then grabbed each of Cassie's cheeks and spread them wide. Looking at the brown rosebud in front of her, she leaned forward and lavished her tongue up and down her crack. Cassie had never felt like this before, having total control over three grown women, and having them totally submissive to her every whim was intoxicating. As soon as Dawn's tongue started to probe her ass, she moaned. The deeper the tongue pushed into her sphincter the closer was her orgasm. 

 "Slave Hauser, get over here and lick my cunt. I want to come before anyone else gets here. Sandy quickly rushed over and slid her head between Cassie's spread legs. Her eyes were now looking up at Dawn's tongue probing Cassie's ass. She then extended her tongue and licked the entire length of her slit. Over the next ten minutes both slaves used all their newly acquired talents to bring their new mistress to an overpowering orgasm. 

 Cassie's body was shaking; she was out of control as the two slaves worked their magic with their tongues. When her orgasm hit she nearly blacked out and the only thing keeping her upright was Sandy kneeling between her legs. As she gained control, she pushed the slaves away from her tender ass and cunt. She needed to gather herself to welcome the seniors who should be arriving any minute. 

 Anita and Susanna arrived back at the apartment around eleven. They had been away just over an hour. It spite of the short amount of time, the place smelled of sex. Anita walked into the bedroom and looked at their captives. Both Cindy and Susan were thrashing about on the bed. Their bodies covered in sweat and a large area between their legs soaked with fluids flowing out of their cunts. She smiled as she knew that by the time they would be released they would be slaves to their desires. Desires that they would not be able to control, control that only she and her sister had. 

 Susanna walked in and joined her sister. She looked over and noticed Anita's nipples poking thru her top. Susanna looked up at her sister's face. What she saw was an expression of lust. Anita was aroused and it showed throughout her body. She walked behind her sister and wrapped her arms around her and enveloped her with a hug. Anita's body was totally consumed with arousal and her sister's hug only increased it. Susanna slowly dropped her lips down Anita's neck and gently began to kiss up and down from just below her ear down to just above her shoulder. Anita shivered as she felt the light kisses and the occasional lick from her sister. She turned to face Susanna, closed her eyes and pressed her lips to her sister's and gave her a long sensual kiss. Both teens succumbed to their desires and started to caress the others bodies. In only a matter of seconds they were both naked and consumed with lust. 

 Anita was the first to break away and took her sister's hand and led her to the living room. Once there she pushed her down on the couch. Susanna looked up at her sister, no longer thinking of her as a person but an extension of herself, watched as Anita dropped down beside her and started to gently slide her hands down from her face to her chest. She massaged her shoulders as she moved closer and closer to her tits. Susanna closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations anxiously waiting for the moment when her fingers touched her erect nipples. 

 Anita gently moved her hands around the sides of Susanna tits, but instead of touching her nips she dropped her head and sucked it into her mouth. Susanna gasped as the sensation flowed from her brain to her cunt. 

 Susanna grabbed Anita's head and pushed it down her body towards her cunt, no longer able to control her lust. She needed to feel her sister's tongue caress the center of the arousal. Anita no longer needing direction licked her way to her sister's center. Just as she arrived at the center of Susanna's universe, Anita turned her body and slid on top of her very excited sister. She ended up lying on top of her in a 69 position. Susanna feeling her sister's entire body opened her eyes and was treated to the sight of Anita's bare and excited pussy. Her mouth watered as she slowly extended her tongue and lightly licked Anita's labia, savoring her sister's flavor for the first time. Not knowing what to expect, she gasped as Anita started to lavish her own cunt with her tongue. All inhibitions we gone now as each sibling no longer cared that they were committing incest. All that mattered now was relishing the feeling and experience of their sister's gyrations. It was as if there was a single brain controlling each woman. Working with synchronized actions each knowing exactly what the other desired; they drove their arousal levels higher and higher. Each postponing the others orgasm as their bodies slowly lost all control and began to tremble with excitement. Each teen inserted first one, then two, and finally three fingers into the others body; stroking in and out pushing on that magic spot each and every time; until they were consumed with a massive orgasm. Each convulsing with pleasure as it sent waves emanating out from their cunts to all their extremities. 

 Anita rolled off her sister's body gasping for breath. Never had any slave given her such pleasure. Having the power to control another person enhanced their orgasms, however the orgasm given by her twin, knowing exactly what button to push and exactly when to do it was fantastic. She slowly regained her faculties and lightly caressed Susanna's body. With each touch she could feel her tremble with aftershocks from the orgasm. 

 Susanna opened her eyes and looked down as her sister lying beside her. "My god sis that was amazing. I'm not sure if I can move. My body has totally shut down," She whispered. 

 Anita smiled and closed her eyes and feel into a deep sleep. Susanna followed shortly and both teens slept with their heads lying on the others legs; their noses almost touching each others labia. 

 Anita woke first, her head still between her sister's legs. She stuck out her tongue and lightly licked Susanna's slit. Hearing her sister moan she pushed forward and worked her way up to her clit. Just as the tip of her tongue touched the tender nub, Susanna gasped and grabbed her sister's head. 

 "OHHH... GAWWD... Right there touch me right there. Harder, lick harder!" She cried as she pulled Anita's mouth tighter to her cunt. 

 Anita was having trouble breathing as all air was cut off by her sister. She quickly recovered and pulled her head out from between Susanna's legs. 

 "Oh please don't stop, I'm right there, please do it again Nita," She begged. 

 "Not yet you slut, I have plans for you." Anita said as she stood and walked into the bedroom. 

 Susanna quickly pushed her hands down to her cunt and started to rub her clit. She was very aroused again and wanted to get off in the worst way. 

 "Get your hands out of there slut." Anita shouted as she returned from the bedroom. She was carrying a large suitcase. Susanna quickly did as told looking at her suddenly dominate sister. 

 "Slide off the couch and lay on you back sis and put your hands above you head." Anita commanded. 

 Susanna smiled and said, "Yes Mistress, just what are you planning?" As she slid down to the floor and followed her sister's directions. 

 "Just do as you are told and you will find out slut." Anita answered. 

 "Hey I'm not a slut, except maybe to you." Susanna answered coyly. 

 Anita knelt by Susanna's head and opened the case. The first thing she pulled out was a blindfold. She quickly placed it around Susanna's head and covered her eyes. 

 "Ohhhh, I can't wait. What other surprises do you have in store for me?" 

 "Quiet slut or I'll gag you." Anita answered as she pulled out a set of cuffs which she quickly locked on Susanna's wrists. She then took out a length of rope and tied one end to the chain connecting the cuffs. She then took the other end and tied it to one of the couch legs, locking her sister's hands above her head. 

 "MMM... Tying me up, I always wanted to know what it would feel like to be helpless. You won't hurt me will you?" Susanna moaned. 

 "No, I won't hurt you." Anita said as she was securing her ankles to a spreader bar. "Not much anyway." 

 Susanna's body already aroused by Anita's tongue lashing a few minute before was now getting very aroused. After all the times she had tied up her slave she was now in the exact position and her body was enjoying every minute. 

 "Anita, please play with my cunt. I need to come. Please make me cum, Mistress," She said as she was getting into the role of slave to her sister. 

 "OK slut, I told you to be quiet now you have to suffer the consequences." Anita whispered into her sister's ear as she pulled a gag out of the case and shoved it into her mouth. 

 Susanna was taken by surprise by the gag and tried to tell her sister to stop, but as she was helplessly bound there was nothing she could do. 

 Anita then went down to the spreader bar and tied a length of rope from one cuff around a railing beside the door and back to the other cuff and pulled till her sister's body was tightly strung out on the floor. Susanna now could not move. She was blindfolded and gagged, totally helpless. 

 "Relax my little slut. You're going to love this. Trust me; I won't hurt you, much," Anita cooed to her bound sister. 

 Susanna was now extremely excited, she had no control over what was happening to her and had no idea what Anita had planned. Her cunt was oozing copious amounts of pre-cum and it was flowing down over her ass. Just then she felt a hand lightly touching her tits. Gently feeling her sister fingers circling her orbs gradually moving closer to her nipples. She groaned as Anita wouldn't touch her hardened nipples but driving her crazy coming oh so close. 

 Suddenly something clamped down on the excited nubs, sending a shock of pain to her brain and down to her cunt. 

 Anita smiled as she watched her sister squirm as the effects of the nipple clamps pushed her sister's body into hyper drive. She then slid her hand down and touched Susanna's clit, only just brushing it. Susanna's entire body went rigid as soon as her finger touched the extended nub. 

 Susanna was hyperventilating as all the sensations wracking her body were overwhelming. Just as she started to calm down, Anita grabbed a crop and smacked it down on Susanna's exposed cunt. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 12 ****** bysadkins116© Susanna body again jumped and a scream escaped out around the gag only to be replaced with a moan from deep within her chest; as Anita followed the blow with another caress on her clit. 

 Back and forth Anita took her sister, pain followed by pleasure, followed by pain. Never giving her any break; always keeping her guessing what she was going to do next. Always keeping her at the brink of a massive orgasm but never providing enough stimuli to take her over the top. 

 Anita then grabbed a small anal plug and placed it at the entrance to Susanna's ass. Susanna had no idea of what she was doing, till she felt the pressure of it entering her rear passage. As she tried to close her sphincter to keep out the intruder, Anita again brought the crop down this time directly on her clit. 

 

 Susanna screamed and pushed her ass away from the crop, only to push the plug deep into her ass. She again screamed as the pain registered to her brain as her virgin ass was trying to accommodate the probe firmly seated in her ass. 

 Anita smiled and knelt down beside Susanna's torso. She stuck out her tongue and started to lick her way slowly down her stomach. Each lick sliding closer to Susanna's pussy. Susanna already overstimulated wanted nothing more than to have her sister to eat her and allow her to orgasm. But after being denied so many times could only moan and pray her mistress would finally give her relief. 

 

 Anita, sensing her sister's surrender slid her tongue down to the sloppy cunt in front of her and sucked the clit into her mouth. 

 Susanna screamed as a massive orgasm exploded out and consumed her body. Anita not stopping kept riding the bucking slut beneath her keeping her mouth firmly planted on the exposed clit, sucking, biting, and licking it till she felt her sister's body go limp. The stimuli had finally shut down her brain. The only thing moving were the shudders from the muscle contractions as the orgasm pulsed through her body. 

 Anita smiled as she started to release her comatose sister. Suddenly there was a loud bang at the door and in walked four large men. Anita jumped and tried to run but there was nowhere to go and the men quickly grabbed her and pulled a bag over her head. In a matter of seconds, Anita's hands were cuffed behind her back and her feet shackled together. She tried to struggle screaming for them to release her but then she felt a prick on her arm and everything went black. 

 "We have the twins boss and Susan and her friend." The leader said into the cell phone. "No the teachers aren't here." 

 "Hey boss, I don't know what they were doing here but Susan and her friend is tied to the bed, naked with all kinds of wire connected to them. What should we do?" 

 "OK, but what about the teachers?" "OK I'll call you back after we release the two. I don't know if they will be able to talk though. It looks like the twins are using some kind of mind altering contraption on them. It might be awhile before they are coherent." 

 "OK, I will keep you posted. Goodbye." He said as he hung up the cell. 

 "OK, Bill, help me release the two girls in the bed room. Be careful I don't know what to expect. We don't want to freak them out. Make sure we have something to cover them with." He said to the man standing over Susanna. 

 The two walked into the bed room and looked down at the two squirming naked young women bound to the bed. Jack, the leader walked to the night stand and looked at the controller. He quickly found the pause button and shut everything down. 

 Susan and Cindy collapsed on the bed as this was the first time in what seemed like hours there were no stimuli exciting their bodies or minds. The lack of anything pleasuring, causing pain, or bombarding their brains with instructions, left the young women totally lost. They could not hear, see, or speak. They were still bound tight to the bed and could not move. Both groaned and pushed their cunts out to try to find some kind of stimulus to allow them to finally orgasm. 

 As Jack and Bill started to remove the clips, vibrators, and plugs, Susan and Cindy started to hyperventilate, realizing that there would be no more vibrations and with that no orgasm. Jack looked over at Bill and said, "We have to be careful how we release them. I don't know how they are going to react. Go get another couple of needles ready. If they freak out we will knock them out so they don't hurt themselves. Just give them enough to put them under for a few minutes. Got it? 

 "OK Jack, give me a minute." Bill answered. 

 Bill returned a few minutes later with a small pouch. He readied the needles and stood ready as Jack started to release Susan. 

 Jack first grabbed the headset, as he removed it he spoke. "Susan, stay calm, we are here to get you out of here. Don't panic we won't hurt you." 

 Susan hearing the strange man's voice didn't understand what was going on and started to struggle. Jack then grabbed the gag and unhooked it from behind her head. When he pulled it from her mouth, Susan screamed. 

 "Oh God please let me come, Oh please let me serve my mistress." 

 "Susan, we were sent by Jason Marshall. We are here to get you and the teachers out before the FBI raids the Martinez's. Do you remember?" Jack said, trying to speak in a calm voice so as not to scare her. 

 Jack then removed the blindfold and Susan blinked trying to see who was speaking to her. When she saw the large men she immediately thought it was the thugs that captured them earlier. Her mind not comprehending what was said went into full panic mode and her whole body started to struggle against her bonds. 

 "Stick her Bill. We'll release her when she is out so she doesn't hurt herself." Jack said. 

 Bill quickly took the needle and pushed it into her arm. Susan stopped struggling and soon was fast asleep. 

 "You might as well stick the other one as well. Hopefully when they come too we can talk to them." 

 Bill grabbed another needle and did the same to Cindy. As soon as she was out, the two men set about to release the two co-eds and looked around for something to wrap them in. 

 "What's with this place? There are no clothes, sheets, nothing. What did they wear here? What in the world has been going on here?" Bill asked. 

 "I don't know, but from what Mr. Marshall told me, the twins captured two teachers in their school and turned them into sex slaves. Susan here knew one of the teachers and is trying to rescue them from these two. It looks like they are using some kind of brainwashing contraption to program them to submit to them. I guess their parents are involved with all kinds of illegal activities including white slavery. The whole family is about to be raided by the FBI and we are supposed to get the teachers away before the raids. We have to find out where the teachers are and grab them. We need one of these women to spill their location and wrap this up soon." 

 "Hey, the one tied up on the floor is still awake. Maybe she can help?" Bill suggested. 

 "OK, go out to the van and see if we have something for these two to wear. I'm going out and convince her to tell us what we want to know." Jack ordered. 

 "Yes sir," Bill answered. 

 Jack walked into the living room. He looked down at the helpless Susanna still recovering from her orgasm. He knelt down and pulled off the blindfold. Susanna blinked as her eyes adjusted to the light. As her eyes focused she saw a strange man kneeling over her. Panic was immediate and she started to struggle to get away, but her sister's binding would not give. Jack smacked her across the cheek and said, "Stop struggling and be quiet. I have some questions for you and if you know what is good for you, you will answer. If you lie to me it will only get worse. Do you understand?" 

 Cassie, coming down from her orgasm, gathered her senses and took control once again. She grabbed Dawn's leash and said, "Time to get started, stay here you will have company shortly." She then grabbed Sandy's leash and walked into the other room. Just as she arrived there was a knock at the door. Cassie walked to the door and opened it. Standing there were four guys Cassie recognized from school. She didn't know their names but had seen them in the halls. 

 "Hey guys, what can I do for you?" 

 "We heard there was a party here and wanted to partake." The first one said. 

 "Well you came to the right place. Here are the rules. There are three sluts here ready to make your dreams come true. The only rules are you have to be 18 and can't permanently mark them and you can't let anyone know about this unless you hear from me. These sluts want cocks. You can fuck them in any of their holes. You might even recognize them, which makes it all the more fun. Do you have a problem with any of this?" Cassie instructed. 

 All four boys quickly in unison said "NO" 

 "Good, come on end and get your cocks out." 

 As each of them entered they gasped as there kneeling beside Cassie was a naked Miss Hauser. Her body decorated with chains and bracelets. Kneeling on the bed was a naked Miss Julie the front office assistant. She too was wearing a collar and leash. 

 "OK, who's first?" 

 "I am," said the first teen to enter. 

 Alright, get your pants off and let slave Hauser get you ready. When you are hard enough let her know. Oh and let her know if you want a blowjob, pussy fuck or ass fuck. She will make your dream cum true. When she finishes with him, she'll do the same for the rest of you. Got it?" 

 "Oh yeah, I got It." As he quickly pulled his pants off and tossed them in the corner of the room. The other teens quickly follow suit and soon all four were naked and sporting large erections. 

 "I guess it won't take much to get you ready." Cassie said as she looked at their cocks. 

 Sandy knew exactly what to do and crawled over and swallowed the first boys cock deep into her mouth. In just a couple of strokes he started to moan as Sandy fucked her own face with his cock. Sandy, after spending a few days at the glory hole knew just when to quit and pulled the cock from her mouth. She looked up at him and said, "Ass, mouth, or cunt?" 

 "Wow, I want a cunt." Sandy grabbed his cock and led him over to the bed with Julie kneeling. She smiled as she pulled him closer and lined his cock up with Julie's cunt. "Let me know when you are done and I will clean you up." 

 "God I can't believe this, I'm having a teacher blow me and help me fuck another woman. I could get used to this," He said and burst out laughing. 

 Sandy quickly crawled over to the next teen and enveloped his cock in her mouth. The teen looking down at his English teacher climaxed immediately and sprayed his cum into her mouth. Sandy savoring the taste knew it wouldn't be long before he recovered looked up at him. She hadn't really looked at any of the teens, but now she recognized that she had just sucked a student's cock from her second period class. The humiliation washed over her body and she blushed down to her tits. 

 "Relax for a second and I will come back to you." She then turned to the third teen and grabbed his cock. It was noticeably larger than the other two as she gently stroked it before sucking into her mouth. This teen had much better control and grabbed her hair. He quickly took control and started to fuck her face. 

 Cassie watched in amazement as the once respected teacher was humiliating herself and allowing each teen to do whatever they wanted. "Hey you might want to ease up. She is just to get you ready for the main course." 

 He looked over at Cassie and smiled. "You're right, where is the ass I can fuck?" He asked as he released Sandy's head. 

 "Right this way, sir," Sandy answered as she grabbed his cock and led him to the other room. When he finally saw who was on the bed he yelled, "Alright, its Miss Reynolds." Dawn heard the voice and recognized him as one of her problem kids from last year. It was Tim and he always gave her trouble. She had even had him suspended once. She dropped her head and wiggled her ass as Sandy lined his cock up with her rear passage. 

 Tim smiled as he looked down and the humiliated teacher kneeling on the bed in front of him. "Not so high and mighty now are you slut? I want you to beg me to pound your ass with my cock." 

 Dawn moaned, her body craving to have her ass filled, but her mind reeling from the humiliation of it being a past student. A student that was a problem for her, but her training would not let her refuse his command. "Please sir, pound my ass with your wonderful cock. Please make me scream with pleasure and fill my ass with your cum," She cried. 

 Tim smiled a wicked smile and shoved hard as his cock pushed past her sphincter and slid deep into her bowels. Dawn gasped as she didn't realize how large he was as the pain shot through her body. Tim pulled back and pushed forward hard, bottoming out as his ball bounced against her cunt. Not giving her a chance to recover he proceeded to pummel her ass again and again. Sandy watching was mesmerized by the scene as the large cock pushed in and out of her friend's ass. 

 Cassie, wondering where she was called out, "Slave, get back in here, you have work to do." 

 Sandy jumped at the command and quickly crawled back into the other room. There were now five students waiting in line and Cassie was looking angry. Sandy quickly grabbed the first cock and sucked it into her mouth and with each of her hands grabbed two other cocks. All the boys smiled as they each recognized the slutty teacher working on their excited units. In a matter of seconds they were each ready and called out their preferences. Sandy took the first two to Julie. The first teen had finished and turned towards the kneeling slave. Sandy took his soft cock into her mouth and cleaned it with her tongue. She then leaned over and licked Julie's dripping pussy. Licking up any fluids and sucking as much cum out of her hole as she could. 

 The two boys watched in amazement as the slut finished her job, slapping high fives and laughing. Sandy's humiliation was now off the charts. She knew that after today she would never be able to go back to any sort of normal life. She then turned and pushed one cock into Julie's cunt and the other into Julie's mouth. 

 Sandy crawled across the room to work on the next in line. Taking three at a time, her mouth and two hands, she soon worked up a rhythm. Soon both slaves on the beds had all three holes filled. Each slave sitting on a teen's lap with a cock filling her cunt, another teen fucking her ass, and a third standing beside her head, filling her mouth. Sandy was kept in constant motion going between the rooms. Cleaning whatever cock and hole as it became available, leading the next cock to take its place. 

 Both Dawn and Julie were no longer aware of what was going on. Their minds had shut down. The only thing was the constant feel of a cock penetrating their body. There was no pleasure only cocks and cum. Julie's knees were now raw from crawling from slave to slave. Her stomach was now full of cum and her mouth sore and aching. It seemed that an endless stream of young men entering the room. At the end of the first hour, the rush was over. As the last young man walked out the door each of the slaves collapsed. They were exhausted and it was only just after noon. 

 Cassie looked down at Sandy lying at her feet. She was a mess; her face covered in cum and drool. Her hair a mess as several of the boys had used her hair to fuck her face. She had never seen anything like this before. She almost felt sorry for the sluts as the thought of fucking and sucking so many boys was overwhelming. But that soon passed as there was a knock at the door. "I guess its round two sluts." She said as the slaves groaned. 

 When she opened the door, Cassie squealed. Standing in front of her were several of her girlfriends, and all of them were looking pissed. 

 "Hey girls, what's up?" 

 "You know what's up. Who are the sluts fucking our boyfriends." They asked. 

 Cassie smiled, "Anita said you would be by. Let me show you," Cassie answered as she swung the door open. All five girls gasped as in front of them was a naked and chained Miss Hauser kneeling on the floor. 

 "Oh My God, that's Miss Hauser. She's the slut?" 

 "Oh that's not all, check out the bed. Miss Julie from the office is there, and in the other room is Miss Reynolds!" Cassie exclaimed. The five senior girls walked into the room and looked at each of the three slaves. 

 "What is going on?" 

 "They are slaves of Anita and Susanna. They love being fucked, humiliated, and spanked. They will do whatever we want. Slave Hauser loves cum, pain, and humiliation. Slave Reynolds craves asses and humiliation, and slave Julie just loves it all." 

 "Anita figured you guys would stop by but don't worry. You won't see these three again. I guess they are going to be leaving after today. They just wanted to share them with the school. Hey want to have some fun? They will do anything you want." Cassie beamed as she told her friends. 

 The girls looked at each other and smiled. Each of them at one time or another had had trouble with a teacher. This would be a perfect time to get revenge, even if they had never had trouble with these particular teachers. 

 "Wow, I don't know what to say but let's have fun," Said Sally, to the others, "What should we do first?" 

 "I know," Said Patty from the back, "Let's make them lick our asses. I've always wanted to have a teacher kiss my ass." 

 "Wow that's hot and maybe piss all over them. They always pissed on me with all the homework," Said another girl in the group. 

 "Hey whatever you want just tell them what to do. They are slaves and have no rights," Cassie said. 

 Patty was the first to react. "OK slaves get in here on your knees now." 

 Dawn, Julie and Sandy quickly complied and were now kneeling naked before the six young women. 

 Cassie looked at the others and said, "Hey I got a suitcase full of toys if you want to use them." All of the girls rushed over to see what was in the case and each grabbed several things. 

 "First things first ladies, lets attach their tits together with these clips, so when one moves it hurts the others also." "Great idea, but I want to fill their asses with these giant plugs. Teachers are such a pain in the ass," Another girl said laughing. 

 "I want to spank their ass with this paddle. I got a paddling once and I want some payback." 

 "Great let's get started," Patty said. 

 In a matter of minutes, Dawn, Julie and Sandy were standing in front of the vindictive young women. Each had a clip attached to one of their nipples and on the other end of the chain attached to another slave's nipple. It didn't matter which slave moved, it pulled on all of their nipples. Another girl had taken clips and attached them the same way to their clits. All the slaves were writhing in pain as Patty pulled them around the room by Sandy's tongue ring. After a few minutes of this, they had the slaves bend over and spread their cheeks exposing their rear passage. Three of the girls, each had an enormous anal plug. Each of them had greased it liberally. Patty again took charge. "On the count of three, each of you push the plug into the ass in front of you. The one who gets their plug in first gets to choose what happens next. The slave that is last in getting the plug inserted is the one we start with. Everyone got that?" 

 "Yes," they all said in unison. 

 "OK, One... Two... Three!" 

 All three slaves screamed as the girls pushed the plugs past their sphincters. Dawn, being the ass slave, quickly accepted the plug and moaned with pleasure. Sandy was next and Julie bringing up the rear. 

 "Sally won, what do we do to slave Julie?" Patty asked. 

 "Sally thought for a moment, and then smiled, "I was so pissed off yesterday when my History teacher took my phone. Let's take them all into the shower and piss all over her. Then the other two can lick her off." Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Teacher Teacher Ch. 12 ****** bysadkins116© "Sally! You are evil and I love it. OK slaves you heard her, get into the shower, now!" 

 Sandy, Dawn, and Julie, having trouble standing up straight with the large plugs in their asses slowly moved in unison to the shower, with each slave's movements shooting pain out from their nipples and clits. Soon all three were kneeling in the shower with Julie's mouth open waiting on the first girl to pee. 

 Sally was the first as it was her idea. She quickly removed her panties and raised her skirt. "God I don't know if I can go in front of everyone," She said. 

 "Just get on with it. Stand on the tub over her head and let loose. I want to go next," Said Patty. 

 Sally climbed onto the tub and stood over Julie's face. Her cunt just inches from her nose. She closed her eyes and relaxed her body. At first it was just a couple of drops, then a small stream, then the dam burst as her bladder released its content onto Julie's face. 

 "Open your mouth slut," Patty commanded. 

 Julie for the second time that day was drinking piss. What surprised her was that instead of being disgusted, the warm liquid running down her face and into her mouth excited her. Julie's mind was now accepting the humiliation and embracing it. 

 Ten seconds later the flow stopped and another girl replaced Sally. But now the others not waiting to piss on Julie, jumped up on the tub and proceeded to soak the other two slaves with their urine. 

 Sandy, watching the spectacle beside her couldn't understand what was going through her mind. Instead of being repulsed by the obscene act, she wished it was her being sprayed. When a girl stepped in front of her, she quickly pushed out her tongue and leaned forward to capture every drop. She was relishing the taste and the humiliation. 

 Dawn on the other hand, had trouble handling everything. When she swallowed the first gulp it came right back up and she vomited all over her body. 

 "Yuck how gross, you puked up all over yourself slave. Here let me wash if off you," as the girl in front of her directed her piss down her body. 

 Dawn could not look at anyone. She dropped her head and looked down at the mess covering her body. She no longer felt like a human being. Tears ran down her face and she started to cry uncontrollably. Her body then slumped to the floor of the tub, pulling the other slaves down with her. Soon all three slaves were lying in a large puddle of piss and vomit. 

 "Oh God, I can't stand this. Someone turn on the shower and wash these sluts off." Patty said. 

 Cassie watched in fascination as her long time friends degraded the slaves. She felt a little bit of remorse for the former teachers and mother. She wondered what had happened that was so bad that they accepted what was happening to them. 

 Patty and Sally and two of the other girls walked out of the bathroom. The other girls turned on the shower and sprayed the slaves down with cold water. 

 Julie, Sandy and Dawn looked like a mass of naked flesh, all lying in the tub. As soon as the cold water started to cascade down their bodies, each of the slaves jumped trying to get away from the freezing cold water. Each movement pulled at their nipples and clits. All three slaves moaned as the effects of the golden showers and the water confused their brains. 

 "OK sluts, stand up and finish cleaning your disgusting bodies and get back out into the main room." One girl commanded the slaves. 

 As the submissive women untangled their bodies and stood, each trembling from the cold. They quickly started to wash each other trying to keep any movements to a minimum. The girls watched for a few moments, then left the room to join their friends. 

 Sandy was the first to speak, "I don't know if I will survive. I can't resist obeying my mistress and my body is no longer under my control. Do you know what they are going to do to us?" she said to the others. 

 Julie answered, "I don't know what to expect. I just hope they let me cum." 

 When the slaves returned to the main room, standing in front of them were the five girls and now there were three young men. Dawn recognized the boys as they were in her 6th period class last year. Both were known around school as being bullies. Both Dawn and Julie had run ins with them in the past. Now, standing naked and chained in front of them sent shivers down their spines. 

 Cassie took charge, "OK slaves, on your knees right here," she indicated near her feet. The three submissive sluts quickly complied and knelt beside their mistress. 

 Cassie removed the clips from each of their nipples and clits. Each slave was now moaning and rubbing their screaming body parts. Cassie smiled as she watched them squirm as she reached behind each one and pulled the large plugs out of their asses. 

 "Sluts, you will each kneel down in front of one of my friend sitting on the chairs. You will then use your tongues to satisfy their needs. You three men get behind the slaves and enjoy anything you see. You other two girls grab a crop and pound away. Everyone got it?" 

 There was a chorus of yes and three moans. Just as each slave was in place, Cassie walked up to the boys and handed them a probe. Use this when you want to motivate your slave. One touch of that really gets their attention. 

 Julie was the first to start. In front of her was Jules, she was the head cheerleader. Her long blond hair was tied in a ponytail and her face was perfect. Her muscular lags were spread and her naked slit was leaking slightly. She looked down at the submissive mother in front of her. The situation was strangely exciting to her. Maybe it was because of Julie being a mother, and Jules always fantasized about dominating her mother and Julie reminded her of her mother. She grabbed Julie's leash and roughly pulled her face into her crotch. "Now get that nasty tongue of yours busy and eat my cunt slut." 

 Everyone in the room fell silent, as no one had ever heard Jules talk like that. She was always the nice prim Miss Goody Two Shoes. 

 Jules looked around the room and said, "These worthless sluts don't deserve anything nice. Get up there and fuck her ass NOW!" As the boy standing behind Julie snapped to action. He quickly grabbed his cock and lined it up with her puckered ring and pushed. Julie's eyes widened as the large intruder slipped past her sphincter. As the large cock pushed further and further up her ass, Julie groaned and pushed her tongue deeper into Jules cunt. 

 Dawn watched for a moment then slid forward to the young woman in front of her. She didn't recognize her but it didn't matter. In front of her was the sweetest ass she had ever seen. The neatly trimmed pussy was leaking like a faucet. But the little pink rosebud had captured all of her attention. Dawn knew immediately she would do anything shove her tongue deep into her ass. 

 Just as her tongue reached the excited slit, a large cock entered her cunt. Dawn was no longer in control of her mind or body. Her body was now driven by lust and her mind refusing to disobey any command. 

 Sandy relished being in this humiliating situation, having to submit to the hierarchy of the student body and commanded to fuck any cock fed her addiction. She anxiously dove into the young woman in front of her, licking the aroused cunt and sucking the clit. She knew that in spite of everything, this is where she belonged. To complete her world a cock entered her ass and pounded her to an orgasm. 

 Five minutes later, everyone in the room was moaning and groaning as the slaves were spit roasted. Licking the cunts in front of them and being fucked from behind. The two other young women were totally enjoying alternating between slapping them with a flogger and smacking them with a crop. 

 No one heard the door open till it was too late. Cassie was the first to notice the four large men standing just inside the door. 

 "Who are you? What are you doing here?" She asked with a little nervous twinge in her voice. 

 That got everyone else attention, everyone but the slaves, who kept licking and pushing back on the cocks embedded into their holes. All of them jumped up and tried to cover themselves, but just a word stopped them in their tracks. 

 "FREEZE!" came the command from the largest of the men. Everyone froze in place. The only noise was the slurping and moaning of the slaves working to get the cocks back into their bodies. 

 "Each of you stand up and face the wall." All the teens quickly complied, standing naked facing the common wall between the rooms. 

 As the slaves started to stand and join the students, the other men grabbed them a wrapped them in blankets and pulled them outside. The large man standing behind the scared, naked students, bent over and started to grab the clothes lying around the room. 

 "So you like to humiliate people do you? You like to be in charge? Well let's see how you like it when the shoe is on the other foot. The police will be in here shortly and I happen to know that the whole thing has been filmed. You can thank your friends, Anita and Susanna. They set up cameras in each room and recorded everything that happened. I now have that disk and I'm giving it to the police. I wonder what your parents, relatives will think when it becomes public knowledge. I hope you like you time in Jail." 

 All of the teens started to cry. "Oh please sirs don't do that. Please don't we will do anything you want," Said Jules the cheerleader. 

 "Shut the fuck up, you should have thought of that before you took part in this." He said as he walked out the door. 

 As he walked to the van, he handed the disk to the police captain. We have the three women; they will be at the clinic. I'm sure what you will find on this disk will let you know who was in charge. 

 He then walked to the van, jumped in and drove away. The police captain looked at the disk and ordered his men into the rooms. 

 By the end of the day, the Martinez's homes, businesses, and all properties were raided. It was the largest raid of its kind in history in the state. All said and done, some 40 people were arrested, including the mayor and his wife, the police chief, two councilmen, three school board members, and the principal of the high school. It took all day to gather everyone and put them in jail. Who wasn't found were the twins? The FBI thought they had slipped out of town and put out a BOLO to all neighboring states. 

 It was now Saturday afternoon when Mr. Marshall walked into the police station. He walked up to the Assistant Police chief and shook his hand. "Hey Bill, big day," John Marshall said. 

 "Yeah John it was. Do you have the teachers?" He asked. 

 "Yes I do. They're in a clinic outside of town. We'll keep them there till things cool off. You can talk to them in a day or so. So far none of them know where they are. Their minds are pretty confused. By the way, did you pick up the twins?" John Marshall asked. 

 "No we haven't found them yet, but we'll find them." 

 "Did you go to the teacher's apartment? We left them there. We connected them to the same machine they used on the others. They should be very cooperative by now." John said and laughed. 

 "Damn John, you should have told me earlier. What did you do to them?" 

 "No problem Bill, we just told them that they really love each other and anyone for that matter, oh and to always tell the truth. If you want to know anything about what was going on in the house just ask. They will be happy to tell you anything you want to know." John smiled and walked out of the station. 

 The assistant police chief quickly turned and ordered the apartment searched. Thirty minutes later four officers arrived at Dawn's apartment. With them knowing that Miss Reynolds was in the hospital they tried the door without knocking. It was unlocked. As they cautiously entered the living room, the smell of sex permeated the room. There was no sign of the twins, but it did look like there was a struggle. As they worked to clear the rooms, the officer that entered the bedroom called out, "In here, the twins are in here!" 

 The other officers quickly entered the bedroom. What they saw took them by surprise. There lying on the bed, naked and helplessly bound were the twins. Attached to their bodies were a series of wires leading to a box beside the bed. The girls were gagged, blindfolded, and wearing headsets. They were each thrusting their hips into the air trying to chase something. The bed had two very large wet spots between the girl's legs. There was drool running out of their mouths. Their bare pussies pulsed around a vibrator kept in with clips and wires. 

 Both girls were moaning in frustration as for the last 22 hours they had been under constant assault. The constant bombardment of voices enhanced by the forced inducement of pain and pleasure, with no controls and no relief had had the desired effect. Both Anita and Susanna were no longer in control. Each of their brains now had only one desire, the desire to serve a mistress. 

 When the officers started to release them from their bindings they started to panic. Anita quickly pulled off her blindfold to come face to face with a uniformed police officer. Her brain recognized that she was naked, but her body refused to move to cover up in modesty. Her brain relishing in the humiliation as her pussy gushed with arousal. When Susanna was released, she quickly rolled over and grabbed her sister. She pulled Anita's face around to face her and savagely kissed her, aggressively shoving her tongue deep in Anita's mouth. 

 As the officers watched, mesmerized by the sight in front of them, identical twins, being released from being tied on the bed for a day, and the first thing they do is have an incestuous kiss. No one moved, till the twins turned their heads and looked at the officers staring at them. Anita leaned into her sister and slid her hand up Susanna's leg. She slid it further and further till she reached the center of her core. The core of her being was now the source of everything important, her cunt. 

 It was then that the sergeant walked into the room and took charge, "What are you gawking at, get them released and for god's sake cover them up." 

 All four officers jumped and quickly followed commands. The twins were quickly covered with blankets and taken out to the cruisers. When they arrived at the police station, both girls were now aware of their surroundings but due to the commands implanted for the last several hours the only thing on their minds were to satisfy their bodies cravings for climaxes. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

 Six months later; 

 Sandy was sitting at the dining room table reading the morning paper. The latest headline was detailing another politician in the Martinez's pocket. Juan and Christina Martinez were now in prison, each sentenced to long prison terms. All shots at a plea bargain went out the window when their daughters testified against them. Both girls told everything they knew about what happened at their home. It was as if they couldn't stop talking. The girls themselves were also in jail. It was argued in court that the girls were now so submissive that they should be sent to a hospital instead of a prison. The defense attorney was sure that the girls would end up as slaves serving the entire prison. The judge rejected the arguments and smiled as she sent them away for five years. After what was presented in court it seemed that being prison slave seemed like a just punishment. 

 Sandy read every article published about the scandal. Every time she read their names or saw a picture of the twins, her body reacted. Again and again she flashed back to that week that changed her life. Her and Dawn's stay at the clinic lasted several weeks. The first couple Sandy still doesn't remember. It just seemed like she just woke up and was in the hospital. Over the next couple of months and countless hours of therapy she was now able to think for herself. She no longer thought of herself as a slave, slut, cunt, or any of the other derogatory names the evil twins called her. She made her own decisions. 

 Dawn was just waking up and stretched her body. The bed felt wonderful, sheets, blankets, and pillows. That week in hell now gave her a new perspective about life. She now realized that you have to enjoy each minute, because you never know when it can be taken away. She rolled over and climbed out of bed. She was dressed in a powder blue tank top that barely covered her tits and a pair of bikini panties. The nipple rings and chains still attached to her body. They wanted to cut them off at the hospital, but she refused. In spite of the deprogramming she needed her chains. The feel of them excited her. Although during the week she experienced unspeakable acts on and to her, it made her realize that she craved the sexual highs. Totally submitting to someone was liberating. The loss of control allowed her the freedom be relieved of being responsible for her actions. It was like nothing she had ever experienced. 

 Dawn walked into the kitchen; sitting at the table was Sandy reading the paper. Her hand was inside her panties as she was teasing her clit. Her panties wet with her arousal. Dawn smiled as she watched her friend. She must be reading about the twins again, she thought. 

 "G'morning Sandy," Dawn said cheerfully. 

 "Oh, morning Dawn," Sandy answered as she pulled her hand from her clit. 

 "More articles on the Martinez in the paper?" 

 "Yes, how did you know?" 

 "Every time you hear their names or read anything in the paper you get horny," Dawn answered. 

 "I can't help it. What happened to us scared the hell out of me, but whenever I hear anything about that family my body takes over. If they ever get out of prison I'm afraid I'll go back to them," Sandy said while blinking back a tear. 

 

 Dawn walked over and hugged her friend, "Yes I know me too." 

 As the two women embraced each other there was a knock at the door. 

 "Are you expecting anyone?" Sandy asked Dawn. 

 "No, as far as I know, no one knows I'm here," She answered. 

 Sandy stood and walked to the door. She looked through the peep hole and screamed... Report_Story 