#1 

 

 ****** That Damned Valentine's Day Card ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© =============================== 

 He made her an offer, 7 years later she took him up on it. 

 This is an entry in the VALENTINES DAY STORY CONTEST 2013. 

 =============================== 

 I was lying back in exhausted post-coital bliss. A smile affixed to my face unlikely to be removed by anything short of the apocalypse. 

 My sexy wife of six years had placed it there. It was a tradition. Every Valentine's day since we first met, I tried my best to spoil her as much as humanly possible, and she worked her damnedest to kill me with sex. It had been close this year. I was convinced she'd stopped my heart at least three times. 

 "You win," I murmured sleepily, reaching out for her. 

 She seemed about as done in as I was, yet still managed to roll onto her side and cuddle up to me. "No way. That balloon ride? Ankle deep in rose petals, and the pilot behind the gauze curtain, allowing us our privacy? How did you ever come up with that?" 

 "You inspire me." 

 She chuckled, and kissed my shoulder. "Alex?" 

 "Yes, darling, love of my life," I said softly, my eyes closed, the siren call of sleep stealing me away. 

 "I...I've been thinking of using my 'card'." 

 At first I wasn't sure I'd heard her right. Her 'card'? Wait. Not the card! That woke me up. 

 Shit. The card? She would spring it on me now? Seven years without a word, then tonight? 

 "Did you hear me?" she asked nervously. 

 "Yes, Sheri. I heard you." I tried to keep my voice calm and even. 

 "What do you think?" she was tensing up, and I figured it might well be in response to my own reactions. My heart was beating a mile a minute. I couldn't even think straight. 

 "Now?" I asked, trying to mask my anger. "You would suggest that now? Tonight of all nights?" 

 She moved away slowly, until only her hand was touching me softly. "I'm sorry, but if I do, it has to be soon," she answered quietly. 

 I sat up, my stomach roiling. "Happy fucking Valentine's Day," I murmured, as I climbed off the bed, and made my way to the bedroom door. 

 I walked out to the living room, and headed for the refrigerator. I grabbed a beer, then changed my mind and took the whole six-pack. I had the first one half-finished before I sat down on the couch. 

 The Card. Her Get-out-of-jail free card. She actually wanted to use it. 

 Seven years ago tonight. Valentine's Day. I'd proposed several days earlier, and she'd waffled. She wasn't sure she was ready. I was 25, but she was only 21, still in college. We'd met over the summer, 9 months earlier, and it had seemed perfect. From the first time I met her, to our first time having sex three months later, she was all I could think about. 

 She seemed to have it just as bad; the looks she gave me were nothing short of adoring. We were teased by both our families incessantly, about being love- struck teenagers. I didn't care. She was the one. 

 Perhaps that's why I was so surprised at the results when I got on my knee and proposed, holding out the ring I'd bought. She seemed overjoyed, looking around the room at our family, who I'd gathered together for the occasion. 

 She laughed, smiling, and took the box. "God, Alex. I love you so much, it's beautiful." I was grinning from ear to ear when she leaned down and kissed my cheek. She brought her lips to my ears, and said those frightening four words. 

 "We need to talk." 

 I forced a smile on my face, and everyone cheered and toasted us. Congratulating us. Falsely, it turned out. She never said yes. 

 Sure, she put on a beautiful front, proclaiming her love, hugging me kissing me. I guess she didn't want to embarrass me. But she closed the box, without taking the ring out, and whispered those four little words, shattering my world. 

 I kept up appearances as best as I could, then when I had a chance, I went outside, got in my car and drove home, without saying goodbye. I could feel the hot tears finally escaping. How could I have been so wrong? 

 I turned off my cell-phone, bolted the door when I got home, and unplugged the phone. I drank a half-bottle of scotch, and collapsed in the bed, wondering what I was going to do with the rest of my life. She was the one. She was. There had been nobody before her that attracted me half as powerfully as she did. Everything about 'us' was perfect. 

 For three days I didn't move. Didn't turn on my phone, ignored the intermittent pounding on my door. Wallowed in hurt, self-pity, and anguish. Drank my meager liquor cabinet dry. Didn't go to work. Didn't call in. 

 I woke up the fourth day, my head splitting, sick to my stomach. I'd run out of booze sometime the night before. I got off my living room floor and staggered to the bathroom, eating a handful of aspirin dry, and climbing in the shower until the water ran cold. 

 I didn't feel like trying to prepare anything to eat, so I threw on some clothes, haphazardly, and decided that Denny's might do the trick. 

 I opened the door, and was surprised to see Sheri curled up in a ball, on my doorstep. The sight of her pained me more than I thought possible. I carefully stepped over her, and didn't even bother to pull the door closed behind me. Walked down the apartment steps to the first floor, got in my car and went to eat. 

 I was half-way through the Grand-Slam when she sat down in the booth opposite me. Not much of a surprise that she found me. She knew my habits, my taste. She looked sort of like I felt. I didn't understand that. She's the one that turned me down. 

 She could barely look at me. "I'm sorry," she said, barely above a whisper. "I didn't handle that well. You surprised me." 

 I finished chewing on my pancakes, and started cutting another bite. "No, you handled that perfectly. I got your message." 

 "Please, Alex, talk to me. I love you. I've never loved anyone like you." 

 I laughed, stuffing my face with too much pancake, and washing it down with some coke. 

 "I didn't mean to hurt you. I only wanted to talk about it." 

 I set my cutlery aside. "Talk? It was a simple question. Two possible answers. Yes or no. You didn't answer yes. I understand. I'm sorry if I embarrassed you." 

 "Embarrass me? It was the sweetest, most romantic thing in the world." 

 "What do you want, Sheri? Can't you see I want to be alone right now?" 

 "I want to talk with you, like we always do. We can talk about anything. It's one of the things that's so great about being with you. I love you, Alex. I'm just not sure I'm ready to get married. Can't we go somewhere and talk?" 

 I was having a hard time holding it together. The combination of pancakes, eggs, bacon and coke was suddenly a very bad idea. I scrambled out of the booth and barely made it to the bathroom before I lost my breakfast, which I hadn't even paid for. I stayed in there a long time, head over the bowl, emptying my stomach. When I had nothing left to offer the porcelain gods, I rinsed my mouth out in the sink, and prepared myself to face her again. Maybe if I was lucky she'd left. 

 I left the bathroom and she was standing in the little hallway. She took one look at me, then dropped to her knees crying. "What have I done?" she whined. 

 I stepped around her, left a $20 on the table, and headed out the door. 

 She caught me as I was unlocking the car and almost knocked me down, throwing her arms around my waist and clinging to me. "Please, Alex! I'm begging you. Don't do this. I'll marry you. I love you. I'll do whatever it takes. Don't leave me." 

 What can I say? I loved her. With all my heart and soul. I lifted her into my arms and hugged her, broken heart and all. "No, I won't make you marry me. I'll take whatever I can have, but I won't do that to you. Let's go, Sheri." 

 She cried all the way back to the apartment. The door was still open, but miraculously the place looked just as bad as when I left. I was holding her by the hand, and she followed forlornly, a step behind. 

 We laid down on my bed, fully clothed, and held each other. We both cried, my tears streaming down my face, while I held it back as well as I could. She let it all out, sobbing. 

 "Why?" I finally asked, once we were both cried out, lying there silently. 

 "I don't know. You surprised me, and all of a sudden I was scared. I've done so little with my life. I have all these ideas, these dreams, things I've wanted to do, and I was seeing myself married, tied down with children, my freedom lost." 

 "I have dreams too, Sheri. Goals, a long list of things I'm determined to do some day. I want to do them with you. I can't imagine doing them without you." 

 Sheri looked pitiful. "Maybe I'm an idiot. Ruining the best moment of my life. I love you so much. I dream of a life with you, having my babies with you. I don't know what happened. I...I'm afraid. What if there's something I want to do, and you don't want to? Do I just give it up? Will I regret getting married before I'd done more with my life?" 

 I was nervous about what she was saying. Of one thing in particular. 

 "Is it sex?" I asked softly. 

 She was quiet for a while. "I don't know. Maybe. That's part of it I guess. You've been around, done so much more. I've had two miserable lovers in my life. I didn't know how to enjoy sex until you. You were so good with me, so patient. You taught me so well." 

 "But..." 

 "But sometimes I get jealous. I wonder. How many were there before me? How did you learn to be so amazing? Am I enough for you? Will you get tired of me? Worse, will I someday feel I missed out? Will I succumb to temptation someday?" 

 "Temptation? Aren't I enough for you? Don't I satisfy you?" 

 "You destroy me. You are wonderful in bed. You can leave me a shivering mess." She moved closer to me, hugging me. "I had no idea love could be like it is with you." 

 "And still it's not enough," I said softly. 

 "It's not that, Alex. I swear." She shuddered. "You know I get hit on all the time. All the time. I have no interest in them, none whatsoever, but every now and then, afterward, I wonder. Don't you ever see a beautiful woman and wonder what it would be like?" 

 "Sometimes I think about it. I would guess all men do. Not seriously, more of a fantasy. Nothing I would consider acting on. Why would I when I have you?" 

 "But what if one day it's different? Maybe you're mad at me. Maybe you're drunk. Perhaps some woman will come on to you so hard, you'll start wondering. More than wonder." She tilted her head back looking at me. "I'm only going to get married once, Alex. It would destroy me if you cheated on me. Probably worse if I cheated on you. If I wonder now, when everything is so new, so perfect, what might happen 10 years down the road? Why do I even wonder about other lovers?" 

 "I'll never cheat on you, Sheri. I hate cheating." 

 "I hate it too." 

 But it didn't end there. We talked about her thoughts. Her concerns. We eventually got naked together and made love. We tiptoed around the subject a little. We slept together, nothing resolved. The next morning I got up to go to work, if I still had a job. Sheri told me she'd called the office when I wouldn't answer the door, my car parked out front. She told them I was deathly ill, and didn't know when I'd be back. She'd called in sick herself. 

 I thanked her, and told her I'd see her after work. It wasn't until I was in the office, and saw the flowers, balloons and cards on people's desks that I realized it was Valentine's day. Our first together. Barely. We almost hadn't made it. I still wasn't sure we would. 

 I got sympathetic nods and comments from a few people, hoping I felt better. I'd never missed a day of work in three years, except for taking two weeks off last summer, after meeting Sheri. 

 Before the end of the day, I went to my boss, and told her I still wasn't feeling well. 

 "You look terrible, Alex. You didn't have to come in. Get well, Ok? We'll survive until you're back to 100%. You looked like you were in a daze all day." 

 "I'm sorry. I hope to get over it soon." That much was true. 

 I left early, with my boss's blessing. I bought the biggest card I could find, nearly three feet tall, and plastered the back with a dozen more cards, glued to it. I wrote a message in each one, telling her I'd wait until she was ready, I didn't mean to rush her, I loved her and always would. I got two dozen long stemmed roses, Godiva chocolate truffles, a gift certificate to the spa. 

 And in a moment of temporary insanity I made out that handwritten, God-damned stupid card. 

 "Get Out of Jail Free" it said on one side. On the reverse I'd written these simple words. "Whatever you want. One Time. I won't say no." 

 I stopped at the jewelry store, and bought a stupidly overpriced box. A hard case, navy blue velvet covering. I placed the card inside. Big romantic gesture. 

 I know. I'm an idiot. 

 I called her and told her to go home and get dressed up. I had to phone almost a dozen restaurants to find one that we could get in on Valentine's Day, at the last minute. 

 I picked her up, and once more was amazed at how beautiful she was, and how she could possibly be with me. I really didn't deserve her. I wined and dined her, then took her back to my place. 

 Rose petals on the floor, leading to the table where her card was. "Happy Valentine's Day, Sheri," I told her, giving her a hug. She read her card, alternately laughing and crying. When she finished the last of the smaller cards, telling me how much she loved me, I gave her the box. She undid the ribbon holding it closed, and opened it, a look of curiosity scoring her face. She took the card, and read it carefully. Turned it over twice, re-reading it. 

 "You...I mean...I would never," she stumbled over her words. 

 "But if you ever do, once, you're forgiven. I love you Sheri. I don't want you to have to wonder." 

 She closed the box reverently. "How? How could you love me that much? Forgive me even before I did something?" 

 "How could I not? You're everything to me. My entire world. I know that now, having thought I'd lost you. I can't let that happen. I don't think I could survive it." 

 She took me by the hand, and quietly brought me back to our bedroom. She took off her dress, and stood before me, wearing the sexiest bra and panties I'd ever seen. I didn't know she owned anything like that. She blushed prettily. "Happy Valentine's Day, Alex. I'm yours, whatever you want. Anything you can imagine. I'll never say no." 

 We made love four times. Nothing crazy, no water sports, no bondage, no anal. I did ask her to suck me before each time, and we covered every inch of my queen sized bed. She wore me out, then woke me in the night to continue our play. The morning was a continuation of the night before, and I couldn't get enough of her. I called in sick. It was a Friday, and I told them I thought I'd be better by Monday. Better if I was still alive. 

 We were laying together, pleasantly exhausted, when she reached beside the bed. She pulled out the little box which I'd given her a scant six days earlier. "May I?" she asked. 

 "I'd be honored," I answered. 

 She opened it and took out the ring. "Put it on me?" 

 I took it from her hands, and slipped the ring on her finger. "Are you sure?" I asked nervously. 

 "I've never been more sure of anything in my life. Does the offer still stand?" 

 "No," I told her. 

 She caught her breath, looking at me in surprise. "No?" 

 I scrambled off the bed, onto my knees. "Sheri, the first time you agreed to go out with me, I knew I was the luckiest man alive. I'd do whatever it took to win your heart. As I grew to know you, and saw how perfectly our dreams and aspirations matched, I knew you were placed on this earth to complete me. When I took you to the movies, and three times in a row, you chose the one I wanted so desperately to see, without even knowing, I accepted it was fate. Before I met you, I was content, wandering through life, but without any passion. Now, everything I do reminds me of you, and makes me want to be a man worthy of your love. Please, I beg you, make me the happiest man in the world. Tell me you'll marry me." 

 "I will. I'll marry you, and spend the rest of my life making you glad you asked me. I love you more than you'll ever know. Thank you for helping me understand how badly I need and want you." She got down on the floor with me, hugging me. "I'm the lucky one, Alex. I don't deserve you, but I swear I'll do my damnedest to change that." 

 That was the beginning of our Valentine's Day tradition. Every year I was hard pressed to ratchet the romantic gestures up one more notch, and every year she made my dreams and fantasies come true. The best day of the year. For six more years after that, our first Valentine's Day. 

 Until that night. 

 * * * 

 When she came out to find me, after I hadn't returned to our bed, I had killed the six pack, the empties arrayed beside me, and I was working on a bottle of single malt. I was determined to drink until I didn't hurt any more. I was getting close. 

 I could see she'd been crying. She sat down next to me, quietly. I ignored her, taking a long swig from the bottle, feeling that delightful soothing burn down my throat. 

 "Never mind. Please forget I ever said anything," she whispered. 

 I stared out the glass doors into our backyard. Had I missed something? I thought we were happy. Deliriously happy to be honest. Where had I gone wrong? How the fuck could she want to use the card. 

 "Alex, please, put that away and come to bed. Let's pretend this never happened, Ok? I'm sorry." 

 "Use your damn card," I muttered. 

 "W...what?" she stammered. 

 I stood, and screamed at her. "USE YOUR GOD-DAMNED FUCKING CARD!" I took the bottle in my hand and threw it at the wall. It didn't break, it made a hole in the drywall, stuck, the neck sticking out, and the half bottle of Laphroaig draining onto the floor. I stomped out of the room and locked myself in the guest room. 

 She knocked a few minutes later, calling out for me. "Alex?" 

 I ignored her. She tried the handle, knocked a few more times before giving up. 

 I don't know how, but I slept like a rock. 

 Apparently she didn't. She had put on a t-shirt, and was standing in front of my door when I opened it. 

 "It's not what you think, Alex. Will you listen to me? Please?" 

 My head was aching, and my mouth was as dry as the Sahara. I walked past her to the master bedroom, and headed for the bathroom. I turned on the shower, dumped several aspirin in my hand, and stood under the cool water as it warmed up. I opened my mouth below the shower-head, and drank in the water to wash down the aspirin, washing the sand out of my mouth. The water got hot, then cooled down again before I left. The pounding in my head had settled to a gentle thumping. 

 She was waiting for me, a towel in my hand. "Please, baby? Don't do this again. You have to listen, try to understand." 

 "I understand. I'm not enough for you. Fine. Use your card. You have my blessing. I don't want to know why, or how, or with who. No gory details. I couldn't take that. Never talk to me about it. Do whatever the fuck you have to do, and leave me out of it." 

 "It's John. He leaves for Afghanistan on Tuesday. That's why it couldn't wait," she told me. 

 "Damn it, Sheri! I don't want to know!" 

 "Please, baby, I need you to understand. It's not about me or you. I swear, you're everything I need. The only man I ever want." 

 I laughed brushing past her, ignoring her hand clinging to me. She grabbed me tighter. "No, Alex! You have to listen to me. I've earned this much." 

 "Right. I thought I'd earned love and faithfulness." 

 "You have. I've never cheated on you, and I never will. John's devastated, Alex. First that horrible divorce, losing his kids, and then getting called up to the reserves barely a month after his divorce is final. He's dying. If he goes over there like that, I don't think he'll ever come back." Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** That Damned Valentine's Day Card ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© I was trying to ignore her, walking through the house to the kitchen, starting the coffee. She followed, a step or two behind, trying to justify herself. 

 "I think I can help him. I have to if I can," she whined. 

 "I get it. You fuck him, and everything's better. You get to scratch your itch, and he gets a special going away. Go ahead, I told you, I don't care." 

 "I can't. I won't destroy our marriage to save him. It's selfish of me, but I can't do that." 

 "You won't destroy our marriage. I gave you that fucking card, and I'll stand by it. You're forgiven. Do what you think you have to. Just please don't throw it in my face afterward." I felt beaten down, miserable. 

 I felt her arms wrap around me. "Come to bed, Alex. Lay with me, and listen with an open heart. I swear, give me an hour of your time, and if you don't ask me to go to him, I won't. I'll never mention it again, and I'll burn that card, and never, ever bring it up. One hour. Call in late, and do this for me." 

 I figured I could play along. No way I'd ever ask her to go to another man. We'd end this, and hopefully find a way past it. 

 I laid down stiffly, wrapped only in my towel. She got naked and cuddled up to me. 

 "This is John, we're talking about. Not some asshole. I know you like him, he's a good man. Life has just been giving him nothing but an ass-kicking for the last couple of years." 

 She was right. I did like John. He was a good guy, or so I'd thought. One of the few people from her work we socialized with. Unfortunate that he married a cheating slut. Didn't mean he had to make one out of my wife. 

 "He doesn't know about this. He probably won't even go along. He hates cheaters as much as you or I. Probably more, and with good reason. You remember how happy he used to be. Fun, cheerful. He's miserable now. A zombie at work. I think most people are going to be glad to see him leave." 

 I remembered how he'd taken the news about his wife, and bore it well. Until the divorce. It had been horrible, she'd accused him of everything from being a wife-beater to a pedophile. Dragged his name through the mud. Got a restraining order, kicked him out of his own home, and then took him for everything she could. Her lawyer was a lot better than his, and it paid off for her. He'd been successful, a cheerful guy, easy to get along with. Fun at a party. Never obnoxious. He flirted like most of us, but never to the point of being uncomfortable. 

 When she left the state with her lover, or at least one of them, taking the kids with her, he'd been crushed. He didn't socialize. I don't think I ever saw him in public after that. 

 "I was his sounding board at work. The only one he talked to. She destroyed him, and he was so angry, so bitter. He seemed to hate all women. I was surprised he even put up with me." 

 "Sounding board?" I asked cruelly. "Was that all?" 

 "Yes baby, I swear. Breaks and lunches. I'd have to drag him out of the building sometimes. The only thing he cared about anymore were those cars of his. I don't know how he managed to keep them." 

 I remembered. He'd told me once. "Family business. They're registered under some kind of family business with his mother." 

 "If I could get him out of the building and in his car, he'd calm down. He'd talk, open up. He was so sad. Losing the children and getting accused of abuse. Everyone knew it was bullshit." 

 "God, she must have hated him," I said. 

 "She's the worst piece of shit walking this earth, as far as I'm concerned. He was finally coming back. Smiling sometimes. He was never anything other than a gentleman. He never kissed me, never even touched me in an offensive way. Opened doors, held a chair, but that was all. He wouldn't even hug me back, when I tried to hug him." 

 I could believe that. She was right. I did like him. And I trusted him. That made it even weirder. 

 "We both know he always liked me. He'd always seek me out, talk to me, at parties. He flirted, but in a friendly way. I never felt awkward around him. Still, I could see how he looked at me. Not filthy, but appreciative." 

 "And that got you wondering," I taunted her. 

 "No, never! I swear. It's not about me. I think if I could spend some time with him before he goes, remind him of the good things. That all women aren't evil conniving bitches. Show him a little love and appreciation." 

 She leaned her head on my shoulder. "He was getting better. He was, and then came the service call. He never thought he'd get called up, but they need civil engineers. It crushed him. I don't think he'd ever imagined it would happen, but on top of everything else it was the last straw. He drew back into himself. I'm afraid for him. I know he's really depressed. I think he's suicidal. I have a terrible feeling that if he goes over there like he is now, he'll never come back. He won't survive." 

 "I tried to get him to lunch yesterday. I even bought him a little stuffed bear for Valentine's Day. He was in his office, head on his desk crying. God, Alex, he was crying like a little boy. It broke my heart. I left before he could see me. He's hurting so badly." 

 I could feel her tears on my chest. She was clinging to me, almost painfully. "I...I think I could help him. I had to try. If he died over there, and I didn't at least try, I don't know how I'd live with myself. That's why I had to ask. I swear, it was the hardest thing I ever did. I was afraid it would hurt you, but I hoped you would understand. When I saw you last night, so much like that first time I hurt you, I knew it was too much to ask. But I needed you to understand why I did. It wasn't because I don't love you, or want anything else. I swear to God it's not. There's nobody but you for me, Alex. I know that now. I'm not the ignorant little girl I was 7 years ago. I wanted to help him if I could, that's all." 

 "That's a lot, Sheri. Asking me to let you be with another man, for whatever reason." 

 "I don't even know it would come to that. Hell, I don't even know if he'd go along. But he's leaving Tuesday. I thought I could spend one last day with him. Saturday. Get him out, maybe to a park or to a museum. A nice dinner, and then an evening alone. If I thought that being with me would save him, I'd even do that. I'd try to mend him enough that maybe, just maybe, he'd somehow survive and make it back. I don't think he will, if he goes over there like he is now." 

 "And you think one day with you will provide this miracle healing?" 

 "I don't know. Probably not. Still, I wanted to try. That was all. I'm sorry. The timing was horrible, but seeing him the way he was yesterday put the idea in my head. Time was running out. I wasn't thinking straight. You made my day perfect, and I ruined it. I'm so sorry Alex." 

 She was so stressed out, I was surprised I hadn't noticed the night before. I hate to say it, but I believed her. Was the idea of getting to bed a different man thrilling for her? Perhaps, I can't really know, but what I did believe that this was about trying to help a friend, more than anything else. An unusual situation. 

 I was also torn over that damned card. I felt a little guilty. I knew that first Valentine's Day sealed the deal that got us to the altar. Broke down her last reservations. I honestly felt that with the offer there, she'd never need to take me up on it, and although I'd sweated it a few times in the first couple of years, I'd completely forgotten about it until she brought it up. 

 If she really did expect me to honor it, was this the best chance I'd get. A good guy, in tough straits, that was leaving town for at least a couple of years? 

 "How do you picture it happening? Do you just show up at his place? Do you pack an overnight bag? Will I hear from you?" 

 She was slow to answer. "I...I don't think we should do it. I saw how you were. God, I thought you were going to walk out on me! I could even understand it if you did. I love you Alex, and I don't think it's worth the risk." 

 "It shocked me. It really hurt that you'd bring it up after all these years, and to do it on Valentine's Day! Our special day. All I could think was that our love making was a sham. It was all done to get me let you cheat." 

 She started to say something, and I cut her off. "No, please, let me finish. I'm trying to be honest with you, so you can understand my reaction. I would have probably have been hurt and surprised no matter when you brought it up, but on Valentine's Day? For God's sake, Sheri, you must know what that day means to me! I thought it meant that to both of us. I spend weeks, months, doing everything in my power to make it the single most romantic day of your life up until that point. Each year I plot and plan how I'm going to surpass the previous year. I spend hundreds, even thousands of dollars in preparation for that look in your eye that tells me, once again, I've won you. The end of the day, holding you in my arms, knowing you're mine, totally, heart and soul is the best part of my year. You killed that last night. I don't know how I'll ever get that back." 

 She pulled away from me, crying openly. I turned and held her, waiting for her to calm down. When she could breath normally, she finally managed to get a few comprehensible words out. "I'm sorry. It's magical what you do for me. I feel so loved and appreciated. It's like getting proposed to all over again," she chuckled. "The second time, I mean, not that other time I fucked up so bad." 

 She turned and hugged me. "I was going to wait until today. That was my plan, but I was an idiot. I felt so warm and calm, so content, so happy. I felt your love for me was so absolute, and the fear of bringing it up to you had faded for just that moment. I wanted to get it over with, not hide it, not have to think about it. Yes or No and it would be over. In retrospect, I was a complete jerk. If you can find it in your heart to forgive me, we can put this past us, and I swear I'll make it up to you. I will, and you know I keep my promises." 

 I gave her a hug. "I know you do. That's the real problem here. I do too. I told you once, seven years ago, I didn't want you to have to wonder. If the time came when you wanted to do something I wouldn't normally agree to, I'd give you the one free shot. No repercussions, no punishment, no second thoughts. I behaved badly last night, and I can only blame it on the timing. I hope you'll forgive me." 

 "No Alex. There's no forgiving, because there's nothing to forgive. I ambushed you, in the worse way on our special day. I'll regret that the rest of my life. At the end of every Valentine's Day for now on, instead of having all those beautiful times to reflect on, we'll both be thinking of how I ruined this one. How I might have even cost us our marriage, by being a selfish idiot. No, I'll never forgive you for something that I did." 

 I kissed her softly, and said what was probably the most painful words that had ever passed my lips. "Go to him Saturday. Do what you can to save him, whatever you think it takes. I don't want to know any details, but I'd like to hear from you each night, just to know that you're alright." 

 I could feel her tensing up, and she spoke up, "Each night?" 

 "Go tomorrow, and don't come back until you've done all you can. Take him to the airport, Tuesday, and come back to me. This is your one." 

 "Are you sure?" she asked several seconds later. "I couldn't stand the thought of this damaging our marriage. Nothing matters more to me than you, Alex. Nothing." 

 "Do it, Sheri. Saturday through Tuesday. Then we'll never talk about it again. You'll never see him alone again, and you'll never be intimate with another man for the rest of our marriage. If you practice unsafe sex with him, I will want you to get tested before you come back to our bed. I won't ask for proof, but I expect you to take precautions, and make sure it's safe for me. When you're ready, you can come back to our bed, and I'll expect you to be available to me. Those are my only conditions." 

 I climbed out of our bed, and started to dress for work. She watched me, silently. I figured she had questions, but we could talk about it that evening. 

 She followed me to the door, dressed only in her robe, and pulled me in for a long kiss before I left. "I love you. You and nobody but you, ever. I hope you know that." 

 All I could do was nod. 

 * * * 

 The day seemed to drag on forever, but somehow I made it through. I considered stopping at a bar for a few bracing drinks, but thought better of it. I wasn't a big drinker, a few drinks a week maybe, social drinking at parties, a couple of beers watching a game. Twice I'd set out to get blinding drunk, both times because of her. I didn't want to do it again. 

 I got home, and she met me at the door, on her knees, wearing only a negligee. She handed me a drink, and then opened my pants. The door was still open, and I went to close it, she told me no. 

 "Don't. Leave it open. I don't care who knows that I will do anything for the love of my life. Anything. Tonight it starts with this." 

 I put down my briefcase, took a sip of my drink, and let her get me hard. I rested my hand on her head, guiding her gently. She poured her soul into that blowjob, and after only a few minutes of effort, she had me ready to shoot. I groaned, thrusting hard into her mouth. She grabbed my hips, and sucked me deep. I gasped as I exploded in her mouth, and she took it all, sucked me gently through my finish, and kept at it, teasing me back to half-staff. 

 She stood up, and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. "Dress down, lover. I'll see you in the living room in a few." 

 I was sitting on the couch less than 10 minutes later, and she showed up seconds later with a tray of snacks. She pulled the coffee table right up to the edge of the couch, and climbed into my lap. I was treated to an array of tiny treats, fed by my wife, her lips following each morsel. 

 "A tiny snack is all," she whispered. "I hope you have an appetite for dinner. I think you're going to find it pretty spectacular." 

 I laughed. "I skipped lunch. I'm famished." 

 She giggled. "Perfect." 

 "You don't have to do all this," I told her. 

 "I do. I was thinking about it. Every year, you do so much to make my one day perfect, and all I give you is sex. I try to make it great, but it doesn't compare to what you do for me." 

 "Hush," I told her, sealing her lips with mine. "It's the greatest gift in the world. Nothing you could do would ever top that." 

 She pouted. "No. I want to do something for you. You spoil me rotten every Valentine's Day, and I went and messed it up. I want to start a new tradition. February 15th, is my day to spoil you for now on. It's a done deal, and I don't want to hear any more about it." 

 I chuckled. "Yes ma'am. As long as this isn't about the other thing." 

 She shook her head solemnly. "No. It's nothing about that. We can talk about that later. This is because I want to do something special for you. I know it won't be in the same league as your romantic gestures, but I need to do this for us." 

 "I'm yours for the rest of the night, beautiful." 

 She grinned. "Good. Now I want you to go out on the patio, and enjoy your drink. I need a few minutes to finish the dinner preparation. I'll get you when I'm ready." 

 I let her guide me outside, and sipped on my drink. I tried to keep thoughts about the other matter out of my mind. A welcome home blowjob, with the door open? I wonder if any of our neighbor's had caught any of that. 

 It took longer than I expected, but eventually she showed up, still wearing that naughty negligee. She looked spectacular. 

 "Trust me, hubby dearest?" she teased. 

 "With my life." 

 "Nothing quite as drastic as that," she teased. She pulled her arms out from behind her back, and waved a blindfold at me. "May I?" 

 I nodded and let her put it on me. She took my hand and guided me indoors out of the cool evening air. Inside, she pulled my sweats down my legs, and told me to raise my hands. I lifted them up, and she took my shirt off, leaving me in my boxers. Her hands ran down my chest. "I hate you. You haven't gained one pound since we got married. How am I supposed to keep up with you?" 

 "Who are you kidding? You're more beautiful today than when I met you." 

 "I'm glad you think so." The she was pulling me forward by the hand. She maneuvered back to the couch, from my blind estimation, then urged me to sit back with a simple push on my chest. I felt her sit down next to me. Her hands moved to my head, and I felt her pulling on my mask. 

 "Dinner is served," she whispered, giggling, and pulled my mask free. 

 It took a few moments for the reality of the situation before me to sink in. Too surprising to be believed at first, I was stunned. 

 My wife's arm slid around me shoulders. "Nothing? Please don't tell me I screwed up again," she said nervously. 

 The coffee table before me was quite full. A naked female body was stretched out in front of me, with a couple of dozen sushi treats lined up on her body. The woman was blindfolded and unmoving, but I saw a hint of a smile on her lips. Her skin was completely smooth, including at her crotch. A starburst of treats were placed there as well, three at the point where her legs met, and another five radiating out beyond those. 

 It's strange how hard it is to recognize a woman when she's absolutely naked and wearing a mask. Her hair was no help, hidden under some kind of cap. Smallish breasts, covered in sushi, narrowed it down somewhat. I started with her usual friends, trying to figure out who it was. 

 "Alex, you're scaring me," Sheri whispered anxiously. 

 "Who?" was all I could utter. 

 "Don't worry about that. Time to enjoy our dinner." She handed me a pair of chopsticks, and started mixing a dollop of wasabi with soy sauce in a small ceramic bowl in front of her. She passed me the wasabi, and I took some, then watched as she added the soy sauce to my bowl. She reached forward, plucked what looked like salmon on a rectangle of rice off of the thigh in front of me. She dunked it in my bowl, then held it to my lips. I opened my mouth and accepted her offering. 

 She seemed happy with that, and took another piece off the belly in front of her. A nice firm belly, I might add. 

 With the ice broken, I helped myself to the tuna at our server's waist. The outer ring of the sunburst. With a smile, I grabbed another, reaching across my wife, and selecting from the breast. I held it to her lips, and she gave me a big grin before opening up for me. 

 I leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. "You are nothing but surprises these last few days, aren't you?" 

 "You like?" 

 "Very much. Naughty girl." 

 It was crazy erotic, to be eating off the naked body. After a bit, she stopped using the chopsticks, and started picking up the pieces with her fingers, and I followed in her footsteps. It became playful, feeding each other, teasing, uncovering our serving girl. 

 Sheri's hands lingered, caressing the naked flesh, and I placed my hand on the thigh in front of me, for the moment cleared of food. I thought I felt a slight trembling. 

 "Do I want to know how much this cost, or how big a favor you had to call in for this surprise?" I asked. 

 She leaned against me, kissing my neck. "Quite the bargain. When I explained what I had in mind, I had more than one volunteer. It seems you have admirers, handsome man." 

 She leaned forward, and scooped up a treat off the far breast, with her lips. She took her time, and I saw the tip of her tongue brushing the skin underneath. The woman's nipples hardened noticeably. She turned to me with a wicked grin. "Delicious. You should try it." 

 I took her at her word, and leaned across the leg in front of me, nibbling a morsel off the far thigh. Sheri was giggling before I was done. 

 "God, that looked hot," she said softly, and then her arms were around my neck, and she was kissing me. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** That Damned Valentine's Day Card ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© She brought her lips to my ear. "We can tease her, but no penetration and no kissing. Understood?" 

 "Perfectly." 

 After that we got a little crazy, moving around the prone body, using only our mouths to eat from her. After scooping up a treat, we were both kissing and licking the underlying flesh. Sheri, grabbed a piece and set it right on the nipple, twisting and pushing a little, until it was seated firmly. "Go get it," she teased. 

 I wasn't about to argue, and took my time eating it in place, sucking on the perky little protrusion, and getting my first tiny moan from our human serving tray. I grabbed another and did the same for her. 

 Sheri smirked at me, as if I was challenging her, and she did an even better job of retrieving it, making the woman underneath squirm. 

 She laughed at that. "I think we're getting to her. And she was doing so well, don't you think?" 

 "Wonderfully." 

 We were down to half a dozen pieces, and I was loathe to finish. I was still surprised, after all we'd done, when she moved to the end of the table, between the woman's legs. Sheri parted them, hanging our guest's calves over the sides of the coffee table. I heard a faint gasp, and she placed a treat right over the pretty pink opening. 

 "We don't want her to go away wanting," she whispered to me, nibbling on my ear. 

 I took several minutes to devour that piece and the succulent flesh beneath it. As I pulled away, another piece appeared in place of the previous, and I went after it with gusto, exploring further, my tongue grazing her opening, my lips sucking up on the little hidden nub of flesh at the top of her opening. I felt my 'table' trembling, and a whispered "please..." escaped her lips. 

 I sucked with abandon, tonguing her clit, until I felt her shuddered release. 

 I pulled away, both excited, and embarrassed. I wondered if I'd taken things too far, but my wife was nibbling on a breast, and lifted her head, smiling for me. "That was kind of you," she said. 

 I moved away, and placed one of our last two treats where the previous two had been. I looked at Sheri, and I saw a flash of nervousness. "You want me too...?" 

 I nodded. 

 She gazed at me for a few seconds, then blushed. She moved down between the woman's legs, and when she lowered her face, a whispered "Oh God..." got my attention. 

 I caressed our generous hostesses face, and forgetting the rules for a moment, kissed her lightly on the lips. She whimpered softly, and I turned and worked on her breasts while my wife finished the last of the treats, and finished our pretty little playmate as well. 

 The woman was completely naked, breathing hard, with nothing covering her anywhere. She was trying to hold completely still, and I thought we were done, but Sheri stood, removed her panties, and climbed on the table, her knees bracketing the woman's head, and her hands braced beside her hips. "Now, Alex. I can't wait any longer," she growled. 

 I dropped my boxers and took up position at the end of the table. Sheri was absolutely soaked in anticipation and I entered her easily. With the first few strokes she was coming. I started slowly but was soon banging her hard. She lowered her head, and I groaned when our naked playmate cried out. I looked down past where my cock was sluicing in out of Sheri's dripping channel. Literally dripping, drops of her juices, falling on the blindfolded face below. 

 "Fuck me," Sheri gasped, thrusting backward. "Fuck. Me!" 

 I was hammering her as hard as I could, when I felt the shift below me. I grabbed her hips in reflex, as the overworked coffee table surrendered its life, collapsing to the floor, and wrenching a surprised "Ooof!" out of our guest. 

 Sheri squealed, and I released her gently, as she crawled to our guest. "Oh, God, Alyssa, are you Ok?" 

 The woman was trying to sit up, holding the back of her head. With me positioned as I was, her hand grazed my cock. "Damn, that hurt," she whined. "I hit my head." 

 "Get her some ice, Alex," Sheri commanded. I rushed to the kitchen grabbing a kitchen towel, and wrapping several cubes of ice in it. Alyssa? From her work? I hadn't seen that one coming. 

 I went out to the living room, and Alyssa was unmasked, sitting on the couch with Sheri beside her. I brought over the improvised ice pack. "Sorry," I said, with more than a little embarrassment. 

 Alyssa, took it and held it to the back of her head, chuckling. "Frankly, Sher, this isn't what I signed up for. You're going to owe me big time." 

 Sheri gave her a hug. A nice naked hug I might add. My erection, robbed of its imminent finish, was in no danger of going away. 

 "I got a little carried away," Sheri mumbled. 

 "You think?" Alyssa teased. 

 "It's for a good cause," Sheri whined. 

 "You gonna leave him like that? The least you could do is finish what you started. I think I'll just sit back and watch this time. From a safe distance." 

 I had nervously picking up the pieces of the table. All four legs had simply folded toward the far end of the table. I had lifted the table top away and stood it to the side, and found Sheri lying on her back in its place when I turned around. 

 "I hope you don't mind an audience, big guy," she said, grinning. 

 I didn't and I climbed between her legs, tilting them back, and was soon thrusting away at her. The effort leading up to that moment, plus the presence of our audience had me distinctly worked up, and I didn't last more than a couple of minutes before I was filling her. I was pleased that she was somehow able to reach her own release with the limited servicing I provided. I looked over as I grew close to my finish and saw that Alyssa had her hands between her legs as she watched us. 

 I groaned as I unloaded in my wife, thrusting in deeply. I pulled out a few seconds later, and she quickly moved forward and took me in her mouth. Quite the naughty thing to do, and not usually on the menu. When I was sufficiently clean for her tastes, she pulled away, blushing again. 

 She grinned. "You, sir, are corrupting me." 

 I laughed. "I'll be corrupting you a lot more before this evening is through." 

 She got up, stretching beautifully. "Dessert's going to have to wait." 

 Sheri extended her hand to her officemate, and Alyssa stood up. They disappeared into the back of the house, and I finished neatening up the mess. We were going to have to get the carpets cleaned. I'd completely forgotten about the soy sauce, and our little serving bowls. They had spilled everywhere, right in front of the couch. 

 I put on my boxers, and did what I could, spraying the stains with carpet cleaner, and patting down the stained areas. I heard a wolf whistle behind me, and I stood, once more a bit embarrassed. 

 Sheri had a new negligee on, and Alyssa was dressed casually, in her business clothing. She walked over and gave me a hug, and a quick kiss. "Thanks for an...interesting evening. I hope I didn't spoil everything." 

 I laughed, giving her a hug. "Not at all. You were pretty amazing! How can you hold still that long?" 

 She smiled. "I used to do some modeling for the art students to make money in college. I'd have to stay perfectly still for sometimes as long as 30 minutes at a time. I guess I got used to it." She pulled me down for another quick kiss. "You know you're a damn lucky guy, don't you?" 

 I nodded, looking over at my patient wife. "I know it." 

 Alyssa grinned. "Good." She turned to Sheri, "Give me a call, I'm gonna need details later." 

 Sheri escorted her to the door, and gave her a hug. "You're the best, Alyssa." 

 Alyssa grinned. "That was wild," she confessed. "As long as we at least try to follow the rules, I'd love to help you again. Let me know." 

 When she was gone, Sheri came to me, sliding into my extended arms. "That was different," she said. 

 I laughed. "No kidding." 

 "Take me to bed, Alex? I...I need you to love me tonight. I'm nervous," she said softly. 

 I scooped her in my arms. I couldn't remember the last time I'd done that, and she squealed cutely. "Stop, you'll hurt yourself." 

 "Not hardly. I love holding you like this. Brace yourself, beautiful, you're about to be loved." 

 She smiled for me, and leaned her head against my chest, while I carried her back to our room. 

 I did as she asked, nothing too crazy, a long drawn out love session, most of the time spent holding her and moving in and out of her warm tunnel gently and easily. No screaming or hysterical moaning, it was more in line with re- establishing our connection, which had been strained so severely. 

 We were laying in the afterglow, cuddled together. "It's not too late to change your mind," she said softly. 

 "Having second thoughts?" 

 "From the moment I first entertained the idea. I'd hate to mess up what we have." 

 I gave her a squeeze. "I'm nervous too. Hell, even a little jealous at the idea of him experiencing you for the first time. I think we'll be fine. You love me and only me, right? This isn't any more than what you've told me." 

 "I'd hope you wouldn't even have to ask. You're the one for me, big guy. You and only you, forever and ever." She ran her hand across my chest. "We'll talk every evening. If you change your mind, if you find yourself doubting us in any way, tell me. I'll leave and come straight home to you." 

 "Alright. I think I can survive 3 days and nights without you. It'll be difficult being alone, but I'll manage." 

 She giggled. "You won't be alone. I've made sure you'll be taken care of." 

 Taken care of? "What do you mean? What are you up to, Trouble?" 

 "Nothing bad. A way to distract you a little. You won't be eating alone. You've got dates for the next three nights lined up. Now don't go getting your hopes up, these are platonic dates. No funny stuff, beyond a little flirting and playing around, Ok?" 

 "What kind of dates?" I asked. 

 "It wouldn't be much of a surprise then, would it? You'll have to trust me. I know I'm asking that a lot." 

 "I trust you completely, Sheri. Doesn't make me less anxious about this weekend, but I want you to know that I do trust you. Not to get too carried away, or forget about me." 

 She kissed me softly. "Not a chance, baby. Not in this lifetime." 

 * * * 

 After breakfast the next morning, she went to pack a bag. When I was done cleaning up, she called me in to the bedroom. "Want to see what I'm packing?" she asked. 

 I thought about it. "No, I don't think so. I don't see how it would help, and it might get we thinking in weird ways. Like I said, I trust you. Take what you think will help." 

 She moved away from her bag, and hugged me. "No weird thinking. Nothing may even happen. Whatever does, I'll keep in mind that at any time you can ask me and I'll tell you every detail." 

 "That's not part of the deal," I reminded her. "I don't want to know." 

 "I know, but whatever I do, and I want to be able to lay with you and tell you everything without any guilt or shame. I won't volunteer, but if you ever do decide you want to know, I'll tell you anything you want." 

 I squeezed her. "God, this is hard," I whispered. "I don't want to be like this, but I can't get past someone else being with you." 

 She froze. "I won't go." 

 "No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm being honest, that's all. It's difficult, painful. I think it's the anticipation. I'll deal with it. I want you to do this. I believe you need to. More than anything, I want you to be happy and at peace with yourself, and I'm afraid if you don't do whatever you can to help him, it will haunt you. I'm not going to be responsible for that." 

 "Thank you. I promise I'll make it up to you. Remember, if it does become too much, all you have to do is call me." 

 She pulled away, and closed her suitcase. She stood in front of me, posing. "How do I look?" 

 "Gorgeous. Lucky bastard." 

 She grinned. "He is lucky, isn't he?" 

 "God, I hope he realizes just how much." 

 "I'm sure he will." She looked me over. "You better get cleaned up and dressed. Your first date is going to show up in less than an hour." 

 "An hour? You said dinner." 

 "You'll have dinner with her. A lovely afternoon as well, I hope. I've got to run now, be good." She smiled, and I saw the look of anxiousness cross her face. I wondered if she wasn't perhaps almost as nervous as I was. 

 * * * 

 For three days, I barely had time to breath, never mind think of what she was up to. Sheri's idea of 'dinner' was a far cry from my own. Amusement parks, Dave & Buster's, playing tourist, sampling new restaurants for lunch and dinner, hikes, all kinds of stuff. The women were all from her work, young, attractive, and determined to keep me entertained. 

 Each night ended in dinner out, a phone call to Sheri, and dancing. That first night, I went outside and called Sheri, nervous as hell, while my date waited patiently at the table. 

 "Hi baby, can you talk?" I asked. 

 "Yes. I'm out on the porch. How's your day been?" 

 "Busy. I guess you planned it that way." 

 She chuckled. "Exactly. You going dancing next?" 

 "That's the plan." 

 "Good. I hope you have a blast. We're about to do the same. He's already acting more cheerful. I even had him laughing a couple of times. I think he's more nervous than you and I combined. First time I put my hand on his arm he nearly jumped three feet." She was laughing, and I smiled with her. "We're still good?" she finally asked. 

 "Yes. I'll manage. Making a fool out of myself on the dance floor for a couple of hours will leave me little time to mope." 

 "I love you, Alex." 

 "Love you too, baby. I miss you." 

 She chuckled. "I doubt that. With Joanie on your arm? I'm the one who should be jealous." 

 "Hardly. Not that she hasn't been a complete joy to be with, she's a nice girl, but she's not you." 

 "I know. He's not you either. Not even close. It shouldn't be so much work to go out, but I knew that going in. Everything we do, I keep thinking it should be you, and how much better it would be if it was." 

 "It'll get better," I told her, secretly hoping it didn't get too much better. 

 "Go dance your legs off. Call me tomorrow. Make sure you get a lot of rest, I think you're going to need it." 

 "Goodnight. I love you." 

 She sounded choked up when she answered. "I know. Love you too. G'night." 

 Joanie, my companion the first day, was a dance instructor, and she insisted on working with me to improve my meager skills. She teased me mercilessly about my two left feet. She also made me swear that we'd make it a regular thing, with Sheri of course, until I felt comfortable on the dance floor. 

 I learned from Joanie that Sheri really enjoyed dancing, even more than I knew, but she didn't press me to do it more, since she knew it wasn't my thing, and didn't like to dance with anyone but me. Another surprise, and something to think about. I felt better about my efforts by the end of the first night, and I thanked my date profusely. 

 We ended up back at my place, for a very late nightcap, and she sat next to me, almost in my lap. "You know the rules, right?" 

 "I think so," I laughed. "Platonic." 

 She lifted an eyebrow. "Funny, that's not how Sheri explained it to me. I was told nothing I wouldn't do on a first date. That, and to keep my clothes on. That work for you?" She lifted her arms and placed them around my neck. 

 "I think I can work with that," I answered. 

 We necked like teenagers, drank a little wine, and talked. She was single, dating a couple of guys, but not exclusive. She worked in accounting at Sheri's firm, and knew all about the deal. She was apparently friendly with John at one time, and was hopeful that this weekend was going to help. 

 "You're a hell of a man, Alex. I don't know many guys who would be confident enough in their marriage to go along with this." 

 I guess I wasn't as confident as I thought. "You don't think I'm a wimp then? Whipped enough to let my wife do whatever she wants. Spend three nights with another man." 

 "No," she said softly, kissing me for the umpteenth time that night. "Just the opposite. I wish I could find a man like you." 

 "I'm certain you will. You're a pretty incredible catch if you don't mind my saying. Beautiful, easy to talk to, earning a good living. Not to mention a terror on the dance floor." 

 "Thank you. Maybe someone worthwhile will realize it someday," she said wistfully. 

 It was after 2:00am when I moved away from her. "It's late. I have no idea how early my day's going to start tomorrow. I think we better call it a night." 

 She took my hands in hers. "I'll stay if you'd like. Nothing naughty, but I'd love to fall asleep in your arms, and wake up the same way." 

 "I think that would be pressing the definition of a platonic date a little far." 

 "It wasn't my idea. We don't want you be alone this weekend. An empty bed can be a lonely place. Let me stay? I'll behave, and I know you will." 

 "You know I will? With someone as gorgeous as you in my bed?" 

 "Absolutely. You're not a cheater. We both know that." She leaned against me. "It's hard for a girl to ask," she said softly. 

 "Let's go to bed. But I expect a goodnight kiss." 

 She went out to her car, and brought in a small case. We took turns showering, and she came out of the bathroom, dressed in a short t-shirt, and shorts. God, she looked good. "I can wear more if I need to, but I'm used to less. Is this Ok?" she asked. 

 "Perfect." I was wearing a pair of shorts, which admittedly was more than I was used to as well. 

 She climbed into my bed, and into my arms. We took up the kissing where we'd stopped on the couch. A little fondling and caressing, but avoiding the goodies. It was only for about 5 minutes, before we were mostly just holding each other, an occasional peck breaking things up. 

 "This was the best day ever," she whispered, her eyes closed. "I'm so fucking jealous." 

 I pulled her close, and her arm went around me, her leg sliding over mine. "I had a wonderful time. Thank you," I told her 

 "Mmmhmmm," she purred, snuggling in close and getting comfortable. 

 I was hard, no surprise, but I had little inclination to act on it. For a moment I started to wonder what my wife was up to, but managed to put it aside. It did help to wilt my trouser soldier. 

 I woke up, curled around her, spooning. My hardness was pressed against her, and my hand was inside her shirt, cupping her breast. I toyed with it softly, enjoying the feeling until I realized what I was doing. I started to pull away, and her hand grabbed mine. "Don't stop. Just hold me a little longer, Alex, please?" 

 I nuzzled my face into her neck, breathing deep, kissing her softly. I pulled her close, not worrying about how I was poking her down below, and massaged her tit gently. 

 I rested, content to feel her warm soft body against mine. When I awoke next, I was alone in my bed. I could hear the shower running. I laid on my back, wondering how it had come to this. A beautiful woman in my shower, my wife off with another man. Oh well, I started the whole damn thing with that damn Valentine Day's card. It could have turned out a whole lot worse. 

 Joanie peaked out of the bathroom. "Shower's yours, hot stuff. Get your butt out of that bed. Time's a wasting. It's after 11:00 you know." 

 I looked at the clock, amazed we'd slept in that long. I got up, my morning wood leading the way. The bathroom door was open, and she was drying her long dark hair. "I don't mind sharing the bathroom if you don't," she told me. 

 What the hell. I started the shower, and dropped my shorts. Joanie was watching me in the mirror. I caught her looking and she smiled. "Looking good, Alex. I'm getting more and more jealous," she teased. 

 "Ditto, beautiful," I laughed, and climbed into the enclosure. After a quick wash and shampoo, I got out and dried myself, wrapping the towel around my waist. She pouted cutely. I got in front of my sink, did the shave and teeth brushing thing, then ran a brush through my hair. Less than 5 minutes all told. She was still working at putting on her face. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** That Damned Valentine's Day Card ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© "Not fair," she teased. "It's not a race." 

 "I wanted to finish quickly, so I could watch you for a few more minutes," I told her. 

 She grinned at me, then made a show out of removing her towel and wrapping it around her waist. Her tits were mesmerizing. She gave me a big smile. "You deserve this much at least. You were the perfect gentleman. A dying breed I might add." 

 I laughed, moving behind her, wrapping my arms around her waist, pulling her hair to the side and kissing her neck. "Thank you for yesterday and last night. It was what I needed. But to be honest, I'm not feeling much like a gentleman right now. If I wasn't married..." 

 She turned wrapping her arms around me and kissing me warmly. "Happily married, and you are. To my great chagrin. And you're still a gentleman. I could strip naked, and still leave with my virtue, couldn't I." 

 "But not without regrets," I teased. 

 "Bullshit, Alex. You wouldn't regret it. You might fantasize a little. I know I will be. But you'd never regret it. That's one of the things that's so fucking lovable about you." She gave me another kiss. "Go, get dressed. I'll never get finished in here, with you around. I'm so damn tempted to see if you're corruptible. Go!" she laughed. 

 "Dress casual!" she shouted after me. "Jeans would be good." 

 She came out ten minutes later, looking good enough to eat. She saw the look on my face and smiled. "I'll take that as a compliment," she teased. 

 "Damn, Joanie. How the hell are you single?" 

 She laughed, walking up to me and putting her arm around my waist. "All the best ones are taken. Just my luck." She checked the time. "Let's go handsome. We got a schedule to keep." 

 "Schedule? We haven't even had breakfast yet," I argued. 

 "Your own fault for sleeping in, lazy bones. Besides, it's already lunch time. C'mon, you can ride with me." 

 We climbed in her Honda, and she drove us to the Bay Street Diner. We placed our orders, and I wondered at the situation that had me seated in front of this stunning woman, while my wife was off with another. 

 "You thinking, about them?" Joanie asked softly. 

 "A little. I must admit, you've done an incredible job of keeping me distracted." 

 She grinned, and took my hand in hers. "Nicest job I've had in a long time." 

 "How'd you get signed up for it?" I asked. 

 She shrugged. "Girls in the office talk, you know. John's been going through a rough patch, and it's pretty obvious that the only one he responds to it Sheri. Damn if I know why. We were all so concerned with him, especially lately. She came into my office on Thursday, and broke down, after seeing him crying. We talked about what we could do, and she brought up spending extended time with him, to get him out of his funk. Of course, none of us could believe that her husband, you, would allow that, even if nothing happened. When she called Friday, and told us her plan, and that you had not only Ok'd it, as a onetime thing, but even encouraged her to do all she could up until he left, we all had to meet you." 

 I gave a sheepish smile. "Caught me off guard. I would never have thought I'd go along with it either. She seemed so sincere in her need to 'save him' I just couldn't get in her way. Doesn't mean it isn't eating me up inside." 

 She nodded. "She was a mess on the phone. We all know about your special Valentine Day's. Hell, we're all jealous as shit. Pretty lousy time to spring a surprise like that on you. She realizes it now. She was beating herself up pretty bad about it. We weren't easy on her either." 

 "I'm not going to deny it. Most hurtful thing she's ever done, by a long shot. I doubt she knows how close she came to being alone." 

 "She's going to make it up to you, you know that, right?" Joanie said softly, the concern in her eyes evident. "She loves you like nobody's business. Last person in the world that would cheat on her husband. Most of us are single, and she's like the Mom looking over us. All of 2 years older, but such a different outlook. So mature, settled, and happy with her life. Our dream role model." 

 "I know. I love her just as much. No way I could do this otherwise. I mean, really? The guy hit a rough patch. Down deep, I just want to shake him and say man-up. Get over it. Leave my wife alone." 

 "Rough patch?" Joanie almost snapped. I saw a flash of anger in her eyes. "The man's been through hell! First his cheating fiancée four years ago, then the slut-wife gets him on the rebound, quick pops out a kid that isn't even his, a second one that is, to complicate things, and starts cheating on him with any cock she can find. Rapes him in the divorce, takes half his trust only weeks after he gets it. His father dies before the ink on the divorce paper's even dry. He gets passed over for a promotion by one of the guys that was doing his wife. He's paying for kids he doesn't get to see since the whore left the state. Even then he looked like he might survive and he gets called up in the Reserves to serve in Afghanistan. The poor guy is cursed." 

 "You seem to know a lot about him," I mentioned, noting her intensity. 

 She blushed. "He's a great guy. Or he was. Now he sees every single woman as a gold-digging whore. I'm not going to deny it. When I heard he was going to be free, I showed my interest, but I was shot down colder than his ex's heart. Fuck, nobody can get through to him but Sheri. How the fuck is that fair? She has you, the dream husband, and the most eligible man in the building doesn't know anyone but the Ice Queen is alive." 

 "Ice Queen?" 

 "Oops. I didn't mean to say that. We don't mean it harshly you know. It's kind of cool. Doesn't matter who hits on her, she shuts them down hard. Not even a hint of flirting. Looking like that, and so damn cold. She's a challenge to every man who sees her. Most of them never get so much as a smile." 

 Before our food was delivered, a pretty red-head came in and high-fived Joanie. 

 "Tag, you're it," Joanie laughed, scooting over. 

 Our new guest settled in quickly. "I'm Shannon. You're mine now until I drop you off at work tomorrow morning. Got a problem with that?" 

 I laughed at her impertinence. "No problem at all." 

 Joanie giggled. "This should be interesting," she said. 

 "Interesting, how?" I asked. 

 "Fire and Ice. Married to the Ice Queen, and spending a day with Blaze." 

 "Joanie!" Shannon snapped. 

 "Sorry. I couldn't help it. You have to admit it's kind of funny," Joanie smirked. 

 Shannon glared at me. "One smart ass crack, buster, and I'll make your life hell on earth for the next 24 hours. Kapiche?" 

 I was amused. I turned to Joanie. "This is my wife's idea of how to keep me distracted from her antics?" 

 Shannon answered. "Hell no. This is our idea. She was happy enough to go along once she had her ground rules set. We just had to meet the man who could thaw Sheri." 

 "I still can't get over your nickname for her. I've never seen anything 'Icy' about her in seven years. Just the opposite, to be honest. The most passionate woman I ever met." 

 Joanie smiled. "It's all for you. Nobody sees even a hint of that passion, at least not a work. I mean, well, we girls have heard more than our share, but in action? Stone cold." 

 Shannon nodded. "No shit. The guys in the back offices get a kick of playing the Stone's She's So Cold every time she makes an appearance. She only smiles, and acts proud." 

 "She seems to have thawed for John, though," I noted, maybe with a little more irritation than I should have. 

 "He's a friend. I guess you guys know him away from work. With friends, the mask comes down. Nicest girl in the world, when it comes to her buds." Joanie said. 

 The food was placed in front of us, and Shannon had a fry in her mouth before I had even straightened the plate. "Should I order, or you willing to share?" she asked me. 

 "Dig in. We can build up an appetite for dinner," I told her. 

 She laughed. "We'll do that, I promise." 

 * * * 

 She was right. The girl was a human dynamo. Perpetual motion. She had everything planned out, including a hike and a canoe ride. My shoulders were aching by the time we got out of the water. She was nothing like Joanie, and equally as charming and beautiful. Curves out the wazoo on a tight little frame, her burgundy hair blazing under the sun. 

 She couldn't pass an outdoor food stand without begging me to buy her something, which she would quickly proceed to share. "Need to put some meat on you. Don't you know nobody likes a skinny man?" 

 "I'm hardly skinny." 

 She gave me a quirky look. "No girl wants to go out with a guy skinner than her." 

 I was surprised. "Who are you kidding? You don't have a single ounce of fat on your body that isn't perfectly placed. Pulchritudinous fits you to a tee." 

 "That some kind of dig?" she sneered. 

 "You're beautiful and sexy as hell. No dig. I think your body is pure fantasy material," I explained. 

 "So you're hitting on me now?" Her glare was vicious. 

 I laughed. "Jesus, you're prickly. I'm not hitting on you. I'm very happily married. I am having a great time with you, and I do get a kick out of all these poor bastards around me, wishing they were in my shoes. Shuck the armor, Shannon. You don't need it with me. I promise." 

 She blushed, and I don't think I'd ever seen anyone turn as red as she did. "Easy for you to say," she mumbled. 

 I grabbed her, surprising her into squealing. I held her under her arms and spun around with her, over and over. Her look of surprise turned to glee, and she laughed. 

 When I put her down, dizzy, she just stared at me. "Anyone ever tell you you're weird?" 

 "Yep. Like I give a damn." 

 She grinned at that. "I like you're attitude, Alex. Where you taking me for dinner?" 

 "My choice? I thought you girls had it all planned out." 

 "Naw, I'm more of a spur of the moment girl. I don't like Japanese, and I'm not in the mood for Mexican. I'm starving. Where you taking me?" 

 "I've got a hankering for meat. Steak? Ribs? Barbecue?" 

 "I wouldn't say no to a nice steak," she answered. 

 * * * 

 We stopped by my place to clean up after the day's activities. I was booted from my own bedroom while she got ready. It was still pretty early but I decided to make my call to Sheri. 

 She answered on the third ring, and asked me to give her a minute. It wasn't 30 seconds later that she told me she was back. 

 "How you holding up?" she asked. 

 "Pretty good. You're distraction theory is about 90% effective." 

 She was quiet for a bit. "How's the other 10%?" 

 "Coping. Anxious. Jealous. Maybe feeling a little sorry for myself." 

 "You should know that I think it's paying off. He's a lot better today. Almost like normal. I even caught him eyeing a few hotties, and gave him crap for it." 

 "Eyeing other women? With you there? What is he, insane?" I asked. 

 She chuckled. "No. It's what we're hoping for. We all agree, the only reason he seems Ok with me is because I'm safe. I'm not after him or his money. I know you didn't want to hear it, but last night was purely platonic. I mean even more platonic than you and Joanie, from what I hear," she teased. 

 "You checking up on me?" I laughed. 

 "Naw, she was so wound up, she gave me a call as soon as you took off with Shannon. Man, you've won yourself a fan with that one. I don't have anything to be worried about, do I Alex?" 

 "Hardly. She was great to be with, but you know how it is." 

 I could almost hear her smile over the phone. "I do. I...I appreciate it more than you can know. To be loved like that, it's almost daunting." 

 "I know what you mean." 

 "Do you? Do you really? Because I do, you know. I might have fucked up the other night, but you have to know, Alex. You're my soul-mate. Absolutely." She sounded nervous. "We're Ok, right? I'm not ruining things. Please tell me that we're Ok?" 

 "I can't tell you we're Ok," I teased, hesitating. "We're so much better than that. We're perfect. I understand. I...I think it's a hell of a thing you're doing, and the courage it took to ask me is something else. You're a pretty amazing friend, aren't you?" 

 She was quiet, and then I could hear her crying softly. "You're too good to me Alex." 

 "Impossible." 

 I was almost knocked on my ass, when a towel clad Shannon plopped down on my lap, snatching the phone from my hand. 

 "What up, Bitch. You been holding out on us. How come we've never seen your hunky hubby around any of the company events?" 

 I didn't hear the response, but Shannon was giggling. "Yeah. No shit. Well, that's over now. Time to share. I expect an invite to every party, every barbecue, whatever. How's John-boy doing?" 

 That got a longer answer, and Shannon leaned back against me, giving me a little smile. I adjusted her in my lap, before I poked a hole in her rear. Damn she smelled good. Little tease. 

 "Hold on a sec. Tell lover-boy goodbye, he needs to get ready. We're about to head out again." She handed me the phone. 

 "Alex?" 

 "I'm here. I hope everything goes well on your side." 

 "You gonna survive an evening with that ornery girl?" Sheri asked. "Keep her in line, Ok? Don't let her misbehave too much." 

 "Too much?" I asked. 

 "You know what I mean. Keep it in your pants, big guy. Have fun, just not too much." 

 "That would never be an issue," I told her. 

 "I know, baby, but she's a wild one. And if she sets her sights on you, she's hard to reject. Keep her leashed. Now go get ready. I love you." 

 "I love you more," I told her. 

 "I'm not going to argue that. It's kind of scary, to love you as much as I do, and to think you might actually love me even more. It doesn't seem possible, but damn if you don't try to prove it over and over again. Go now. Put the wild thing on." 

 I handed the phone to Shannon, and lifted her off my lap. Not that I wanted to. She felt good there. 

 I hit the shower, and was almost dressed before I got ejected from my room again, while she finished up. 

 * * * 

 Dinner was followed by dancing. More dancing. Ughh. 

 She was an amazing dancer, and I was given more tips and pointers. She wouldn't dance with anyone but me, and I hated to keep her off the floor, she seemed to love it so much. 

 At one break I had to ask. "Jesus, Shannon. Are all your crowd as good a dancers as you and Joanie?" 

 She grinned, and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Sweet that you'd put me in her category." 

 "You're completely different, but equally amazing." 

 Her eyes flashed with amusement. "She's a pro. I'm just a talented amateur." 

 "Bullshit. You're holding back." 

 She laughed, bounced up on her knees, and gave me a hug. "God, you're cute." She gave me another quick kiss on the cheek. "Dance with me, Alex." 

 It was slow dance, and she plastered her body against mine. She got the expected response. Shannon looked up at me with a scary grin. "So you're not totally immune to my charms," she said proudly. 

 "No, I'm not dead." 

 She laughed loudly, and pressed up against me once more. 

 I was surprised when she wanted to call it a night by 11:30. I would have happily stayed longer, but then I wondered if the evening might end like the one the night before. Joanie had been very touchy-feely, and openly affectionate all day. Shannon, hadn't started any physicality, except for the surprise leap in to my lap on the phone call, until half-way through dancing. 

 Any questions on that subject were settled quite quickly when we got home. She pushed me to the couch. "Sit." 

 I sat. She gave me a mischievous smile, then disappeared back to the bedroom. A minute later she walked out and threw something at me. It was a pair of silk boxers she'd found in my drawer. A gift from my wife I don't think I'd worn twice. "Turn up the temperature a couple of degrees. I'll be out in a few minutes. I expect to find you wearing that, and nothing else. Understood?" 

 I nodded, more than a little surprised at the sudden change in her behavior. 

 A few minutes was closer to 20. She came out wearing a form fitting business outfit. She walked around, turning down the lights, then walked back and brought out a boom box. The opening sounds of Joe Cocker's You Can Leave Your Hat On started playing, and she started dancing for me. 

 She was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen, slowly peeling off the outfit one piece at a time, staring into my eyes most of the time. By the time the last notes expired, she was wearing only her thong. Her breasts were hypnotizing, as close to perfect as I could imagine, large, firm full, with hard little nipples standing tall. 

 Nickelback's Something In Your Mouth started playing and she moved closer, touching me caressing me, until I was receiving a heart-stopping lap dance. She teased me mercilessly, her tits and tight ass, rubbing all over me, grazing my face. I was so hard I was aching. 

 My face was between her powdered breasts when the drums from Pour Some Sugar On Me started beating. She straddled me, grinding against my hardness. She leaned over and whispered in my ear. "God I love the feel of that. Your hardness, wrapped in silk, pressed against me." 

 I moaned and she worked me harder. All her attention was below my waist, whether it was her tits, her ass, or her burning crotch. She was driving me crazy. She got up, turned her back to me then did a handstand, slowly walking her hands back until she was against the couch. Her body leaned toward me, her legs open, as Cherry Pie started playing. She had incredible body control, and somehow managed to get her legs around my head, and her head in my crotch. I was still wearing my boxers, and I could feel her head and then her mouth, teasing me through the thin material. My entire vision was captured by the tiny thong covering her pussy, less than an inch from my face. 

 When I didn't make a move toward her, she pushed back further until my lips were grazing her barely covered pussy. She was rolling her hips, grinding against my face, as I started participating, nibbling and licking at the thin material. All thoughts left my brain, as I concentrated on what was before me, and the action in my shorts. 

 She rolled away from me, then dragged me to the floor, on my back. She straddled my waist, then paused waiting for the end of the song. When Kid Rock's Cowboy started up she ground against my cock, up and down the length. She leaned over and smiled. "You gonna come for me, Alex? We're following the rules right? Keeping it in our pants." 

 I'd been following strip club rules, keeping my hands to myself, but I couldn't help myself. I grabbed her hips and drove myself against her. "God, you're amazing," I told her. 

 She smiled sultrily, then lowered her hips to mine, softly. Her mouth opened and her tongue slid between my lips. She was breathing hard, moaning softly. 

 "Oh baby," she moaned. "You're gonna make me come for you." 

 Her hips went into overdrive, pressing against me, scooting back and forth along my length. 

 "Fuuuuck," I groaned feeling my own end approaching. Her fingers were digging into my shoulders, hair waving back and forth, eyes closed, the sweetest little mewling noises escaping her lips. With a shuddering whimper she came for me. It wasn't ten seconds later that I was making a mess inside my boxers. 

 Sweet Child O' Mine was playing as she settled against me, stretched out on my body. She seemed content to lay there, as I caressed her. "You're not mad at me, are you Alex?" she asked softly. 

 "Not hardly. You were incredible." 

 "I wouldn't ever want to make you cheat on her. I told her what I planned. I swear she's Ok with it. I couldn't stand the idea of getting you worked up two nights in a row without a little release." 

 I chuckled. "Thank you. I was afraid I'd be taking another cold shower." 

 "I was thinking a hot shower together, but all attention above the waist. Do you think you could manage that? Not get too crazy?" Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** That Damned Valentine's Day Card ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© "I'd love to. And yes, we can keep things under control." 

 We did, and it was wonderful. After the shower she put on a pair of little boy- short panties, and I wore my boxers as we climbed into bed together. 

 "You've done that before," I teased, holding her in my arms. 

 She giggled. "A time or two. Put me through college. It's been years." 

 "I couldn't tell. Thank you for today." 

 She kissed me softly. "You're welcome." 

 She seemed tuckered out, content to be held. I was equally happy to hold her. 

 "Wanna know a secret," she asked sleepily, wriggling up against me. 

 "Other than what an amazing girl you are?" I teased, nuzzling her neck, face deep in that spectacular red mane of hers. 

 "Promise not to get mad?" she said, ignoring my response. 

 "It would be very difficult to be mad at you Shannon," I whispered, kissing her shoulder. 

 "I didn't think I was going to like you. Not one bit." 

 That did surprise me a little. Why wouldn't she like me? She didn't even know me. 

 She pulled my hand off her breast, and kissed my palm. "I was wrong." 

 * * * 

 We woke lazily, cuddling together, until she shooed me off to brush my teeth. She followed, that spectacular body on display, and used my wife's toothbrush to take care of her own. As soon as she was done, she held her arms up to me, and I entered them for a nice little kiss. 

 She took me by the hand. "It's still early. You don't have to be in until 9:00 today. Come back to bed." 

 We ended up holding each other, kissing and caressing. "I had a great time yesterday," she confessed. "I wasn't expecting that." 

 "Why not?" 

 "I don't know. I thought you'd either be a real ass-wipe, or a cold fish. You're not." 

 "Thanks, I think." 

 She grinned, nibbling on my bottom lip. "It's a compliment. It takes me a long time to like people. I think I could like you pretty damn fast." 

 "The feeling is mutual. I hope we all can stay friends when this is all over." 

 "You won't feel awkward? Hanging out with a bi-sexual, ex-stripper, basket case?" 

 "I doubt I'll ever feel awkward around you. You're as comfortable as an old shoe, no offense. I like being around you." 

 She grinned. "It's not just my hot body, and amazing dancing skills?" 

 "Trust me, that doesn't hurt." 

 "Want me to get you off again?" she teased, rubbing my inevitable hardness. 

 "God, I'd love that, but I think I'll take a pass. I'm already feeling a little guilty." 

 "Mmm. Thanks. I'm feeling it too, but I wouldn't want to leave you miserable," she said, cuddling in tightly. 

 "Shannon, I'm feeling the opposite of miserable right now." 

 She was quiet, content to lay in my arms. She heaved a big sigh. "Alright. Enough of this. Go get cleaned up. I'll make us something to eat, and take you to work. Be outside at 5:30 on the dot. We're not done with you yet." 

 I stole one last kiss, and disappeared into the bathroom. I still had the stray thought or two about what my wife was up to, and how her evening went. Distractions or not, it was never far from my mind. 

 * * * 

 I was standing outside at 5:30, when the convertible bug pulled up. Kind of brisk outside for open top season. I walked to the car, and stopped a couple of steps away. I was more surprised than I probably should have been. 

 Alyssa looked up at me. "Too awkward? I can call Shannon." 

 I opened the door, and got in. "Not at all. You caught me by surprise, that's all." 

 "Not a bad surprise, I hope," she said, pulling out into traffic. 

 "Not at all. It's nice to see you again. I almost didn't recognize you." 

 She laughed. "You mean clothed, no blindfold?" 

 I chuckled. "Yeah. I guess that would be it." 

 "Anything you want to do in particular?" she asked. 

 "No. I'm flexible." 

 "Want to talk about it?" 

 "Not particularly," I confessed. 

 "Good. Then what do you say we get you out of the monkey suit, and have a little fun." 

 Her idea of fun wasn't exactly the same as mine. It started with 60 minutes of yoga in a 100 degree room. I was drained by the time we were finished. Then it was back home to get cleaned up, all totally innocent, and then out to dinner at a Japanese Steakhouse with all the fancy knife play and kidding around. She was not the chatterbox that Shannon was, or the playful kitten that was Joanie. She was easygoing, cheerful, laughed easily, and a great conversationalist. The perfect casual date. 

 At the end of dinner, she took my arm in hers. "That was nice. You want to call her now? It's probably a good time." 

 We stopped in a park, and she walked around nearby, giving me some privacy for the call. Not like Shannon at all. 

 Sheri picked up on the third ring. "I miss you, baby," she said without any introduction. 

 "Same here. How's John doing?" 

 "So much better. It's been a quiet day, mostly talking, helping him put all his stuff in storage. The moving guys were here for 4 hours." 

 "I hadn't even thought of that. No use keeping a place I guess." 

 "Yeah. He lost the house to the bitch, and then she sold it two months later. He's been renting an apartment ever since. It is a nice apartment." I could hear the nervousness in her voice. 

 "What's up? Something's bothering you." 

 "I could never get away with anything with you, could I? You know me too damn well," she didn't sound like it bothered her at all. Just the opposite. 

 "Better than I know myself, I think." 

 "Would you mind if I took him home for a while? We haven't eaten, the movers left less than an hour ago." 

 "For the night?" I asked, feeling the uneasiness surface. 

 "Oh no! Don't even think that. I thought I'd make a little dinner, something simple and quiet. We'll be gone before 10:00." 

 "If you want. I won't be home until at least 11:00, how's that?" 

 "Thank you, Alex. I'm sorry to be such a pain." 

 "No problem. Really. Have a great dinner. What time is he leaving tomorrow?" 

 "I think he said 2:00. I'll be home when you get there." 

 "I can't wait to see you again. I miss you terribly." 

 She laughed. "I know what you missed. I promise, I'm going to spoil you rotten." 

 "I think you already started. These girls of yours are pretty wild." 

 "I know. Shannon called. She was almost in tears, she felt so guilty. Hell of a lap-dance I hear." 

 "To say the least. I'll fill you in later if you want." 

 "I want. Sounds like you had fun at least. I'm getting a little jealous, I have to confess." 

 "Same here. They're fun, but they're not you." 

 "They're good people. I hope you realize that. They've been great friends." 

 "How come we never got together then?" I asked. 

 "I...I guess I've always wanted to separate work from home. I'm a different person at work. I like to leave that behind me when I go home to you." 

 "The Ice Queen?" 

 She chuckled. "I figure that was inevitable. Who told?" 

 "Joanie. Comparing you and Shannon. Fire and Ice." 

 "That's about it. You don't think it's weird, do you?" 

 "No. I think it's nice. I get my own little Fire when you get home." 

 "Friggin' bonfire this time. God, I need you." 

 "Me too. Less than 24 hours. I hope it works out like you wanted." 

 "Same here. It's been really good for him so far. Thanks again for letting me do this." 

 "I won't say anytime," I teased. "But you're welcome. I love you, I won't keep you from him any longer." 

 "I love you too." She hesitated a bit. "Alyssa's not like the other two. Go easy with her, Ok?" 

 "She's been great so far. We'll take it easy." 

 "G'night. See you tomorrow." 

 * * * 

 Ok. It was definitely a conspiracy. Dancing for the third night in a row. I get it. My wife likes dancing. 

 Different kind of place. Country. Alyssa liked dancing, and worked with me on the Texas two-step. After the training by the other two, I figure I took to the bit pretty easily. I wasn't uncomfortable at all, dancing around the floor in circles, keeping it simple, and watching all the regulars do their thing. She coaxed me into learning a couple of moves, simple twirls, sweetheart, promenade, easy stuff. 

 I was dragged out on the floor for a couple of line dances where I made a fool of myself. We danced until close to midnight, before she told me it was time to go home. 

 There were no cars in the driveway when we got there, other than hers. Inside she seemed shy, and I invited her into the living room, where we shared a bottle of wine. 

 "I had a great time tonight," I told her. "I've danced more in the last three nights than I have in a year." 

 She grinned. "We know. That's going to change now, isn't it?" 

 I nodded. "I think I'll still need some lessons." 

 "You won't have to look far. We all can make a night of it. I'd like that." 

 "Me too." 

 I could see she was nervous, and I wasn't sure how to put her at ease. "You don't have to stay if you're uncomfortable." 

 That didn't help. 

 "I...I want to. I don't do this. I don't date much. I...I've never been with a man." 

 I was surprised to hear that. "Could I get a hug?" I asked. "I could use one right now." 

 She looked surprised, then concerned. She got up and awkwardly sat on my lap. "Like this?" 

 I chuckled, adjusting her a little, then pulling her close. "Thank you. I don't know why tonight feels so much more difficult than the last two." 

 "I'm sorry. I don't know what to do," she said softly. 

 "It's not you. I've enjoyed tonight immensely. I can't stop thinking about them." 

 "If...if I kissed you, would that help?" she murmured, blushing. 

 "If you don't want to..." 

 "I do." She smiled, and then gave me a kiss that curled my toes. I don't know how long it went on, but the girl had a magical mouth. When she pulled away, I was stunned. 

 "Wow!" 

 She giggled. "I like kissing," she said. "Even boys sometimes." 

 "Even boys?" 

 "I mostly kiss girls. That's not going to freak you out, is it?" 

 "No, not at all. A kiss like that leaves me too numb to freak out over anything." 

 She laughed, turned in my lap, getting more comfortable, and laid another on me. She seemed surprised to feel my erection. "I guess you really do like my kisses." 

 "I do. I really, really do." 

 "Want to go in the bedroom?" she asked shyly. "We could get comfortable." She suddenly blushed. "I...I don't mean, like, get comfortable I just, well, the bed is more comfortable. Something's poking me." 

 I laughed, and helped her up. "You go ahead, clean up and change. I'll be in shortly." 

 She smiled, and grabbed her small bag she'd left by the door. I put things away, and cleaned up. There wasn't much to do, but I gave her fifteen minutes. The lights were dimmed, and she was in the bed, under the covers. I hopped in the shower, and put on shorts. Coming out of the bedroom, the covers on my side had been turned down. She looked nervous as hell. 

 I climbed in the bed. "Don't be nervous. Nothing's going to happen. I'd just like to hold you, if I could." 

 She looked at me, then slowly smiled. "I'd like that, I think." 

 I drew her close, and held her, trying to drive images of my wife out of my mind. 

 "Don't," Alyssa said softly. "Stay here with me, Alex." 

 I looked down at her, and she moved up, starting a slow kiss that evolved into another toe curler. Afterward I giggled. "I'm going to have to get you to teach my wife how to do that." 

 Her eyes sparkled. "I'd love to, if you didn't mind." 

 I realized what she was implying. "You like her?" 

 "Oh yeah. Big time. But you got her first, you bum. I can't compete with you." She gave me another kiss. "I guess I should thank you for Friday night. Getting her to go down on me like that? Man that's been a fantasy of mine forever." 

 I was stunned. She laughed at me. "Oh come on. She's gorgeous. We'd all love to do her, but she's so thoroughly yours. It's almost sick." 

 "All of you?" 

 She nodded. "Well, Joanie swings more toward guys, but she thinks you're hot. Shannon's a freak both ways. I'm pretty exclusively girls, but I swear, you're not bad to be with, Mr. Alex Martin." 

 She reached down and caressed my hardness. "I wouldn't mind seeing you put this to use. Having you two go at it, right above my face, blindfolded? God that was intense!" 

 She kissed me, and rubbed her leg against my hardon. "I'd love to share her with you, if you were in any way interested." Another teasing kiss. "Together we could absolutely destroy her." Toe curler. "Does that excite you, Alex? Me with her? It excites me. God, I'm practically dripping at the thought. Will you at least think about it?" 

 "Think about what?" I heard from the doorway. 

 Alyssa almost leaped out of the bed, and I bolted upright. "Sheri? What about John?" 

 She laughed, and started undressing. "He's in good hands. I passed him off to Joanie, after the dancing. My job was done." 

 She was naked when she crawled in the bed next to me. "Now I've seen everything. You and Alyssa?" 

 Alyssa spoke up. "We weren't doing anything. I swear. Just some kissing and talking." 

 Sheri giggled. "That's a nice start. You guys have fun tonight?" 

 I was still stuck on her being back. "John and Joanie?" 

 She gave me a hug. "In a big way. I'll go back tomorrow. I'm still going to see him off, if you don't mind." 

 I pulled her in for a big hug, dragging her on top of me. "God, I've missed you." 

 "I hope you have plans to show me how much," she teased. 

 I kissed her, and rolled her to the side, between me and Alyssa. She looked a little surprised, then she blushed. "I have a confession, Alex." 

 "It's not about John is it? I really don't want to know." I told her firmly. 

 "No, I mean not directly. You remember 7 years ago, when I told you I wasn't sure if I was ready yet. That there were things I wanted to do, things I wondered about. Worries about temptation, cheating, stuff like that." 

 I nodded solemnly. "Like it was yesterday." 

 "I...there were some things I didn't say." 

 "Say? Like what?" I asked nervously. 

 "It wasn't about being with another guy," she said softly. 

 It took a few moments and then things started to fall in place. "Girls?" 

 She looked embarrassed. "I had a college roommate. We played around a little but never got too far. She drove me crazy. I...I loved you, but I wondered. What it would be like. A soft touch. A woman's touch." 

 "Wow." 

 "You never had to worry about John. I like him as a friend, but he does nothing for me. The only fantasies I have that aren't filled by you, are about girls." She looked at me anxiously. "I'm not grossing you out, am I? I'd never act on it. I just wanted you to know. That's what it was about." 

 "Jesus, Sheri. This is a hell of a week for surprises," I told her. 

 "Please don't be mad at me. I wanted to be honest with you. I couldn't say it then. But Friday, when you encouraged me to...to do something with Alyssa, damn that was hot. Then just now, seeing you two together, knowing how she is..." 

 Alyssa had been quiet all along, laying at the edge of the bed, silent observer. She moved forward and cuddled up against Sheri. "I told him. Told him how bad I've wanted you." 

 Alyssa looked up at me. "We've never done anything. Kisses. That's all. Not even really good ones." 

 "That's a shame. Everyone should get one of your best kisses at least once," I told her, smiling. 

 I kissed my wife softly, then turned her head toward Alyssa. Alyssa wasted no time, trying to claim her. 

 During a short break, I turned Sheri back toward me, and did my best Alyssa impression. While I was kissing her, she was squirming, and I looked down to see our guest moving between Sheri's legs. "Can I, Alex? I owe her one. Please?" 

 I nodded, and turned back to my wife, smiling. She looked at me in surprise, then pulled me down for a passionate kiss. I felt her excitement and fed off it. I pulled away and watched her face. Her eyes were glued to mine. "Oh, Alex," she moaned softly. "God, Alex," she gasped a few moments later. I caressed her pretty face, running my thumb across her lips, while Alyssa did her stuff. I did mention her mouth was magical, didn't I? From the reaction we were getting out of Sheri, I knew it was true in more ways than one. 

 "A...A...Alex..." she whimpered, and I looked down to see the top of Alyssa's head moving vigorously. 

 Sheri grabbed my arm, clutching it, her body bowing, head tilted back, mouth open. "Alyssa!" she cried out, trembling mightily. 

 I had to have her, I couldn't wait any longer. I moved down the bed, and Alyssa grinned, moving aside. She reached down and opened Sheri's pussy for me. I thrust in, deeply and started fucking her hard. She screamed out as soon as I entered her, coming for me. Alyssa crawled up the bed, holding her, kissing my wife's face, fondling her tits. 

 No way I was going to last long, and after only a few minutes I was filling her. I was shocked when Alyssa pushed me out of the way and went down on Sheri again, driving her crazy. I moved up the bed, and placed my cock in Sheri's accommodating mouth, letting her get me hard. She continued sucking me until Alyssa had her coming again, then I took another turn. 

 By the time I was on my fourth, I knew Alyssa was right. We could destroy her together. She was out of control, begging for it, coming on demand, her whole being one raw nerve. While I was fucking her the last time, Alyssa straddled my wife's face, and a few minutes later I got to watch her come for us. 

 We fell asleep with my wife between us, fucked almost catatonic. I was amazingly content. 

 * * * 

 We were eating breakfast together when the doorbell rang. 8:00 am, early for visitors. 

 I opened the door to find a glowing Joanie there, John beside her, dressed in uniform, Captain's bars shining in the morning son. Joanie ran past me and gave my wife a huge hug, before breaking down crying. 

 Women. 

 I felt distinctly awkward, facing John, after he'd spent the night with my wife two nights in a row. 

 He stepped forward, and I saw he was nervous. He stuck out his hand. "I don't know what to say," he started. "I...I had prepared...oh shit," he mumbled, and I was shocked to see him tearing up. 

 He stepped forward and hugged me, almost desperately. "Thank you. I couldn't believe it. How you could do that. She's amazing, you know, best person I ever met. You're a lucky man." He wouldn't let me go. 

 I put my arms around him, and patted his back. "She is, and I know how lucky I am. Be safe over there, Ok? I'll buy you a beer when you come back." 

 He finally let me go. "I'll take you up on that. I have a reason to come back now." 

 I didn't like the sound of that, and I think he noticed. "I don't mean - I understand, this was a onetime thing. I would never, never break your trust. I swear on my life," he said anxiously. "I was in a bad place, the divorce, then this surprise. It wasn't good. She saved me, Alex. I swear to God, there's no other way to put it. I didn't care if I lived or died. She dragged me out if it, and then there was Joanie. I've been such a fool. Now, I need to get back. I have to make what she did for me matter. What both of them did. What all of you did. I can move on now, and I believe in time I can find my own Sheri. Maybe I have. At least I hope so. Not all women are like my bitch was. What you two did for me, I can never repay. Anything, anything I can ever do for you, you name it." 

 "Come back in one piece. That would be all I could ask." 

 Sheri was standing beside me and gave me a hug, looking over at John. "Best man in the world, didn't I tell you?" 

 He grinned. "I'm beginning to believe you. You two deserve each other." 

 She turned and gave me a kiss. "Joanie, John and I are going to breakfast, one last trip to the museum, then I'm taking him to the airport. I'll be home when you get off work." She gave me a squeeze. "I love you." 

 "I love you too," I said, then was surprised to be kissing Joanie. "You guys are the best," she whispered, leaving me stunned. Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** That Damned Valentine's Day Card ****** byTx_Tall_Tales© The door closed behind her, then Alyssa was guiding me back to the table. She giggled. "Just you and me again." 

 I nodded, still having a hard time getting my head around things. 

 Alyssa looked at me anxiously. "You Ok with last night?" 

 I came back to the present. "Surprisingly so." 

 "So maybe it won't be a onetime thing?" 

 "I think that'll be up to Sheri," I said. 

 She grinned from ear to ear. "God, Alex. I think you and I are going to be really good friends. I hope so." 

 Her smile was contagious. "Me too, beautiful." 

 * * * 

 My life was blessed. Over time, we five became the best of friends. I never got to fuck any of Sheri's girls, but they joined us in bed regularly. I got blowjobs from Joanie and Shannon, but Alyssa was always all about Sheri. 

 Occasionally Shannon would hook up with a guy, and we lost her for a couple of months, twice in that first year. She showed up on our doorstep afterward both times, and we'd take her to bed, reassuring her she was a fantastic woman, and she'd get it right. I don't know what the hell is with wrong with the males of the species sometimes. 

 Joanie was different. She just loved to be with us. The sex wasn't spectacular, not as good as with the other two, blowjobs aside. Still, she spent the night more than both the other two put together. Sheri confessed she loved waking up in Joanie's arms almost as much as she loved waking up in mine. 

 It was obvious that Alyssa was in love with my wife. The intensity of her attention sometimes bothered Sheri, but damn, that girl could drive my woman crazy. We left her in a quivering mess at least once every couple of weeks. 

 We spent more time with just the two of us in bed, then we did with our friends, but a weekend didn't pass when one of them didn't join us for a Friday or Saturday. We went out a lot, and in less than six months, with my gorgeous instructors, I wasn't a half bad dancer. I never got much rest though, dancing with all my girls. Maybe I should say Sheri's girls, but they felt a little like mine too. 

 Like I said. Life was good. 

 * * * 

 For the better part of a year. 

 He didn't make it back. He made it ten lousy months, and was lost to an IED. Sheri cried for two days. She and Joanie were together all the time, basket cases. To be honest, I wasn't a whole lot better. 

 The three of us attended his funeral, and we were both surprised to see that his mother and sister both knew who we were. They thanked us over and over again for what we'd done. His mother told us how happy he was, how excited he was over getting to come home. A new start, new friends, and a new lease on life. His sister made us promise to keep in touch. 

 The request for our presence at the reading of his will was even more surprising. We knew he was well off, and had a trust fund. We just didn't know the extent of it. He came from money. Old money. He left Sheri a substantial amount, and his life insurance, we found out, was in Joanie's name. We tried to refuse it, but his family was adamant we accept it. 

 "You all made him happy for the first time in years," his mother argued. "Don't belittle his last wishes." 

 He even left me something. His prized collection, which I knew nothing about. A 1967 Corvette 427 Stingray, black with tinted windows, a '68 Corvette 427 Convertible all original in bronze, a '97 40th Anniversary ZR-1 in Ruby Red, and a '60 Corvette Convertible in turquoise. He left me a message, that I knew how to take care of "Beautiful things." 

 We almost got in a fight, when I insisted that his mother and sister should each take one of his cars. They insisted they had no use for them, and we shouldn't break up the collection. 

 I did manage to get rid of two of them, and lost possession of the '60 to my wife, and the ZR-1 to Joanie. I was secretly please that I got to keep the '67. 

 

 I think of him, and what Sheri had done, or hadn't done, every time I drove either one. I never did ask her to tell me what they did. I never regretted my decision. 

 I framed that damn Valentine's Day card, and put it on the wall at the foot of my bed. It changed our lives, and not for the worse. 

 Sheri tells me she has a surprise for me, on her new official spoiling day. The day after Valentine's Day. February 15th. The girls have been conspiring, whispering and getting quiet whenever I'm around. They're up to no good. Or maybe a lot of good. You don't suppose... 

 ============================= 

 I hope you enjoyed this story. It's a contest entry and I'd love to hear your comments and as always, your votes are appreciated. Report_Story 