#1 

 

 ****** The Zipless Fuck ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© This is about the most amazing and satisfying sexual encounter of my life. I am still having a hard time believing that it happened to me - me, of all people. I am a sixty year old man who loves the ladies, especially the young ones (young to me is anyone under fifty). I am semi-retired and as a result I have a lot of free time on my hands and it was during one of those periods of free time that the following happened. 

 I had some work to do around the house and I needed some paint and some screws and nails. I live fairly close to a Wal-Mart so I made my list, jumped into my pick-up truck and drove over there. I love going into Wally World during the day because that is when all the young housewives are out shopping and I never get tired of looking at the ladies, or with flirting. Flirting is usually harmless fun since none of the women are going to take a sixty-year-old guy seriously. I pulled in to the lot, parked and headed into the store behind a woman who had a very nice walk if you know what I mean. She pulled a cart out of the stack and then took off her coat and dropped into the cart and I couldn't help but notice that she had an extremely nice looking rack. I pulled my cart out of the stack next to her and she turned my way, nice face, I thought, freshly scrubbed, no make up and very, very appealing. Our eyes met, we exchanged quick little smiles and then pushed our carts into the store where she went right and I went left. 

 Five minutes later as I was getting some shop towels off of the bottom shelf she came into the same aisle. Once again our eyes met, we exchanged smiles, and she went up the aisle and I went the other way. Another five minutes found me getting a couple of Valentine cards for my grandchildren and here she came again. Again the exchange of glances and small smiles except this time I said, "You're following me, I can tell." 

 She laughed and said, "Damn, and I was trying to be so discrete about it." 

 She went right and I turned left. Next it was the paint aisle. I smiled at her and said, "If this keeps up I may need to go to management and file a complaint that I'm being stalked in their store." 

 This got another laugh out of her and she said, "Please no, don't do that. If you do my husband will find out I spend my afternoons chasing men." 

 "Okay" I said, "Mums the word." 

 She went down the aisle and I went the other way. As I pushed the cart I allowed my thoughts to dwell on her; nice ass, great tits, and the clean freshly scrubbed look of the girl next door except that she was no girl - about thirty-five I would guess. I turned down another aisle and there she was. 

 "Aha" she cried. "The truth is out. You are following me, not the other way round. Truth now! You are one of those dirty old men who haunt malls and shopping centers to take advantage of sweet young girls." 

 I chuckled and said, "There is some truth to that, but not a lot. The truth is that I come in here and see all you lovely ladies and I wish I was twenty years younger and that just depresses the hell out of me." 

 She looked at my hand and said, "What about your wife?" 

 "Well" I replied, "I spend a lot of time wishing she was twenty years younger too." At that, the woman gave out a belly laugh that could be heard all over the store. I went left and she went right. 

 Five minutes later I was ready to check out so I headed for the checkout counters; there was only one light on and I headed for it and there she was. 

 "This man has been following me all through the store" she told the cashier, "I don't know if I should be alarmed or flattered." 

 I smiled at her and said, "Probably a little bit of both. But I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'll give you a head start out of the parking lot so I won't be tempted to follow you home." 

 "Damn" she said, "Just my luck! I go trolling and he gets away." 

 She paid and left, my stuff was rung up, I wrote a check, and when I got out to the parking lot she was nowhere in sight. 

 I stopped at the Conoco and filled my tank and then headed for home. When I pulled into my driveway a car I didn't recognize pulled in right behind me. Imagine my surprise when the woman from Wal-Mart got out of it. 

 She walked up to me and asked, "Is your wife home?" I shook my head no, "Is anyone else here?" Again I shook my head no and she said, "Good! Let's get inside before I change my mind." Once inside she asked, "Have you ever read Erica Jong?" I said that I hadn't, but that I'd heard of her. The woman said, "In one of her books she wrote that the greatest sexual thrill was what she called The Zipless Fuck. Its when two people who don't know each other come together, have no holds barred sex, and then part company never knowing each others names. It struck me while we were kibitzing in the store that this might be the only time in my life that I'll ever have a chance to see if she knew what she was talking about. Are you up to it?" 

 "Not really" I said, "To get up these days I have to take a pill." 

 "What kind of pill" she asked. 

 "Viagra honey. Since I turned sixty the old joy stick needs help." 

 "How long does it take?" 

 "About twenty minutes" I said. 

 She looked at her watch and then said, "Go take it. I've got until four-thirty before I have to go pick up my kids and get home to start dinner for my hubby." 

 

 I was shaking my head in amazement as I went and took the little blue pill, nothing like this had ever happened to me when I was young and vigorous. When I walked out of the kitchen I found her naked on the couch finger fucking herself. She noticed me watching and she said, "Well, I've got to do something while I wait for you." 

 "I can help you there," I said as I went to my knees in front of her. 

 She opened her legs wide and I stuck my tongue in her honey pot. I knew immediately that I'd been had. I looked up at her and she giggled, "Okay, so I've been bad. My husband fucked me just before I went to the store. I've always wanted to be eaten when I was full of cum and he would never do it. That's another reason why I wanted to try this Zipless Fuck thing. You will, won't you? Eat me, I mean?" 

 I pulled her off the couch and onto the floor and moved into position to do a sixty-nine and buried my face in her. As soon as my mouth touched her I felt her lips on my dick and the women had a magic mouth - she got me rock hard in only four or five minutes. She loved what I was doing to her with my mouth and she had an orgasm and as soon as the spasms subsided I pulled myself out of her mouth, swung around and mounted her. I don't know if its age or the Viagra, but once I get it up it stays rock hard for quite a while and it takes me forever to cum. I fucked her for a good twenty minutes before I let loose my load and the whole time she moaned, "Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes, oh yes." I swung around and ate her again while she sucked my dick some more, and then I switched and we fucked for another twenty or so minutes before she finally cried out, "Enough. I've got to go get my kids. As she dressed she said, "Thank you. I don't think I'll ever forget this day." 

 She grabbed her handbag and was gone. We never exchanged names and I never saw her again. But I spend a lot of afternoons at Wal-Mart and who knows, I might just find someone else to follow through the store. What the hell, a guy can dream, can't he? Report_Story 