#1 

 

 ****** The Conversation ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© It was a conversation that I was not meant to hear. It was a Saturday morning in July and normally I would have been on the golf course, but two of my regular foursome had cancelled so the other guy and I had decided not to play. I was working in the basement on some home projects when I heard the back door open and a voice call out, "Maxine? Are you here?" and I heard my wife holler back, "Pour yourself some coffee Sandi, I'll be right there." 

 The visitor was the next door neighbor, Sandi Grossmann, who also happened to be my wife's best friend from all the back to the second grade. Before I get to the conversation I need to say a little bit about Sandi. Even though she is Maxi's best friend I was not too fond of her. She just wasn't the sort of person I was comfortable around and I was not happy to have Maxi associating with her, but there wasn't any way that I was going to be breaking up a twenty- five year friendship. Sandi was on her fourth husband and all three of her previous marriages had ended when the husband of the moment caught her having sex with another man. In short, Sandi was a round-heeled slut and I would just as soon Maxi have nothing to do with her. Anyway, the conversation went something like this: 

 S: Is John home, or can we talk? 

 M: You know he always plays golf on Saturday. 

 S: I've just got to tell you about last night. Maxi, he was gorgeous and you wouldn't believe the size of his cock. He was every bit of ten inches long and as big around as a can of Pledge. And could he use it. He had more staying power than the Energizer Bunny. It's a good thing Harry (her fourth) was out of town last night because I was bowlegged when I staggered home and I left a trail of cum all the way across the floor. 

 M: Sandi, you are going to get caught and Harry's a nice guy. He doesn't deserve what you are doing to him. 

 S: Chill out Maxi. I know he's a good guy, but he wasn't home last night and I needed a cock bad. And Tony sure had a nice big one. I'm going to see him again tonight and get some more of that monster between his legs. He's got a friend, why don't you join us? 

 M: Get serious Sandi. 

 S: I am serious girlfriend. You have been Little Miss Goody Two Shoes long enough. You need to get out of the house and kick up your heels a little. 

 M: (laughing) You mean spread my legs and point my heels at the ceiling, right? 

 S: It would do you good Maxi. For once in your life you need to try a really big cock. 

 M: You forget, I had my share of big cocks in college (Hello? I thought, she told me she was a virgin when we got married). 

 S: Hell Maxi, you forget! I fucked every one of those guys that you fucked and I'm here to tell you that those college boys were half the size of Tony. And Tony says his friend is just as big as he is. 

 M: Sandi, I'm happy with my husband and I'm happy with my marriage and I don't want to do anything that might screw things up. 

 S: (laughing out loud) If that's true honey, explain the blowjob you gave the stripper at Georgette's bachelor party. And what about the handjob you gave Mike in his car at the Elk's dance last year (Now that got to me - I always thought that Maxi was true to me). 

 M: I'd had too much to drink and you know it, and besides, I didn't let them fuck me so I wasn't really being unfaithful to John. 

 S: Honey, you let the stripper cum in your mouth - and you swallowed it all! You think John wouldn't call that being unfaithful? 

 M: I had to swallow it all. It would have gotten all over my dress otherwise and how would I have explained that? 

 S: Maxi, you are something else. You can say what you want, but I know you want to let yourself go. You really shouldn't pass up this chance at Tony's friend. 

 M: Honestly, just because I had a couple of drunken indiscretions doesn't mean I want to go out and spread my legs for some stranger. 

 S: Yes you do baby, yes you do! You just won't admit it to yourself. 

 M: Well, even if you are right, there is no way I'm getting out of the house tonight, not with John home. 

 S: Leave it to me baby. Just put your diaphragm in and wait for my call. Got to run. Got to go to the store and get some really sexy underthings for tonight. 

 M: I don't know..... 

 S: (interrupting) No backing out Maxi, this might be your best chance at a big one. Don't miss out on it. I'll call you later, be ready. 

 I heard chairs scrape on the floor and then the back door close. I sat on my stool, stunned by what I'd just listened to. Sucking off a stripper? Hand job in a car while we were at a dance? Had her share of cocks in college? Obviously I did not know Maxi near as well as I thought. And now, was she really considering going out with Sandi, just to try on a guy with a big cock? I wondered just what the hell I was going to do about what I'd just heard. I couldn't go upstairs and confront Maxi because then she would know that I had sat there and deliberately listened to her conversation without letting her know I was home. She would consider that a breach of trust on my part, an intrusion on her right to privacy. After all, I didn't know that she would really do it. Maybe she was just making girl talk to placate Sandi. I couldn't bitch about what she'd done in college - that was before we met - and God knows I'd done my share of fucking around in college. As far as the as the two drunken incidents were concerned, I had to stay away from them too. There was a time, a couple of years back, when I'd had an affair with one of the next door neighbors. I'd broken it off when I finally realized that Maxi was the best thing to ever happen to me and I didn't want to take a chance at losing her. I was pretty sure that Maxi didn't know for sure, but I think she had been suspicious. If I threw up her drunken episodes and she fired back "What about you and Martha?" we would find ourselves in a real sticky situation and where would we be then? No, what I had to do was come up with a way to keep her from going out with Sandi. 

 I spent another hour puttering around in the basement and then I went upstairs and into the kitchen were Maxi was busy making up a shopping list. I saw worry on her face when she saw me, "How long have you been home?" she asked. I told her that I'd never left and then I told her about my two partners canceling. I knew she was worried that I'd overheard her conversation with Sandi, but I gave no indication as I walked over to the fridge and got a soda. I turned to her and said: 

 "I thought we might go out to dinner tonight and then take in a movie. Is there anything in particular that you might like to see?" 

 I couldn't decipher the look that came over her face, but she caught me completely flat-footed when she said: 

 "Oh I'm sorry honey, I told Sandi I would go with her tonight to visit her mother in the nursing home." 

 It seemed that Maxi had already made up her mind about meeting Mr. Big Dick and wasn't going to wait for Sandi to call. Shit! Now what do I do? 

 +++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 In the end, I did nothing. I realized that the only thing I could do was tell her that I didn't want her going out with Sandi and then I would have to tell her why and I could just hear her response to that: 

 "You don't trust me? You honestly think I could do that to you? What do you take me for anyway?" 

 Sandi called at four and I heard Maxi tell her that she would be ready to go by six. When Maxi made no effort to shower and change clothes I began to think she had changed her mind about going out with Sandi, but then I remembered that they wore the same sizes and were always swapping outfits. Leaving dressed as she was was probably supposed to keep me from becoming suspicious and I would have bought it if I had not heard the conversation. 

 At six Maxi kissed me on the cheek and went next door to Sandi's. Before she left she told me that dinner was in the microwave, "Just punch in ten minutes and it will be ready." 

 As soon as she was gone I ran upstairs and checked the medicine cabinet - her diaphragm was gone! I ran down stairs and went out the back door, climbed the back fence, and went to where I had moved my car earlier that day. I was parked down the block when Sandi's garage door opened and her car drove out. I followed the car across town and saw it pull into the parking lot of one of the local lounges. Sandi and Maxi got out and I could see that both of them were in short skirts and high heels and at that point there was no doubt in my mind what was going to happen that night and I was powerless to stop it. Oh, I could have gotten out of the car and confronted them, but that would have driven a wedge between Maxi and me every bit as big as the one that her being unfaithful would. My only hope was that she wouldn't go through with it and that she would come home to me with nothing worse having happened than some harmless kissing and necking. All I could do was go home and wait. 

 ++++++++++++++++++ 

 It was a long and hard night for me. I tried to read a book, but I couldn't concentrate on it; the image of Maxi on her hands and knees taking a big cock from behind jumped off the pages at me. I went down to the basement and tried to work on the cabinet that I had been making and as I cut the joints to fit the drawers together and fitted the pieces I thought about how the big cock was fitting into Maxi. I gave up on the woodworking project and went upstairs to watch TV. It seemed like every channel I selected had a scantily clad, big busted young lady in some humorous sexual situation or other. I finally gave up all pretense of trying to occupy my mind with other thoughts because thoughts of Maxi and big cocks always superimposed themselves on whatever I was thinking. 

 I headed for bed, but ended up staring at the ceiling and seeing Maxi there, like she was on a big screen TV, and always there was a big dick there with her. I finally fell into a fitful sleep in which I dreamt that Maxi was inside a circle of guys with big cocks and she was touching each one while going, "Eeny, meeny, miney moe. Which one will get in this ho?" I jerked awake and found my right hand wrapped around my erect cock. 

 I broke into a cold sweat as the meaning of the dream and my erection hit me - I was turned on by the thoughts of Maxi and her large dicked male friend. Did this mean I wanted her to take on a big cock? Or was it just that the thought that other men wanted her made her more desirable to me? Once again I fell asleep and once again I dreamed of Maxi with a large cock sliding into her and once again I awoke to find that I was gripping my erection. This time however, I closed my eyes and imagined Maxi sucking the cock of a male stripper and in less than a minute my cock erupted. I got out of bed and went to the bathroom to clean myself up and as I looked into the bathroom mirror I saw Maxi looking back at me. She was with three guys and they all had huge cocks and Maxi asked me, "Which one do you want to see fuck me?" I splashed water on my face and went back to bed. I tossed and turned as image after image of Maxi being fucked by other men raced through my mind; Maxi with a big cock in her mouth, Maxi with a big cock in her pussy, Maxi with a big cock sliding into her tight asshole, and Maxi with a cock in all three holes and one in each hand. I finally fell asleep. 

 ++++++++++++++++++++ 

 The slamming of a car door woke me up. I glance at the bedside clock and saw that it was two o'clock in the morning and as I waited for Maxi to come up I glanced at my dick and saw that it was hard as a rock. Would Maxi have any hickeys or love bites on her. Would she have gone to Sandi's and cleaned herself up, or would she come to me freshly fucked and full of another man's cum? There was no doubt in my mind that I was going to fuck her as soon as she got in the bed. Would I be able to tell I wasn't the first one in her tonight? What would happen when she saw my face as I slid into her and realized that I knew? 

 I had the light on when Maxi came into the room and I saw that she was dressed in the same sweatshirt and jeans she had been wearing when she left and just looking at her told me nothing. She was surprised to see me up and waiting for her and she asked me why. I told her, quite truthfully, that I had been thinking of her all night and that I was horny as hell and I moved out from beneath the covers so she could see my erection. She smiled and said, "Good. I've been thinking the same thought," and she began to undress. I watched carefully, but saw no sign that she had been fucked by anyone else that night. No hickeys, no stains in her underpants, nothing. She climbed into bed and I began with our usual foreplay. We swapped tongues for a while and then I began kissing my way down her body. Surely, I thought, if she's had some one else tonight she will stop me before I get to her pussy, but as I licked her navel she spread her legs in anticipation of my tongue parting her pussy lips. As my tongue searched for the little man in the boat my nose was in Maxi's bush and I inhaled, but the smell was no different from any other time I'd eaten her pussy. Was it possible that even though she'd dressed up and gone out with Sandi that she hadn't taken on Tony's buddy? I concentrated my efforts on Maxi's clitoris and she pushed herself up at my mouth. There! That little bit of flavor, was it another man's juices? Had she showered and douched at Sandi's and missed that little bit? Or was it just my imagination working overtime. I pushed my tongue inside of her as far as I could get it, looking for the evidence of her unfaithfulness, but I found nothing that could convince me one way or the other - and I was disappointed! 

 At some point, between hearing the conversation that morning and Maxi's walking into the bedroom, I had gone from one extreme to the other - from jealousy and anger over her possible unfaithfulness, to wanting to eat her pussy and fuck her after she had been taken by another man. The sudden letdown did not, however, make it down to my cock. I pulled my mouth away from Maxi's pussy and I mounted her. She gave a cry when I drove into her with one hard push instead of working my way into her slowly, a little at a time as I usually did. There was no slow, soft lovemaking, just the fast, hard fuck of a man driven to get his nuts off. I pounded into Maxi as pictures of her being fucked by some guy with a huge cock flashed through my head. I've no idea how many orgasms Maxi had during that frenzied fuck, but from the claw marks on my back and ass cheeks I'd have to say that it was more that a few. When I finally blew my load it was the most intense orgasm I'd ever had. After I collapsed on the bed next to Maxi and she'd caught her breath, she said; 

 "That was awesome baby. You've not been that demanding in all the time we have been together. What happened to set you off? I want to know so I can make it happen again." 

 I don't know why, but I felt the need to tell Maxi the truth, or part of it. 

 "I know this will sound sick and perverted to you, but for some time now I've had fantasies about fucking you right after you have given yourself to some big cocked guy. I laid in bed all night imaging that you were out running around with Sandi and getting fucked by some stud with the cock of a horse and how I'd eat his cum out of your pussy when you got home and then take sloppy seconds." 

 Maxi sat up in bed and looked at me, "Are you serious? The thought of me fucking other guys with big cocks turns you on?" 

 I nodded a yes. 

 "And you want to eat me while their cum is still in me?" 

 Again I nodded yes. 

 "A big cock huh?" 

 Again the nod. 

 "One about eleven inches long and as big around as your wrist? One that shoots out cum like a fire hose, that stretches my pussy to the limits?" 

 "Yes" I croaked out, "Just like that." 

 Maxi gave me a big smile as she reached for my stiffening cock and suddenly I knew ...or did I? Report_Story 