#1 

 

 ****** The Slut Sisters ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© The call came at 2a.m. and I reached over and picked up the phone, "Hello?" 

 "Paul, this is Lisa. I need your help." 

 I shook my head to clear it, "Lisa, do you have any idea of what time it is?" 

 "Paul, look at the other side of your bed and tell me what you see." 

 I took the phone away from my ear and looked at the other side of the bed. What I didn't see was my wife Jane. "Lisa, what's this all about?" 

 "Jane is in trouble Paul, and I need your help in getting her out. Get dressed and meet me at 223 Morningside Lane as soon as you can get there." 

 Lisa gave my directions and then she hung up. As I dressed I wondered what the hell was going on. Jane had gone to a baby shower for one of the girls that she and her sister Lisa had gone to school with and she should have been home at least three hours ago. 

 I pulled up behind Lisa's Chevy and she got out and walked back and got in the car with me. 

 "What's this all about?" I asked, "Where's Jane? What kind of trouble is she in?" 

 Lisa pointed at a house and said, "She's in there. A bunch of us left the baby shower and went to the Aladdin to have a few drinks. It was audition night and a couple of local bands were there trying out and so we had a couple of drinks and some guys asked us to dance. There were some other people there that we knew so we circulated around and socialized and after about two hours I figured it was time to leave and I went looking for Jane. I checked the rest rooms, all the booths and tables and even the parking lot, but I couldn't find her anywhere. I went and asked the bartender if he'd seen her and he said if she was a blonde with big tits a couple of guys had hustled her out the door about fifteen minutes ago. I asked him if he knew who they were, but he said he only knew the names of three of the guys." 

 "Guys?" I interrupted. 

 "Yes. The bartender said that there were four or five of them. Anyway, he gave me the names of the ones he knew and I looked them up in the phone book. There was no one home at the first two addresses and so I came over here. The lights were on and I looked in a side window and I saw some guys playing poker and I recognized two of them from the bar. I didn't see Jane, but I know she's in there. I could see the stairway and I saw a guy coming down the stairs pulling his clothes on." 

 I looked at her, "What are you saying? What kind of trouble is Jane in?" 

 Lisa gave me the look you would give someone who just said something that proved they were brain dead and said: 

 "Duh! What the hell kind of trouble could a good looking blonde with big tits be in when a bunch of guys get her drunk and hustle her out of a bar and take her to a house with nothing but guys in it?" 

 "Sorry," I said, " I must not be fully awake yet." 

 I gathered my thoughts and then said, "Okay. Here's what we are going to do. I'm going inside and if I'm not back out with Jane in ten minutes, you call the cops." 

 The front door was open and I walked in like I belonged there. One of the guys at the table looked up at me and then went back to his cards. I went up the stairs and heard noises to my left and I headed that way. I came to an open doorway and looked in at a scene from a pornographic movie. The woman was Jane and while they might have gotten her drunk to get her here, there was nothing drunken about the way she was behaving. She was naked and one man was between her legs pounding away at her pussy while she clutched him to her with her arms and legs. Another man was lying where his cock was at face level and she had her lips firmly locked on him while he fucked her mouth. A third man stood next to the bed stroking himself with one hand while paying with Jane's tits with the other. The guy fucking Jane gave a grunt and then held himself still in her for a moment and then he pulled free. I could see cum dripping from the head of his dick and falling on Jane's thighs as he backed away from her. The guy who had been playing with her tits immediately took his place between Jane's legs and her legs came up and locked behind his. I had to move aside to let the man who had just finished get through the doorway. He saw me staring at what was just going on and said: 

 "She's really something, isn't she? It took a while to get her going, but it's non-stop now. I'll be ready again in an hour and I'll bet she will still be going strong." 

 I knew Jane loved sex because she was always after me and even after seven years of marriage we were still getting it on six and seven times a week, but watching her with these guys - she was awesome. I came into the house fully expecting to have to fight my way out, but now all I wanted to do was watch Jane and see just what it did take to actually satisfy her. The guy fucking Jane said: 

 "Let's turn her over. I want to fuck her from behind." 

 The man in her mouth pulled out and I stepped back out of sight so Jane wouldn't see me as she changed positions. When I stepped back into the doorway Jane had her head in the lap of one guy and the other guy was fucking her from behind. She was on her hands and knees and her 38C's were swinging back and forth as the man fucked her hard and fast. I couldn't tell if he was pushing Jane's mouth onto the cock in front of her or the man in front was fucking her face - there was just too much movement for me to tell. 

 A guy came up behind me and asked if I was next and when I shook my head no he pushed past me and started to undress. I had my cock out and was stroking it when I heard a female voice behind me say: 

 "Oh Jesus." 

 And I turned and saw Lisa standing there - I had forgotten all about her. She was staring trance-like at her sister being pushed back and forth between the two men. The man whose cock was in Jane's mouth suddenly said, "Here it comes honey" and he grabbed the back of her head and held her in place while he emptied himself. He got up from the bed and the man who had just undressed moved into place on the bed and Jane's mouth went straight for his cock. Another man pushed past me and Lisa and went into the room and it kind of jarred Lisa out of her trance: 

 "Oh my God, I've never seen anything like it." 

 She looked down and saw my cock in my hand and she reached over and put her own hand on it. Lisa stroked me while she watched her sister being soundly fucked and then she looked up at my face and then she turned and began pulling me down the hall. She opened the first door she came to and it was another bedroom. Lisa pulled me inside and letting go of my cock she lifted her skirt and pulled off her panties. She lay down on the bed and looked up at me: 

 "Don't talk! Don't say anything, just fuck me. Please Paul, fuck me." 

 Looking at Lisa lying there on the bed, skirt up around her waist, I forgot all about what was happening to Jane down the hall. Lisa was very wet and I slid right in. Her legs came up and locked behind mine and she started moaning: 

 "Fuck me, oh Jesus please fuck me." 

 I was so charged up from what I'd seen happening and from the look of absolute lust on Lisa's face that I only lasted about three minutes which wasn't near enough for Lisa and she cried: 

 "No, please no, not yet, don't stop, not yet, don't stop." 

 A voice from behind me said, "I'm next!" 

 I turned and there were two guys standing there. I was just on the verge of telling them to piss off when Lisa moaned, "Please Paul, don't stop them. I need it, I need it bad" and I stepped out of the way. As the man mounted Lisa I turned to go back to the room where Jane was, but Lisa cried out: 

 "Don't leave me Paul, please don't leave me." 

 I stayed and watched Lisa while five guys took turns on her. When they rolled her over and got her on her hands and knees with one cock in her mouth and one fucking her from behind I left and went back down to the room where Jane was and when I got there what I saw blew me away. There was one man leaning against the headboard and he had his cock in Jane's mouth. She was on top of another man and he was pushing his dick up into her, but what really got me was the third man; he was slowly pushing his cock into Jane's ass and she wasn't screaming at him to stop. 

 I wandered back and forth between the two rooms watching and waiting for an opening and finally Jane was down to one man. He was lying on his back and she was sucking his cock and I moved in behind her and slid my cock into her cum filled asshole. She took her mouth off the man she was sucking long enough to say, "Oh yes, oh yes, that feels good" and then she went back to sucking cock. I never realized how erotic it would be to slide my cock into a cum filled hole. It took me ten minutes to get off and when I pulled away another guy immediately took my place. 

 I looked at my watch and was surprised to find that it was almost five-thirty. I had been there for almost three hours and in all that time Jane had never been without a cock in at least one of her holes and she was still going strong. I wandered down the hall to check on Lisa and found her busy with two guys. I pulled up a chair and sat down to watch and I thought about what was happening and what the future would bring. Would Jane ever be satisfied with just me from now on, or would she want to do this again and again. I knew I got off on watching her, but how would that play out in the future? Would she even want me to watch her if she did this again? What about my new relationship with Lisa? Would what happened on this night make things awkward between us? 

 The man fucking her finished and there was no one waiting so I took my fresh hard on over to her and mounted her. I looked down into her eyes as I slowly fucked her and asked: 

 "Are you okay?" 

 "God yes Paul. I don't know what came over me tonight, but I have never been so sexually fulfilled. I never knew I could be such a slut and love it." Her legs came up and wrapped around me and she moaned, "Fuck me Paul, fuck me like the slut that I am." 

 It was my third time of the evening and it seemed to take me forever to cum, but finally I did and when I pulled out there was no one to take my place. "I'm going on home" I told Lisa, "And when they are done with Jane you bring her home. I don't want her to know that I saw what happened here tonight. Work out whatever story you want, but tonight will never be mentioned unless she wants to bring it up, okay?" Lisa nodded a yes and I left. 

 +++++++++++++++++++++++ 

 I woke up thinking I was having a wet dream, but when I opened my eyes I found a naked Lisa sucking my cock. I glanced at the bedside clock and saw it was almost two in the afternoon. Lisa had me hard so she swung over me and lowered herself down on my erection. She was so wet and sloppy that I didn't think I was touching the sides of her pussy. 

 "We just got home," she said, "And I put her to bed in the spare bedroom. They weren't even close to being done with us when you left. Jane and I are now known as The Slut Sisters and the guys want to know when we can do it again." 

 "What did you tell them?" 

 "She smiled and said, "I told them whenever they want. That's okay with you, isn't it? I mean, I wasn't imaging the way you got turned on watching, was I?" 

 "Just you, or you and Jane?" I asked. 

 "They want us both, but even though Jane said she loved it and she would like to do it again, she doesn't know if she can." 

 "Care to explain?" I asked. 

 Lisa said, "She isn't going to hide what happened from you. She is going to confess, beg forgiveness and then tell you that she loved doing it and wants to do it again." 

 I started to say something and Lisa put her hand over my mouth: 

 "Just shut up and fuck your slutty sister- in- law. We can talk later." Report_Story 