#1 

 

 ****** The Pregnant Slut ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© I have been after Janet for years to fuck someone else while I watched and without much luck - until one Friday last year. She came to me and said she would do it, but by then I was having doubts. 

 It started three years ago. We had just gotten home from a party that had been held by Janet's best friend Meg. Meg is a sweetheart, but she is also pure slut. Janet and I had been drinking and as we fell into bed Janet said, "I want to do something perverted tonight." 

 I said, "And that would be?" 

 Janet said, "I want you to fuck me in my ass." 

 Well, that was something I'd never done before; to be honest about it, I'd never even thought about doing it there. I asked her if she was sure and she said yes, "Meg told me that she does it all the time and she loves it, and she is sure that I will too." 

 So I screwed my wife in the ass for the first time and Meg had been right, Janet had loved it. When I was through Janet asked me if I had any perverted ideas that I might have been keeping to myself and I told her of my fantasy of seeing her do another man while I watched. She gave me a queer look and said, "You really mean that? You want to see me fuck someone else?" and I nodded my head yes. She was quiet for a few moments and then she said, "Funny, that's the last thing I would have expected you to say. You're serious, not kidding around?" I said that yes indeed I was serious. 

 "How do you see it happening? You just going to bring someone home, or do I dress up like a slut and go out and get somebody? You going to be in the closet, or just walking around the bed watching?" I told her that I didn't know, I hadn't thought about it past imagining it." 

 She gave me a half grin and said, "I suppose I could go and ask Meg how to go about it, but she would probably want to watch too." From the way the conversation was going I thought that she just might do it and then she dashed my hopes, "I don't think I could do that. No, that's not something that I could do." She paused for a moment and then she said," But I will think about it. I'm not ready yet, but some day I may be." 

 Since she gave me hope, I would bring the subject up every couple of months, but she always said that she didn't think she was ready for something like that. And then, after three years of being told, "No, I don't think so" Janet came to me, after another party at Meg's, and asked me if I still had the fantasy of seeing her with another man. I said that I did and Janet nervously said, "I'm ready to do it." 

 I was stunned. Why, after all these years, was she ready for another man's cock? The only thing I could think of was that something must have happened at Meg's party to make her want to do it. I was in turmoil - what I had wanted to happen was ready to happen, but did I really want it to happen now? You see, Janet was eight months pregnant! What would make a woman, only a month away from having a baby, want to have her first extramarital affair? 

 "Of course I still have the fantasy, but I am curious as to why now?" 

 At the party, one of Meg's ex-boyfriends had been hovering around Janet most of the evening. He had danced with her several times and toward the end of the evening Janet had gone out onto the patio for a breath of fresh air and Marc had followed. Janet, who is a pretty smart lady and who can be pretty straight forward at times, asked Marc point blank why he was spending so much time on a pregnant married woman when there were so many sexy single women at the party. 

 Marc had said, "You are the sexiest woman here tonight and I can't take my eyes off of you." 

 Janet had laughed and had said, "You can't be serious!" 

 Impulsively, Marc had grabbed her hand and placed it on his erection and then he had leaned forward and kissed her. At first she had been so shocked by his actions that she had just stood there, and then, for reasons that she still didn't understand, she had responded to his kiss. He slipped her a little tongue and she gave him some back and then she had been surprised to notice that she still had her hand on his erection. His cock twitched under her hand and as Marc had continued the kiss she began to rub it. His hands were on her tits and she began to feel the heat between her legs, and then his cock was out of his pants and she was stroking it. He lifted her skirt and she felt his fingers touch her mound. She was in the process of spreading her legs to give him better access when they heard the patio door start to open. They pulled apart and Marc turned away and tucked his cock back into his pants. 

 Meg walked up to them, "There you are. I hadn't seen you for a while and I just wanted to make sure you were all right." 

 Marc excused himself and went back into the house and as soon as the door closed behind him Meg had said, "It's about time you let your hair down. He does have a nice sized cock and he is pretty good in bed." 

 Janet had protested, "I don't know what you're talking about." 

 Meg had laughed, "Girlfriend, I watched the both of you for a couple of minutes before I came out here. If I had waited thirty seconds more you would have been on your knees sucking his cock." 

 "And she was right" Janet said, "I probably would have been." 

 "So what are you going to do?" I asked. 

 Janet had looked me in the eye and had said, "I'm going to fuck him. Meg said she would set it up for me. She is going to invite him over and then I will stop by for a cup of coffee. She will remember something that she has to do and she will leave us alone and let nature take its course." 

 I wasn't at all keen on that idea and I said so. "How does that fulfill my fantasy - you fuck him and I don't get to watch!" 

 Janet said, "Don't get mad at me honey, but I told Meg about your fantasy and she said it would be no problem. She will let me know what time Marc is going to be there and you can arrange to get there a few minutes earlier and hide in her closet." 

 I thought about it and then said, "Okay. When?" 

 "Can we do it tomorrow?" Janet asked. 

 The next day when I arrived at Meg's she gave me a big smile and said, "You surprise me baby, I always thought that you were a straight arrow - a regular old stick in the mud." 

 She led me upstairs to the bedroom and told me I could sit there and beat my meat in anticipation, but when I heard her say "I won't be long" and then the front door slam I should get into the closet. Five minutes later Marc arrived and five minutes after that Janet rang the doorbell. Another ten minutes and I heard the signal and I got off the bed and moved to the closet. Less than a minute later the closet door opened and Meg was there. 

 "Move over baby, I wouldn't miss this for the world." 

 Now Meg is a fun loving lady and even though she is very attractive, sexy even, and I like her company, I have never been physically attracted to her. I suppose it was because she was such a slut, and she was right about me being a straight arrow and a stick in the mud (I know, I know, how can that be if I'm willing to watch my wife fuck another man. Don't ask cause I don't know), but during the fifteen or so minutes that we waited for Janet and Marc to appear, the sheer physical presence of Meg got to me and I developed a hardon. As we wiggled around trying to get comfortable my cock kept poking her and finally Meg said, "This is ridiculous. Here, let's get that out of the way." 

 She pulled down my zipper, pulled out my dick and started to give me a hand job. After a minute or so she bent over and took me in her mouth and started to suck on me. After another minute or so she stopped and looked up at me, "I don't know how this will sit with Jan" she said, "Let's just keep this as our little secret, okay? This, and my being here watching?" 

 What was I supposed to say to that? My cock was in her hand and twitching - I'd have agreed to anything right then. Meg took me back in her mouth and it took her about three minutes to get me off and when she had licked me clean and tucked me back into my pants, she gave my cock a little pat and said, "There, that should hold you." 

 About two minutes later Marc and Janet came into the room and began undressing each other. When they were both naked Janet pushed Marc back onto the bed and knelt between his legs. Her mouth engulfed his cock and the sight made my cock immediately hard. Watching her was proving to be every bit as exciting as I had thought it would be. I watched, acutely aware of Meg's ass pushing back against my cock, as Janet caressed Marc's balls and sucked his cock. Marc was playing with her tits, but after several minutes his hands went to the back of her head; her held her steady as he made several quick pumping movements and then I saw Janet swallowing as traces of cum leaked out of her mouth where it surrounded Marc's cock. 

 Marc removed himself from her and bent down and kissed her. Moving her to the bed he spread her legs, knelt between them and started to eat her pussy. Janet loves to be eaten and she started to moan, a low series of "uh, uh, uhs" and then she pushed her mound up at him and gave a little cry as she had an orgasm. Marc gripped her hips and pulled her tight against his mouth and kept working on her. Janet's moans got louder, her body started to shake and she had a second orgasm. I felt Meg pushing her ass back at me and as Janet climbed up onto the bed and got on her hands and knees Meg pulled her skirt up over her waist and suddenly I knew what was expected of me. I took out my dick and pulled the crotch band of her panties aside as she turned to me and whispered, "Put it in me, but don't fuck me. I'm a screamer and we'd get caught for sure." 

 

 She bent forward a little and I could not believe how easy I slipped in. On the bed Marc had moved in behind Janet and I heard her say, "Easy lover, go easy with me" as Marc started to push into her. Three or four short strokes and he was buried in her to the hilt and then he slowly started to fuck her. He took his time and was gentle with her, but Janet moaned, "Not that easy baby, harder, fuck me harder" and Marc picked up the tempo. In less that a minute Janet had her third orgasm and then another three or four minutes later. Shortly thereafter Marc told her he was going to come and asked her where she wanted it. 

 "In me honey, plant it deep inside me." 

 By now Meg was ignoring her admonition to me to not fuck her and she was sliding back and forth on my cock. I saw her grab the arm of a coat and bite down on it just before I felt her have an orgasm. Her cunt muscles spasmed and it felt like she had a hand inside her cunt that was milking my cock and I exploded inside her. On the bed Janet and Marc were lying beside each other and Janet was fondling Marc's limp dick, "Will you still want me after I've had my baby, or is it just that it's kinky to fuck the pregnant married lady?" 

 Marc said he would take whatever he could from her whenever he could get it, pregnant, married, or not. Janet Said, "Well, you can only fuck me for a few more days and then I'll have to stop until after the baby comes. But I'll be glad to suck your cock anytime you want me to until the doctor says its safe for me to have sex again and then I can be your slut, okay?" 

 Marc got a smile on his face and said he'd like that. While they talked Janet kept fondling him and eventually he got hard again. Their second fuck was slow and leisurely and lasted for about ten minutes after which the two of them dressed and left the room. Meg opened the closet door, "I'll go over to the guest room and while you're getting sloppy seconds from your brand new slut I'll sneak down stairs. First though, I'd better get me off you" and she bent over and licked her juices off my cock. 

 Janet came back into the room about five minutes later and found me sitting naked on the bed stroking my cock. She knelt between my legs, took hold of my cock and started sucking it. She stopped for a moment and said, "Was I slutty enough for you?" I nodded my head yes and she said, "I told him I would fuck him after I have the baby. I even told him I would suck his cock anytime he wanted me to. Is that slutty enough?" 

 "Just get up on the bed" I croaked, "It's my turn now, you sexy whore" and I slipped my hard cock into the sloppy mess that Marc had left. 

 There have been some major changes in Janet since that night. She continued to see Marc and suck his cock until the baby was born, and after she was cleared to have sex again she started fucking him two or three times a week - sometimes with me watching and sometimes not. She finally dumped him when he started getting too possessive. While Janet was still pregnant Meg talked her into sucking off another one of her friends and by the time Janet delivered she was sucking off five guys on a regular basis. After the baby came Meg started setting Janet up with other guys and now Janet is as big a slut (if not bigger) as Meg ever was. She and Meg go out two or three times a week and pick up guys to bring home and fuck. Again, sometimes I watch and sometimes I don't. And yes, Meg and I still get it on from time to time, but she won't let me tell Janet about it because she is afraid Janet might get mad at her. When I first brought up my fantasy to Janet I had no idea that it would go this far, but I'm still glad it happened. I have no idea where things will go from here, all I know is that I can never get enough of hearing Janet say to another man, "Put your hard cock in me baby. Fuck me baby, fuck me hard." Report_Story 