#1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 01 ****** byCathartico© This is my first ever written story and I'm not a native English speaker. So I hope you may forgive some wrong use of punctuation, etc. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. 

 Epilogue 

 It was a warm spring day in the end of April. From time to time a stiff breeze waved through the air but guys already welcomed the warm season by hauling their open-topped cars out of the garage and girls by dressing in miniskirts and short tops. 

 Walter McMillen was driving home from his job. He worked in a warehouse in the industrial park of town. This area wasn't what it used to be in the old days. Most of the stores had shut down and the warehouses were mostly disused and run down. 

 He had to stop on a red traffic light right across a warehouse he had worked in some years ago. But now it was shut down too. In front of it, a woman caught his eye. She was obviously a hooker wearing an extremely short red leather miniskirt slit up at the side, black platform high heels and a black boob tube without any straps that was only held up by her breasts. These breasts made his jaw drop. They were at least D cups, and he had never seen a hooker with such great looking tits. She had long dark almost auburn red jet hair that flowed down her shoulders. She leaned against the warehouse wall with one foot pushed back against it in a most notorious hooker-fashion and smoked a cigarette drawing on it with her luscious red lips. The cig was held by her long fingers with black polished nails. Although she was dressed like a cheap hooker, she didn't seem to fit into the scene. With the smoke waving in front of her face, she appeared more like a dancer in a cabaret back in the 1930s - wicked but untouchable. 

 Suddenly, a police car drove into the dark alley next to where the hooker was standing and came to a halt. Walter's first reaction was to drive away as fast as possible. He didn't want to get into trouble with any cops but the traffic light was still red. 

 The hooker threw the cigarette onto the ground and started slowly walking to the police car. Meanwhile, the door of the car opened and a middle aged cop appeared. He looked exactly like anybody imagined your small town cop with a large beer belly and a hard looking face sweating profusely under the warm spring sun. Walter could very well imagine how badly he smelled of body odour and cigarettes. 

 When the big titted hooker had almost reached him, she suddenly fell onto her hands and knees crawling the last few yards over the dirty concrete until she stopped right in front of the cop. 

 "What do you want, whore?" he asked harshly. 

 "Please sir, may this filthy ho service you?" she asked looking up at him. 

 Without warning, he grabbed her hair with his left hand and her cheeks with his other hand. He pushed her cheeks together hard until she was forced to open her mouth. When she did so, he spat a big white glob of saliva right into it. 

 "Gulp it down, whore! That's all your good for, eating spit and cum," he hissed at her. 

 He roughly pulled her top down over her tits and began mauling her left plump melon with his free hand while still holding her hair. He squeezed the flesh at the base pretty hard making her grunt. Only, Walter couldn't tell if the impression on the hooker's face was one of discomfort or pleasure. 

 After mauling both her tits several minutes, he pinched her nipple hard making her wince. 

 "Suck my dick!" he spat at her. 

 While the cop still pinched her nipple, the street walker started opening his zipper. She pulled his trousers down while her tits hung heavily and plump down from her chest. She freed his rapidly hardening cock that looked to be at least seven inches long and was surrounded by a thick matt of wiry, black pubic hair. 

 Walter couldn't believe what he was seeing next as the cop sat down on the driver seat with his legs out of the car pulling out a sandwich and starting to eat it. 

 Meanwhile, the hooker lowered her bright red lips and started kissing the blood engorged head of his dick. Her tongue licked around its rim and then travelled down its entire length to his balls. The cheap whore opened her mouth wide before pushing her lips fully over the cock. Her head started bobbing up and down the top four or five inches of his blood filled member. 

 All the while, the cop was munching on his sandwich. Then he grabbed her hair again wrapping it around his free hand. With this vice grip, he started pushing her head further down his cock. He didn't stop when his shaft reached the entrance to her throat instead forcefully pushing on until her lips were pressed against his balls and her nose deep in his pubic hair. Having the cock forcefully shoved down her throat in one swift motion made the hooker gag loudly. She pressed both her hands against his thighs trying to get her head up and off the dick. But the cop gave her no chance holding her down for what seemed like hours to Walter. The street whore began gagging repeatedly her eyes watering. Her black mascara started smearing and running down her cheeks. 

 All this time, the cop went on eating his sandwich as if nothing was happening. Salad dressing gathered in the corner of his mouth and some of it even dropped from the sandwich right onto the hooker's red hair. After he had enough, the police man pushed her head up again giving her just enough time to draw in a deep breath. 

 "Come on whore, no hands, let me fuck your face like it was a cunt!" 

 The hooker only nodded limply before he rammed her moist mouth back down his rigid thick shaft. He started pumping her head up and down his cock in a rapid pace always ramming it as far down as possible. Her fat fucktits started whipping rhythmically. Before long, loud gagging noises started emitting from her struggling mouth. Saliva started running out of her mouth in streams totally bathing his straining member. After several minutes of this face fucking, he was finally ready to cum. 

 "Open your mouth, cheap whore! Get ready for your daily meal!" 

 While the hooker gasped for a breath, a big wad of cum burst from his cock right into her open mouth. She almost choked on it and wasn't able to keep it all inside as some of it dribbled down her chin. 

 "Swallow!" the cop ordered and she obeyed gulping the entire load down. 

 Walter McMillen shook his head. 

 "The cops aren't what they used to be anymore either," he said to himself before getting his car back into gear. But before he drove off, he had the strange feeling that the still kneeling whore looked over to him with a wicked grin on her face. 

 Driving home to his wife and his two kids waiting with dinner for him, he couldn't stop thinking about this big titted hooker that seemed to be at the bottom of all whores. And he asked himself how this could have happened to such a ravishing looking young woman. 

 

 

 Chapter 01 

 Two years ago, Vanessa Laren had been a 25 year old young woman living together with her boyfriend Mark in a small apartment. It was all they were able to afford as they were both unemployed. She had just finished her apprenticeship as secretary but her company hadn't offered her a subsequent job. Unfortunately, her marks hadn't been very high, her arrogant attitude standing in the way of getting along well with her boss. Until now, she hadn't received a single answer to any of the job applications she had sent away. 

 Mark, being of the same age as herself, didn't have a better prospective of getting a job either as he hadn't finished his apprenticeship after almost getting into a fist fight with his boss. Nowadays, he was hanging out with his pals most of the time drinking beer and watching sports on TV. 

 This was not the life she had always imagined for herself. She wanted to be the one taken care of. She wanted a husband that brought home the money and loved her for spending it to look good for him. 

 At the moment, money was always a problem and the two got into a lot of fights concerning this issue. Although they were both unemployed, Vanessa still spent lots of cash - actually more than they even had. She blew a lot of it for her body care going to the tanning salon for a nice tan and having her nails manicured once a week. She thought that a special body needed to be treated specially. And special was exactly the way she looked. Most people would say she was a stunning beauty standing 5'6" tall with a trim figure and an incredibly tight ass weighing around 115 lbs. Her straight jet dark red hair flowed over her shoulders almost reaching her waist becoming wavy at the end and her attitude matched the one everybody told about red heads. She used to accentuate her green eyes with black mascara and liner. This gave her the look of a vamp mesmerizing every man. Still, the most striking parts of her body were her 36DD breasts, perfectly formed mounds of flesh that - despite their size - were not hanging down as one would expect but standing firm and proud. They provokingly pointed upwards from her chest as if begging to be cupped by men's hands. Sometimes, jealous girls commented on them as looking fake and every time she almost got into fights with them declaring her bust to be as natural as possible. In reality, she had gotten them enhanced when she worked as a Go-Go dancer some years ago. But she would never tell anybody about that little secret of hers. 

 Vanessa was used to men looking after her and enjoyed the attention she was getting. She loved dressing up wearing either short skirts, nylons and high heels or skin tight jeans with high heeled boots. She always wore tops showing off her bellybutton. Moreover, she loved accessories gracing her body with golden bangles around each arm, a golden waistband and a piercing in her bellybutton. Walking through town, feeling men gazing after her with their wives standing next to them, always gave her a good feeling letting her know how beautiful she was. She knew that every man was yearning to touch her but no one would be able to conquer her. She was very picky with men - especially their outer appearance. A lot of woman that knew her, described her as an arrogant bitch that knew about her impression on men and that exploited this power to the last. 

 Due to her high demands, they already had a minus on their bank account and Vanessa had just quit a temporary job as waitress in a trucker restaurant near the highway. She hadn't liked serving people from the minute she had walked inside. She always considered herself to be the one getting served, not the one serving others. 

 Because of the urgent need for money, Vanessa had applied for a job as secretary in a law office although she assessed the prospects of getting the job to be very small. 

 After waiting several weeks for an answer, her hopes of working as a secretary were down again and she didn't have a lot of alternatives than going back to the trucker restaurant and asking her former job back. This would be the most degrading thing she could imagine but there was no choice left. 

 It seemed like a wonder when she was invited for a job interview the next month. She tried to dress handsome but still respectable wearing a blouse, miniskirt and blazer. She pinned her hair up to give her a more business-like appearance but still tried looking sexy with a fresh French manicure and dark red lipstick. 

 The law office was inside an old building awakening an aura of power, making her legs wobbly when she stood in front of it. After having to wait 15 minutes, she was called into a huge office. Three men were sitting behind an awe striking mahogany desk. In the middle sat a man in his late 40s with hair and temples beginning to turn grey. He introduced himself as Mr. Stanton, chief partner. From head to toe, his features were radiating authority intimidating Vanessa. For the first time in her life, she lost her voice only being able to stutter her name. To his left side sat a man in his early 40s with dark hair and cold steely eyes called Mr. Miller. He was looking very sporty and fit. His cold eyes mustering her stuck in Vanessa's memory from the first second intimidating her even more. To his right side sat a man with a big beer belly and balding hair of the same age called Mr. Erickson. The entire scene made Vanessa very nervous, and she was convinced not a single tone would come over her lips when asked. 

 "So you want to start working for us?" the grey haired Mr. Stanton started talking. "We read your references and we have to say that they do not correspond with our expectations." 

 Vanessa's heart skipped a beat. 

 "Nonetheless, we are giving everyone a chance," the man continued. "We need to know how much you are willing to bring into this firm." 

 Vanessa was puzzled by the man's words. She was applying as secretary so they knew what she could bring in to the job. 

 "This is not only an everyday secretary employment. Our employees have to be especially motivated and willing to work," he said looking up into her eyes. "Is this the case with you?" 

 Vanessa nodded her head fast and told the three men she was eager to work for them even if it meant staying long hours or working irregular times. 

 The man nodded his head and went on saying "We are very sorry. You seem to be a very eager young lady who would fit in very well with our company but your marks aren't meeting our standards." 

 Listening to these words, the world around Vanessa went numb. She saw all her hopes for a better future gone. 

 "So this was it already?" she thought. "Back serving fat old truckers as waitress? No, I won't go there again. I want this job! I need this job!" 

 "Please!" she started to intervene. "I know my marks aren't as good but I'm willing to work twice as hard as any other candidate. I'm willing to work overtime without payment or during weekends. Whatever you want to, I am willing to do." 

 The men were looking at each other nodding until Mr. Miller cleared his throat. 

 "There might be another possibility for you to get the job," he said. "If we are able to write some additional clauses into your contract, we might be willing to offer you the position." 

 Vanessa sighed. She was beyond relief. This was all she had hoped for. She couldn't imagine anything as worse as going back to the trucker restaurant that they could write into her contract. 

 "Our law office has a special motivational system," Mr. Miller started explaining. "One article would define that you are willing to support us executing this system." 

 Vanessa didn't know what they were meaning with this motivational system but it didn't sound too bad. 

 "Our law office has six partners. If one of them is able to close an important deal, he receives a special motivational gift. This gift would be served by you," the man went on. 

 Vanessa started to get suspicious. This sounded more than weird. 

 "What do you mean with gift?" she asked. 

 "You are meant to provide him any pleasure he likes," the beer bellied Mr. Erickson skipped in with a sleazy grin on his face. 

 Vanessa couldn't believe what she was hearing. Providing pleasure - that sounded damn much like sex. They wanted her to have sex with them! 

 She had to make up her mind fast. 

 She could get out of this situation by simply standing up and rushing out of the bureau. If she would stay, the inevitable was about to happen. If she fled, her problems would still stay with her. If she remained here though, they would all be gone. 

 A lascivious smile appeared on her face and her eyes sparkled cockily. She could feel her hands wandering up her blouse even before her mind had decided which way she wanted to go. She started slowly unbuttoning her blouse letting it slip over her shoulders. Now she was sitting almost naked in front of the three men. She spread her legs wide to reveal her thong running her fingers over the thin fabric. Pushing it to the side, she revealed her puffy pink slit. She could see the men almost drooling over the sight they were treated to. 

 "Is this what you want?" she asked teasingly and the men nodded not being able to say anything. 

 "Do you think your worthy of such beauty?" she continued and the men simply nodded again. 

 Vanessa let herself drop from the chair sinking to her knees. Then she crawled up to the men. Stopping in front of Stanton, she moved between his legs and licked over the bulge that formed in his trousers. He was already hard and seemed pretty big. She opened the zipper with her teeth and fondled his straining member out. Looking deeply into his eyes, she started kissing its engorged head running her tongue over the entire shaft. 

 Suddenly she rose up. Her heart was thumping in her chest. She wasn't in the bureau. She was in her bedroom Mark lying next to her. It had been a dream, just a dream, a dream of making herself a whore. With a shudder, she remembered the job interview in the morning. She could still hear Erickson's words "You are meant to provide him any pleasure he likes" ringing in her ears. It had disgusted her. 

 "I'm not a whore!" she had blurted out, her temper getting the better of her. "Who do you think you are? I'm not some dirty slut desperate for your alms." 

 She had jumped up from her seat and ran out of the large room. She had been so furious she had almost slapped them right in their faces. 

 But why had she dreamt of this now? And why were her fingers in her crotch? 

 With a chill, she realized that her hand had been rubbing her clit during the dream. She was aroused and could feel her moistness on her fingers. Still, her heart thumbed from excitement. 

 How could this be? She would never do something like that. She was a good girl. But why did the imagination excite her then? 

 The next day, Vanessa was in the mall shopping out of frustration. But with her current financial situation, she was not able to purchase any of the fancy dresses she wanted to. 

 Out of the blue, she met her old friend Maria Allen inside one of the shops. 

 The two had been best friends a couple of years ago always going on the prowl together. They both had been dancing as Go-Go dancers in the hippest club in town called "The Airport". Vanessa had always been the better looking one of them getting all the attention from every man she laid her eyes on. Maria wasn't bad looking either as she was as tall as Vanessa with a similar trim figure but she had unobtrusive light brown her and only B cup tits. 

 Their ways had separated when Maria had started going to college. As she told Vanessa, she was now working as a marketing expert for a big company earning a lot of money. So now, she was able to buy all the expensive stuff the two had always dreamt of. She was living in a house at the outskirts of town, being able to travel to different countries and buying all designer clothes Vanessa was yearning for. 

 The rest of the day, the two sat down in a café and talked about the last years. Maria seemed to be happy meeting her again - especially now that she was the successful one - and wanted to make another appointment. Vanessa agreed reluctantly. Meeting her former best friend and witnessing that she had become a rich successful bitch, made her sad as her own unpromising situation became even more obvious to herself. 

 She hated the life she was living at the moment. She didn't want to live in the rundown apartment anymore, she didn't want to watch out for her money and most importantly she never wanted to get back to the trucker restaurant as a waitress. 

 Although she tried to repress the upcoming thoughts, her mind unconsciously started wandering back to the job interview over and over again. Thinking about the other way the interview could have gone, excited her. But the next second another part of her mind screamed 

 "You're no whore!" 

 That was what they really wanted her to be. They wanted her to suck and fuck all of them. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 01 ****** byCathartico© Still, the payment they had offered was more than she would ever be able to earn with another job. She didn't want to meet Maria again wearing some cheap dress and perfume. Next time, she wanted to be the one stealing the spotlight again - just like in the old days. 

 These were old guys not looking very good though. She would have never looked at them twice on the street. How could she fuck those ugly guys? It would make her feel so cheap and dirty. And she knew that she would never be able to look straight into Mark's eyes, would she? 

 On the other hand, she had been a wild girl before meeting Mark. While working as a dancer in "The Airport" on weekends, she used to pick a man and get a good fucking. She had always loved how the men couldn't take their eyes off her dancing on stage. She had been able to sense them slowly building up their arousal driving them wild with lust for her. 

 The job wouldn't be that much different, would it? The guys would be older but that meant they would be more practiced and skilful, and this time, she would get paid for it. 

 How often could someone get a special motivational gift - maybe once a month or once a week? That would even bring some new heat into her sex life with Mark, wouldn't it? 

 Mark, he would be the only problem. She really loved him. At least, his life would also get better with the money she would be earning. 

 ... and he never had to know what she was really doing at work. 

 Her thoughts were running wild the entire day, but in the end, she had convinced herself that living a different life was worth it. 

 The next day, Vanessa put on the black miniskirt and blouse she wore for the last interview. She left the blazer at home and opened the upper buttons of her blouse. This time, she stormed right into the boss' office. The three men were sitting at the desk again leaning over some paperwork. Coming to a halt in front of them with her arms crossed just beneath her large globes, she looked determined to the bone. 

 "I want the job and I want to start now!" is all she said fire burning in her green eyes. 

 The men looked up from their papers. 

 "Sorry Mrs. Laren, we already have another candidate. You're too late." 

 That stole the thunder out of her. She had anticipated a lot of answers but not this one. 

 She began stammering "Please, you need to give me this job. I really want it. I'm willing to fulfil all the extra clauses you want to put in." 

 "Do you fully realize what these clauses include?" Mr. Miller asked his steely eyes piercing right into hers. 

 "Yes," she answered. "I'll do it, I'll suck your dicks, I'll let you fuck me." 

 "Sounds like a deal," Mr. Erickson said grinning sleazily again. 

 "Now that an alternative exists, you will understand that we cannot give you the job without a certain test of your abilities," Stanton skipped in. "And you told us you're willing to work twice as hard as any other candidate." 

 Vanessa knew exactly what he meant and said "I'd love to show you what you'd be missing!" 

 Saying these words, she had a certain exuberant twinkle in her green eyes. With one side of her mouth slightly pulled up, she looked arrogantly down on the seated men. She knew she could afford this arrogant attitude as she was used to getting every man she wanted only when she wanted. And she knew they were dying to get their hands on her. Probably, there didn't even exist another candidate. She would give these old bastards the fucking of their lives without even breaking into a sweat, and sooner than a blink with the eye, it would be over. 

 The grey haired Stanton stood up and said "Well, than don't let's waste more time and start your test. But first you have to sign an agreement that nothing about this test will ever be told to someone else." 

 He handed her a paper in which she declared that she participated in any of the law office's tests from her free will and that she will never bring any information about these tests to the outside. Violating this contract, she'd have to pay 50.000$, a sum she knew she'd never have without this job. 

 After she had signed the paper, Miller stood up and looked at her with his steely eyes ordering her with a stern voice to stand up. 

 Looking into his face, she could see he would give her no mercy so she obeyed quickly. 

 With two fast steps, he stood in front of her taking her arms in his vice grip. 

 He hissed at her looking directly into her eyes "You better do what you're told or we'll find a replacement sooner as you'd like. And you'll regret that!" 

 She knew he was deadly serious but she had not much time to reconsider her decision as Miller gave her another order. 

 "Get rid of that panties and bra!" 

 His hard voice sent a shiver over her back and she started to get frightened of this man. Maybe, the job wouldn't be as easy as she had thought. Not wanting to challenge Miller's temper any further, she immediately did what he said. 

 After she had dropped her underwear onto the floor, he grabbed her skirt and ripped open the seam at the left side. Then he tore off half of the material shortening the skirt drastically - now it ended just under her butt. Next, he took the blouse in his hands and opened two more buttons to reveal her mounds that seemed like they wanted to burst right out of it. He pulled the blouse out of her skirt and tied it together just beneath her large jugs revealing her bellybutton. Now, the blouse was clinging tightly to her body showing off her nipples through the thin material leaving not much to the imagination. 

 Meanwhile, Erickson had gone and fetched up new shoes for her, black leather knee high boots with high platforms at the front and enormously high spiked heels at the back. The term "Hooker Boots" fit perfectly for them. He threw them in front of her feet and ordered her to put them on. 

 "Now you look properly for your job!" Erickson said. "Just like a slut! Ain't that what you are - a little dirty slut we can use as we like?" 

 Looking down at her, she had to admit that with the high heeled platform fuck- me boots, the extremely short skirt ripped open at the side and the open blouse she looked like modelling the newest hooker wear, like a street walker presenting her goods. 

 When she was finished, the three made her show herself off to them in all her glory. They ordered her to turn around standing with the back to them. She had to lean forward with her legs straight putting her arms onto the chair she had been sitting on before. This way, her freshly shaven smooth pussy was on full display framed by her firm butt cheeks. Standing like that, she suddenly heard some clicking noises and looked behind to see where this sound was coming from. What she saw made her heart drop for a second but at once she was ordered to look back in front by Mr. Stanton. 

 He was holding a cell-phone making photos of her. 

 Vanessa realized that she had sold herself away. She knew that they would use these pictures to blackmail her forever. She would never get another good job. This one would be for life and there was no way out anymore. 

 A lump formed in her throat and she felt cold sweat breaking out. Was that what she had wished for? Maybe, it hadn't been such a good idea as it had sounded this morning. 

 Her train of thoughts was interrupted by Stanton's voice ordering her to sit on the chair. She had to pull her ripped skirt up and spread her legs wide pulling her pussy apart with her delicate fingers. Again, photos were taken. 

 Astonishing herself, she could feel a little wetness on her fingers. How could she get aroused now? She had to do what they told her to. They didn't care a bit about her wishes or desires. They were taking photos of her that would be hunting her forever. There was no way out of this! She had to obey them! And she had never obeyed to anyone whether man or woman! She was the one taking what she wished! 

 But still the situation was arousing her, making her wet. 

 After some more photos, they brought her down into the parking garage taking the elevator. She was thankful that no other secretary in the law office was there seeing her like that. In the garage, they took Stanton's Mercedes. They placed her in the back with Miller and Erickson sitting at each side of her. It was bright daylight outside and the two enjoyed pulling her skirt up so everyone looking inside was able to see her snatch. Every time they had to stop at a red traffic light, they started fondling her pussy lips, spreading them apart to reveal her pink flesh and rubbing her clit. She hated them for doing so but she knew better than to resist. Her heart was beating so loud it was thumping in her ears. She didn't want any strangers looking at her that way. 

 When they were coming to a halt at another traffic light, a truck was stopping next to them. In horror, she saw the driver looking to the side catching a glimpse of her sitting open on display in the Mercedes. When Erickson and Miller realized what was going on, they plunged a finger each into her little hole moving them in and out. The trucker honked with best thanks and surprisingly Vanessa heard herself groan. She felt a slight shiver running through her body. She couldn't believe it! She felt humiliated but her body started betraying her mind getting slowly aroused. 

 Finally, Stanton parked the car downtown. She could only hope that no one she knew would see her walking along these three men dressed like a hooker - especially not one of Mark's friends. They headed for the station which was located in a rundown seedy part of town harbouring the red light district. Reaching this part of town, they walked past a lot of single men greedily looking at her, almost starting to drool. She sighed in relief when Stanton walked into a strip club glad to get off the street. It was looking rather shabby. No place she would ever go on her own or expect to meet a person like Stanton. 

 Inside, only a handful of men sat around a u-formed stage watching a girl stripping and dancing around a chrome tube. When they stepped inside, almost all men turned their attention to her mustering her up and down. 

 The gazes she received were completely different from the ones she was used to from men. They were greedy, full of horniness not showing a single hint of sympathy. They were giving her creeps as she knew these men were only seeing her as a walking piece of meat longing to grab her and to do with her whatever they liked. 

 Miller leaned over to her and whispered into her ear. What he was saying made her creep even more. She felt cold shivers running down her spine. She wanted to run out of this terrible club and never look back again. 

 "I won't do that!" she said defiantly. 

 "Yes you will, slut! And you'll like every second of it," Miller answered aloud now. 

 He leaned over to her ear again and whispered "Where do you wanna go looking like this? Just like a common street whore. The johns won't let you get far!" 

 Shuddering, Vanessa realized that he was right. She had nowhere to go. Mark was at home and would ask what she had done with this outfit and they still had the photos. She remembered all the things she had already done. This would only be a small step now, wouldn't it? But would she be able to bring herself to do this? 

 When the girl stripping had finished and stepped off the stage, it was Vanessa's turn. Her legs didn't move like frozen to the ground but Erickson gave her a hard shove. 

 "Get your slutty as up there, whore!" 

 She stumbled forward towards the stage. When the men saw her moving, they started clapping urging her on. 

 "Give us a show, bitch!" one of the guys shouted. 

 There was no way back for her and she knew it. So she finally climbed onto the stage. 

 All the men thought the same. This bitch looked sinfully sexy and better than any slut they had ever seen dancing in this club. 

 Vanessa moved carefully to the center of the stage. She was so nervous she almost fell over her feet. When music started to play, she faced the crowd and slowly started to dance moving her hips and arms. She didn't dare to move her feet at all. Any hint of self-consciousness she had had when walking into the office this morning was gone. After some time, the crowd started clapping rhythmically relaxing her and giving her more and more confidence. She started moving faster to the beat, bending over to touch her boots with her hands and letting her fingers slowly trail up over her long smooth legs, raising her skirt a little higher but not high enough to reveal her cunt. 

 The shouts of encouragement started awakening a weird feeling in her stomach. The thought of being the one who was able to drive all these men wild started arousing her. 

 She let her fingers slide over her barely covered tits, rubbing over her nipples till they stood out straining against the thin fabric. She grabbed the ends of her blouse and slowly opened the knot while shaking her hips rhythmically. Her plump melons sprang free and everybody could see how hard her pink nipples had already become. She took her two mounds in her hands and started to massage them holding her nipples between her index and middle finger. She realized that they had become as hard as little diamonds spurring her arousal even further. Slowly dancing, she turned around shaking her firm round butt before she leaned forward revealing her little pussy to the crowd. Turning around, she slipped the skirt down so that she was standing there totally naked except for the knee high fuck-me boots. She grabbed the chrome tube with both her small hands and started dancing there provokingly. Pressing her cunt against the pole, her puffy cunt lips were split open by it. She grounded against it harder and harder leaning her body back. The men grew excited by looking at this diminutive beauty dancing with such a horny feel. They couldn't help but to shout obscene compliments to her. 

 Out of the blue, Stanton entered the stage from behind carrying his belt. He whipped the floor and shouted. 

 "On your knees, bitch!" 

 Vanessa hesitated. This was the moment she had feared all the time since Miller had whispered it into her ear. She knew she had to behave as ordered but nonetheless she couldn't bring her body to respond. 

 Again, Stanton whipped the floor. This time so near beside her left boot that he almost hit her. 

 Slowly, she sank to her knees and crawled to her new boss. 

 Another whip to the floor. 

 Vanessa had to gulp swallowing her revulsion before she started kissing and licking his expensive brown Italian leather shoes. 

 The crowd exploded. 

 Again, Stanton slashed the whip on the floor next to her and she started crawling to the head of the stage. She could feel butterflies going wild inside her stomach but she didn't know if it was caused by her nervousness or excitement anymore. 

 Reaching the end of the stage, she looked lasciviously down at the man sitting there and licked her red full lips seductively with her tongue. Then she said the words she wouldn't have believed to be able to bring over her lips. 

 "Would you like to fuck me, sir? Would you like to show me who's the boss in here? Please, give it good and hard to this slut!" 

 The crowd erupted again everybody yelling obscenities at her not believing what a hot, dirty and willing slut had just walked into their club. 

 The men being in his thirties looked like a construction worker as he was deeply tanned and very muscular. His unshaven hard face gave him a scrappy look. This was not the type of guy Vanessa would have talked to back in her days as a Go-Go dancer. But right now, she didn't have a choice. She had to admit teasing these men and hearing them cheer at her had aroused her. She could feel juices gathering between her legs but still this was the most degrading thing she had ever been forced to do. Could there be anything dirtier, filthier, more humiliating? She couldn't think of any. 

 Only for the moment, she had given in to the situation. She didn't care anymore who the guy was or how he was looking like. All that was important was to get over with this. 

 Before the guy could react, Stanton whipped the floor again and she turned around immediately. She pushed her hips up into the air and lowered her face down onto the ground. She started moving her hips lusciously and reaching with her hands behind she spread her cunt lips open with her long French manicured fingers. Everybody could see the moisture on her pink lips and all the guys whistled uproaringly before they started rooting for the chosen guy yelling 

 "Do the bitch! Do the bitch!" 

 Amazing herself, these rude comments and degrading names made Vanessa even hotter and she started moaning slightly even before the guy had reached her. 

 Stepping behind her, he started fingering her juicy snatch. First, he ran a single finger over the entire length of her hot box sending a shiver through Vanessa's body. She was still kneeling ass up face down, with her fingers spreading her cunt lips and the guy started pushing the finger inside her hole. She couldn't help but moan out loudly. Her body was starting to take over repressing her mind. The guy went on pushing a second and a third finger into her steaming cunt and it seemed to longingly suck them in. 

 When he pulled his fingers out, Vanessa sighed disappointedly. Now, her body needed something in her moist cunt. She needed to be filled. The guy walked around her stepping next to her face. He grabbed her hair and forced her up by pulling on it. He held his fingers in front of her face and told her to lick her juices off of it. 

 "Lick your mess off my fingers, you dirty slut!" he commanded with a voice that allowed no opposition. 

 Vanessa didn't have any opposition left in her, though. She only wanted to finish this task. She didn't hesitate a second hungrily sucking his fingers into her mouth and slurping off all her cunt juices. She knew what Stanton wanted to hear and she had resigned. Looking up into his eyes she said 

 "Thank you, Sir! Could you please fuck me now? Please fuck me as hard as you can, Sir!" 

 A smile spread over the guys face but he didn't react telling her 

 "You gotta get me ready first, dirty bitch!" 

 With that, he pulled down his jeans and revealed his cock. It was at least 9 inches long but especially thick. Vanessa had never seen a dick that thick. For a short moment, she inhaled the strong, musky aroma of sweat that assailed her nostrils making her almost gag. Without waiting for further instructions, she grabbed the cock in her hand and started jerking it furiously. She started swirling her tongue around his fleshy foreskin and explored beneath as he grunted. Opening her little mouth wide, she pulled her delicate lips over its head already leaking pre-cum and started sucking on it bopping her head up and down. She wasn't able to get the entire shaft into her mouth as it hit the entrance to her throat before that. 

 After some sucking, the guy told her to stop. He put her chin in his hand and made her look up at him. Then he told her 

 "Now, I will fuck your face! You will give me a no hands blowjob, you filthy slut, and I'm gonna push my dick right down your throat till my balls hit your chin. I love watching your spit run out of your mouth, dripping down onto your big fuck tits and I wanna hear you gag desperately around my cock. Understood, nasty bitch?" 

 He wrapped her long red hair around his hand and order her to open her mouth wide. 

 Vanessa looked like a deer caught in the headlights, fear clearly visible in her eyes. She had never deep throated any dick and she wasn't keen on doing so. But she knew he'd do it anyway so she positioned her hands against his strong thighs and opened her mouth waiting for the intrusion. 

 The guy didn't wait long pushing her mouth down onto his shaft in one swift motion. There was a little resistance when he hit the entrance to her throat but he simply went on pushing her face towards his balls. Vanessa had to gag violently. She pressed her arms against his thighs trying to get her head off the cock but to no avail. He was far stronger then her and her struggling made her gag even more violently. The guy seemed to enjoy her discomfort as the gripping motions of her throat muscles massaged his dick. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 01 ****** byCathartico© Vanessa's stomach was heaving and she had to gag so hard her entire upper body hurt. She prayed for this to be over soon. But the guy held her down for an extra long time. She wasn't able to breathe and she feared passing out. Black stars started dancing in front of her eyes and her legs began twitching unintentionally. When everything seemed to go black, he pulled her head off his dick. He laughed out loud as she slightly puked spittle over his cock and a long line of sticky drool fell humiliatingly from her lips. She breathed in heavily, happy to get new air. 

 Pulling on her hair, he made her look up at him and asked with a mischievous smile 

 "Did you like it?" 

 Surprising herself, she nodded looking obediently into his eyes. 

 "Thank you for teaching me how to deep throat, sir," she said gasping for breathe. 

 Before she could breathe in another time, he pushed her head down on his thick member again. This time, the resistance was already smaller but still she gagged loudly. He repeated pushing his cock down her throat making her gag and keeping it in there a while enjoying the feel of her tight warm gullet gripping his big rigid cock several times until no resistance from her throat muscles was left and Vanessa had gotten used to the unfamiliar intrusion. When she started being able to control her gag reflex a little better, he suddenly clasped her nose shut with his dick down her throat. Making little pumping motions, he started fucking her throat. Panic welled up inside of her, she was afraid of passing out. The fear prominently displayed on her face. Black stars appeared again and faster than before. She tried to push against his thighs with all her power but she had no chance. Her stomach heaved painfully again and she almost puked. She started whining making him look down. When he saw that she was almost fainting, he released her. She coughed and choked making him laugh. 

 "Better get used to it cause we're not nearly done, fuckslut!" 

 Looking shyly up at him, Vanessa begged for mercy and said with a cracking voice 

 "Please do anything with me but not this anymore!" 

 "Just as you like, bitch!" the guy laughed. 

 Vanessa wondered what he might have in store next. But she didn't have much time to think about it. The guy started fucking her face in a fast pace rapidly ramming his thick cock all the way down the slut's throat giving her no time of control. She couldn't help but start gagging again. Tears sprang into her eyes and started running down her face. 

 This made the crowd yell again. They liked the way the guy treated this horny bitch and urged him on. Seeing such a ravishing beauty getting the treatment of a gutter whore was an unbelievable sight to be seen. Her mascara started running down her cheeks in long black streams and spit dripped from the corners of her mouth. Every time the guy pushed his cock out of her mouth, a long thick string of drool connected his dick with her mouth and he liked to gather it with his hand and smear it onto her face. 

 When he finally stopped attacking her mouth, he looked into the crowd and yelled 

 "Look at that whore! She loved that treatment! She is rubbing her cunt all the time." 

 In shock, Vanessa realized that he was right. Unconsciously, her fingers had dipped into her hot hole rubbing her clit feverishly. And she had to admit that after having accepted that she had no control over this situation, she had just started to like the feeling of the immense pleasure she was giving to this guy. Not knowing what would happen to her, seemed to make her hot. A fire had started burning in her loins and with every thrust down her throat it had grown stronger. 

 She had no time to ponder this new revelation as the guy ordered her to get on all her fours while he walked behind her. 

 With all her saliva covering his dick and her cunt overflowing with juices now, he had no problem ramming it into her hot pussy in one swift motion. The plump head of his engorged cock widened her cunt lips and Vanessa let out a loud yelp. Suddenly, the prickling sensations were back, the pain in her throat forgotten. Her body had taken over again shutting down her mind completely. All she was thinking about was the fire in her loins and how to get release. Right at that moment, she was willing to do anything to get this release. She wanted him to push as deep into her as possible. 

 He took her pelvis into his large meaty hands and started fucking her fast and hard. Loud squishing noises came from her pussy and Vanessa gasped loudly and uninhibited while her massive melons whipped rhythmically forth and back. She started bucking back groaning and panting loudly trying to get his entire tool into her steamy pussy. His impressive cock penetrated her fully and drove her to louder and louder groans and moans. 

 The guy reached forward and clasped her bouncing boobs. He started kneading the soft flesh hard while increasing his tempo. Vanessa couldn't stop moaning. She had completely turned into wax in his hands. 

 Loud clapping noises were audible when she rammed her hips back against the guy's body, her cunt making its own splashy sounds. Throwing her long dark red hair to the side, she looked over her shoulder up to the guy. She had a longingly lustful twinkle in her eye and started trembling. An orgasm was ripping through her body. It was so intense, she felt her entire insides tense - a feeling she had never had before. 

 "Ooooooh! Fuck me! 

 "Ooooooh! Give it to me! Fuck me hard!" 

 "Ooooooh! I'm cummming!" 

 It didn't seem to stop, wave after wave of pure pleasure surging through her body driving her wild. She closed her eyes letting her head hang down limply breathing slowly and loud. She simply enjoyed this new found pleasure. 

 Her sudden outburst sent the crowd into a roar and they started yelling obscenities at her again. 

 The guy didn't seem to be impressed by her orgasm simply going on fucking her with deep hard strokes not slowing his tempo. A few moments later, Vanessa's orgasm had subsided and she was bucking back against him again groaning loudly. Suddenly, he smacked her right ass cheek hard. The hit jolted through her entire body spreading pain but at the same time the relentless fucking caused her pleasure. This mix made her even hornier. He started spanking both of her butt cheeks several more times until they had turned bright red radiating towards their audience. She couldn't stop grunting out loud to the clapping sounds. 

 Suddenly, the guy pulled his dick out of her pussy making her fuck juices flow down the insides of her legs. Vanessa looked back disappointedly with a questioning expression on her face. 

 The guy went past her and sat down on the stage saying 

 "It's time for you to do the work, little bitch!" 

 Longing for more pleasure, Vanessa didn't hesitate jumping up and positioning herself over him with her ass pointing at him. Now she was able to look right into the crowd. She spread her cunt lips open while she lowered herself on him. The guy watched with pleasure how she slowly and greedily shoved her pussy down his thick cock. She pressed herself hard against him and his shaft slipped completely into her hot steamy hole with ease. Vanessa groaned in lust and started moving fast. She varied between circling her pelvis and bucking back hard. She couldn't stop moaning out loudly 

 "Oh, oooh! Fuck me!" 

 "Ooooooh" Fuck me harder!" 

 With every movement, her fat fucktits bounced up and down giving the crowd a show on its own. The guy reached up with his hands and cupped her buxom jugs pressing them together. Then he started mauling them roughly deforming the soft flesh. This caused Vanessa to moan even louder than before drowning out the smacking, squishing sound of her filled pussy. 

 "Oooooh! Oooooh! Make me your slut!" 

 "Oooooh! Oooooh! Make me cum!" 

 She started slightly trembling showing signs of her next orgasm that would bring deliverance and finally extinguish the fire of horniness still burning between her loins. 

 Out of the blue, the guy pushed her off him making her fall to her knees. He stood up jerking his big pulsating cock and screaming 

 "I'm ready bitch! I'm gonna cum! Open that slutty mouth, dirty whore!" 

 Vanessa was looking at him almost desperate from horniness. She needed relief. But when she saw his cock starting to twitch, she quickly opened her mouth. The guy grabbed her hair again and put his dick on her lower lip. 

 "I don't wanna see any of it spill over your mouth!" he advised her menacingly. 

 A second later, he couldn't hold it any longer and with a deep grunt coming out of his throat a thick stream of cum shot out of his prick right onto her tongue. Spurt after spurt shot out of his dick until her whole mouth was flooded. With only a few drops of cream dripping off the end of his cock, he slid his cock to her mouth for her to suck any remaining cum out of him. She did so eagerly sucking on his head for some time until he told her 

 "Show me the cum nasty bitch!" 

 She opened her mouth and one could see the gooey white mass covering her whole mouth even drowning her tongue under it. 

 "Swallow slut!" 

 Vanessa closed her mouth and gulped down the incredible mass of cum. She had problems doing so as it was sticky as glue not running down her throat easily. But she made it in one try getting the full bitter taste. Looking up at him she said 

 "Thank you, Sir!" 

 The guy stroked her cheek when he said "Well done little whore! But I got another present for you! You do want to please me, don't you?" 

 After having just drunken his sperm, Vanessa looked up to him like a little shy girl only nodding her head. So he turned around and yelled to the crowd 

 "It's time for you to have fun with this dirty slut! Give her the rewards she earned!" 

 The crowd that had become still in awe the last few minutes exploded in cheers. All 11 men jumped to their feet and almost got into fights for being the first in front of her. 

 Only seconds later, five men had formed a circle around her and pulled their dicks out of their trousers. They were jerking off furiously when one of them told her to suck his cock. She attacked it feverishly still being horny as hell after her second orgasm had been denied. She slurped on it taking it deep down while she grabbed two other dicks with her free hands jerking them off. 

 After only a few moments, the men couldn't hold it any longer. They stroked there dicks furiously while she urged them on 

 "Please, give me your cum. Drown this slutty face with your sperm!" 

 One of the two guys getting jacked off by her was the first to cum. She opened her mouth wide when a tremendous stream of cum shot in her face splattering all over it. This set the other guys off as well and wads of cum were fired in her mouth, on her face and in her hair. It was so much cream that one of her eyes was glued shut when they were finished. 

 But there were still six men to go. They had been standing a bit back jerking off too and watching her getting showered in cum. Meanwhile, they had filled a wine glass with their spunk. It was almost half filled. 

 Now, one of them stepped up to her and ordered her to drink all of it. She took it in her hand and looked at it. First it seemed like she wouldn't do so but then she lifted it up and let the filthy cum run into her mouth all at once. She had to gulp several times to get it all down and after the second mouthful she choked violently almost puking the entire cum back out. But finally, she managed to get it all down opening her mouth triumphantly and showing it to the group of men that started clapping. 

 After the group had dissolved, Stanton, Miller and Erickson came up to her onto stage and told her 

 "Well done, well done! But your test run ain't over yet, little whore!" 

 Miller threw her blouse and skirt at her and said 

 "Clean your face and get dressed before you meet us outside!" 

 to be continued .... 

 The job interview is not over yet by far... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 02 ****** byCathartico© Chapter 02 

 Vanessa stood in the ladies' restroom of the sleazy strip club. Looking into the mirror, her mouth dropped open. She almost couldn't recognize herself. Her whole face was covered in cum as if she had dunked her head straight into a bucket filled with glue. It was completely glazed like a donut. She wasn't able to see with her left eye as it was shut with strings of sperm. The cum even hung in her hair and from her ears. 

 She splashed water onto her face trying to wash off the cum. Hastily, she applied some new lipstick and liner to her eyes. 

 While trying to tame her dishevelled hair, everything that had just happened passed in front of her inner eye again. The entire day seemed like a total blur. She couldn't exactly remember every single action. Instead, it felt more like one long whirlwind of emotions - her cocky attitude in the morning, the embarrassment of being paraded through town like a street hooker, the humiliation of having to crawl to a total stranger and asking him to fuck her, the submission by this guy's fierce face fucking, the perversion of getting covered in cum. 

 But over all these mixed sensations lay a feeling of lust and pure horniness. Dancing and fucking in front of strangers, giving up any control and performing dirty acts for the pleasure of unknown guys, had made her as horny as never before. And she had cum so violently and long, it felt like a bungee jump that didn't stop. Only the thought of it, ignited the fire between her loins again - although it had never really stopped. 

 Taking a last look into the mirror, Vanessa approved of herself and turned to walk out. She had applied lipstick thicker than before and put on heavier mascara. Together with her outfit, she looked sluttier than ever - only now she also felt like a slut. 

 When she stepped outside of the strip club, the three lawyers were already waiting for her. Miller and Erickson let her walk between them again with Stanton leading the way. The sun had sung and street lights were illuminating the dark streets. Vanessa was glad for the darkness as it made it difficult for others to see Erickson's hand pushing up her small skirt and resting on her butt cheeks. This way, her bare bottom was on full display. Erickson enjoyed how she tried to wriggle her ass away from his hand and massaged her ass flesh during the entire walk. She could hear her heart beating louder and louder hoping no one would pass them by and see her butt in full glory. But at the same time, she could feel the excitement building up in her stomach and causing her juices to gather between her thighs again. 

 When they reached the parking garage, there were still a lot of cars parked inside as it was pretty early in the evening. In front of the Mercedes, Stanton suddenly turned around looking at her and asked with all natural authority he had 

 "Are you our office whore?" 

 Vanessa was totally caught off guard by his question. She thought her performance in the club had been enough proof. When she didn't answer at once, Stanton hit her hard in the face. Her head flew to the side and a wave of pain rushed trough her body ending in her loins where it only fuelled her fire. 

 "Are YOU our WHORE?" he asked again emphasizing the word whore, almost spitting it out. Intimidated, Vanessa faint-heartedly said yes. 

 "Then behave like a WHORE and show us your goods!" Stanton went on. 

 Timidly, Vanessa looked around the parking garage. She intently hoped no one would come along right now. She didn't want anybody to see her displaying herself so lewdly to these men. She didn't want anybody regarding her as a cheap whore. She wanted to impress people with her ravishing beauty and make them jealous with her expensive designer clothes. That was the reason she was doing all this for. 

 In front of her inner eye, she saw herself dressed in a black velvet evening gown but then the picture changed to the person that had looked back at her from the mirror of the strip club - a dirty whore covered in cum. Strangely, this thought made the unsatisfied horniness inside herself flare up even more. 

 "What's going on with me?" she wondered but was interrupted by Erickson harsh voice. 

 "Get it on, filthy bitch!" 

 Finally, Vanessa snapped back into reality. Letting her fingers slowly slide over the thin material of her cram-full blouse, she started opening its buttons causing her full big tits to burst out. Her dark brown areolas were crowned by two thick nipples that had hardened steadily over the last minutes and were now poking out like two adamant wicks. Closing her eyes, she twitched each with two of her long fingernails causing a comforting shiver to rush through her body extending to her small toes. A moan escaped her lips and the situation she was in was totally forgotten. Rolling her thick dark nipples between her manicured fingernails, a prickling sensation spread over her whole body. Driven by desire, Vanessa pushed her skirt up and drove two fingers straight into her moist snatch groaning out loud. Pulling them out again, they were glistening with her juices. She lifted her delicate French manicured fingers up to her mouth and started licking them lasciviously while opening her eyes and looking straight at Stanton. She felt the warmth from between her legs fuelling her fire of lust. It increased even more when she saw the bulge forming in his pants. She needed such a cock now - a big hard dick that drilled hard and fast in and out of her wet box. 

 "Lean over the car!" came the short but unmistakable order from Stanton. 

 Vanessa made a few steps forward before positioning her hands on the car hood. She pushed her ass back so far that the short skirt slipped over her butt revealing her slightly opened moist pussy to everyone behind her. She could feel the cold breeze smoothing softly over her cunt lips. Her ample boobs hung down off her chest. Standing behind her, one was able to see her glistening pussy and at the same time her full large jugs dangling between her opened legs. 

 Stanton as the boss stepped forward pulling his hardening cock out of his trousers. 

 Vanessa shivered slightly in anticipation of a fat prick getting thrust into her. Instead, she received a sharp slap to her left ass cheek turning it instantly red. A little yelp escaped Vanessa's mouth. But it quickly turned into a moan when a finger slit slightly over her juicy slit. 

 Stanton grabbed his hard dick and lightly stroked it up her slit and back down. He repeated it massaging her clit up and down with his cock head. Vanessa enjoyed the feeling although it wasn't stilling her hunger only increasing it. 

 "Oooooooh! Ooooooooh! That feels good," she moaned not being able to stay calm anymore. 

 Stanton pushed his cock slightly against her slit causing her to moan louder. But again, he didn't push inside letting his shaft slide up her pussy lips. Vanessa couldn't stop her body from shivering. It was acting on its own now craving release. 

 "Put it in me! Please, put your hard cock in me!" she started begging. She couldn't stand the tease anymore. 

 "I'm your whore! Please, fuck your whore!" she pleaded with him. 

 The three men looked at each other grinning wide and nodding. Now, they had her exactly where they wanted her. She was begging them, wanting them to fuck her, to use her. At the moment, she didn't care about the money she would earn. All she cared for was getting release. She was the girl they had been looking for. 

 Stanton slowly slid his cock down her slit and kept going to her asshole. For a moment, he paused right on her bottom hole. He slid his cock up and down her ass crack spreading the moisture he had gathered up from her cunt. Again, he stopped on her puckered little asshole. This time, he rubbed the head of his dick around her tightly closed rear hole in a teasing manner. 

 "How about in here," he asked. 

 Vanessa tore her eyes open. She'd never had a cock up there, never had tried it. She had been told that it hurt and she wasn't keen on getting hurt - especially not back there. 

 "No, not there. Please, put it in my pussy! I'll be a good whore for you!" she started begging. 

 "Maybe,... maybe not!" Stanton said teasingly. 

 He returned to her slit, smearing his cock over her pussy lips one more time. Vanessa's legs started to shake uncontrollably. She had to press her hands onto the car hood to keep standing. She couldn't take this tease anymore. Her horniness was foaming over. She needed realise, she needed it now, she needed it here. 

 "Oooooooh!... ... Please, put it in!" "Pleeeeeeease!... Pleeeeeease! Fuck me!" 

 Vanessa was almost in tears as she cried her plea. 

 Stanton slowly pushed the head of his cock just into her cunt. 

 "Do you want it here?" he asked mockingly. 

 "Yeeeaaah!... ... That's it! Give it to me!" Vanessa cried out loud. 

 Stanton pulled out again. 

 "Pleeeeeease!... Pleeeeeease!..." she sounded desperate. 

 "I guess, you can't have it there!" he told her shortly pulling his dick completely off her snatch. 

 Vanessa knew exactly what he wanted and she didn't care anymore. She was going insane from lust, she needed relief, she needed to get fucked. Her body craved cock no matter in which hole - only cock thrusting hard into her, making her finally explode. 

 "Put it in my asshole. Do it! Fuck my ass! Just do it! I want you to ram my ass!" she cried out pleadingly. 

 A grin spread over Stanton's face when he stepped back up to her. Gripping her ass cheeks, he roughly pushed her forward. Now her complete upper body lay on the hood of the Mercedes, her big fuck tits pressed so hard against the sheet that the soft flesh welled out at the sides of her body. Her rock hard engorged nipples were pressed so tightly against the cold hood that it sent a mix of pain and pleasure through her. 

 "Spread your ass, bitch!" Stanton ordered and Vanessa reached her manicured hands back to push her firm tight ass cheeks apart revealing her dark puckered starfish in all its glory. 

 Gathering up some moisture from her pussy lips, he pushed a single finger into her little sensitive rear hole. Vanessa panicked a little but Stanton slightly stroked her ass cheek. 

 "Stay calm. You'll see you'll enjoy it, bitch!" He soothed her although it sounded more like a mock. 

 Pushing his finger in and out, the resistance of her anal muscles started to fade. He pushed a second finger inside and Vanessa began panting trying to relax. 

 "That's gonna be tight!" Stanton said to his colleagues and it wasn't clear if it was meant as anticipation or threat. 

 He spat onto her tiny butthole and positioned his cock at her rear entry. Then, he started pushing with all his power. After a moment that seemed like eternity for Vanessa, his cock head slipped into her asshole causing her to briefly yell out. 

 Stanton groaned with pleasure enjoying the tightness and said 

 "Here it goes little whore!" 

 He started pushing his large cock further into her asshole making her breath heavily not giving her a chance to get used to his cock in her rear hole. He didn't stop until his balls hit her clit and he was balls deep. Vanessa's pants became louder and louder sounding uncomfortable. His dick felt like a spear jabbing into her guts. The pain ripped through her whole body until it registered in her brain. Her ass tried - without any effort on her part - to escape the large cock twitching from one side to the other. But there was no escape possible. 

 "Can't handle my cock, fuckwhore?" he egged her on. 

 Stanton enjoyed her desperate futile attempts and started pulling back. When he had almost entirely pulled out of her quivering ass chute, he pushed his cock back inside mercilessly. Vanessa yelled out loud. She started furiously rubbing her clit with her fingers to ease the pain. Stanton went on unimpressed going into her ass balls deep increasing his tempo with every thrust. Vanessa screamed almost endlessly now. 

 "Oouuhhhhh,... Oouuhhhhh,... Oouuhhhhhh,... Oh my God.... Oouuhhhhhh..." 

 He rammed into her ass with all power he had and his body slapped loudly against her ass cheeks echoing in the parking garage. Vanessa could feel his balls slapping against her pussy and after several minutes her painful whimpers turned into low moans. He further increased his tempo and her moans turned even louder until they were uninhibited groans of pleasure. She started waving her head from one side to the other shivering uncontrollably. Her groans became more intense when suddenly a wave of pleasure rushed through her body. 

 "Oooooooh!... ... I'm cummng!" "Oh FUCK!" 

 She couldn't believe it. First, it had felt like the worst pain she had ever experienced but with the ongoing thrusts, pleasurable sensations had spread out until a deep feeling of pure delight embraced her entire body and an anal orgasm started ripping through her. It was the most intense feeling she had ever experienced and it kept on going and going. Her eyes widened and she almost collapsed onto the hood of the car. She screamed so loud that it echoed through the entire parking garage. 

 During her orgasm, her anal muscles twitched in spasms squeezing Stanton's cock hard. This unexpected tightness set him off. He couldn't hold it any longer and his dick started throbbing making him scream out. 

 "Ahhhhhh! I'm cumming, slut. You filthy bitch! Take my load down your dirty fucking ass!" 

 His cock started erupting. With brutal force, his hot sperm rushed through his pulsing tool flooding her ass with spurts of cum. Jet after jet of hot goo filled her quivering ass chute making Vanessa groan. But he wasn't finished with her yet. He hadn't expected to cum so soon and he wanted another go at her sweet tight ass. 

 While his dick went flaccid inside Vanessa's rectum, he asked Erickson to get some liquor to shorten their waiting time. A second later, Erickson produced three glasses and a bottle of Whiskey out of the car. For the next ten minutes, Stanton used Vanessa's back as a place to rest his shots while keeping his limp dick inside her ass. Without paying further notice to her, he talked with his partners cracking some jokes about the fine piece of ass he just had. 

 All she could do was to remain in her position and wait for what was about to happen next. She felt so degraded. They treated her as if she wasn't even present, like furniture, like a piece of meat they could use in any way they wanted but didn't have to pay further notice to. So she closed her eyes trying to block out what was just happening and waited for Stanton's next move. 

 The worst thing was that Stanton ran a finger over her pussy from time to time sending short intense shivers of joy through her body. Suddenly, he flicked his finger hard over her sensitive clit and almost an orgasm hit her. The wave of pleasure came so hard and unexpected that her legs trembled and almost gave way. 

 "Don't let my glass fall to the ground, bitch!" Stanton growled. "You can enjoy the assfucking you're about to get! But right now you're my personal tray, nothing more." 

 "Woah, did you hear that!" an unknown voice exclaimed. 

 Vanessa opened her eyes and looked right at a group of strangers, two men and two women. She jumped out of her skin and for a moment the world stood perfectly still. 

 She hadn't heard them coming. How much had they witnessed? 

 She was humiliated beyond believe. No one could imagine the shame she felt. Her face turned bright red in an instant. All she could do was to turn her head to the other side in hope not to be recognized. 

 Stanton, Erickson and Miller had seen the group approaching them long before. Now, they grinned from ear to ear. Stanton enjoyed Vanessa's humiliation so much that he gave a slap to Vanessa's bottom and ordered 

 "Say you're sorry." 

 Vanessa gritted her teeth. She knew exactly what he wanted to hear but she was barely able to bring the words over her lips, not with someone else listening. A cold shower ran down her spine when she said with a quivering voice 

 "I'm sorry, master. It won't happen again. I'll be a good whore!" 

 These words made Stanton's cock spring back to its erect state deep inside her colon, filling her ass once again completely. 

 "Move your ass, fuckwhore!" he commanded while running a finger over her pussy lips. 

 Again, a wave of pleasure hit her. Dizzy from the new sensations on her cunt and the straining dick up her ass, Vanessa slowly started rocking her hips back and forth, a moan coming over her lips. 

 "What a slut!" one of the women said looking at the scene with an open mouth. 

 "Cheap crack ho!" the other woman added. 

 The women started pulling their men away from the scene. But the look on the men's faces clearly stated that they would have loved to watch more of the action if their girlfriends hadn't been there. 

 Vanessa could hear every word they said and was deeply ashamed of every second that had happened. 

 Stanton didn't care about the group anymore and relentlessly fucked Vanessa's ass deep and hard again. He increased his pace until he was pounding away at it with all his power. Her sphincter getting stretched so wide so fast, sent waves of agony through her body and she started screaming again. After a few moments of constant pain, she suddenly came hard and even stronger than before. 

 The orgasm dragged her along so hard that she would have toppled down from the car hood if Stanton's strong hands wouldn't have held her in position. She screamed almost hysterically not able to form meaningful words anymore. Her sticky juices squirted from her pussy like an ejaculating geyser drenching Stanton's legs. After seemingly endless minutes of ecstasy, she slumped down on the hood breathing heavily while her boss was still pounding away at her asshole. Finally, he came for the second time adding more goo to the pool inside her ass. 

 She was completely drained. After her fuck session in the strip club and the merciless ass drilling from Stanton, she was so exhausted that she could barely remain standing in her position. 

 With a squishing sound, Stanton pulled his big tool out of her ass and smacked her on her butt cheek a final time. 

 Only a second later, Erickson had stepped up to her. He already had his trousers down ramming his rod without further warning into her well travelled asshole. He started with an unbelievable fast pace trying to totally wreck her ass. He grabbed her long red hair wrapped it around his hand and pulled on it like on a rein. 

 Vanessa was totally drenched in sweat by now. After some minutes of gathering her strength, she groaned with deep pleasure again. She was in a total bliss now, the shameful incident completely forgotten, and bucked her ass hard against his body. Holding tight to her hair, Erickson banged her without any restraints. 

 "Yeaaaah! Fuck my ass! Give it to me hard! Jam it all the way up my dirty asshole!" Vanessa started urging him on. 

 "Fuck me like a slut! I need to get fucked hard!" 

 After several minutes of this relentless fucking, Erickson groaned out loud. 

 "You filthy big tit WHORE!" he screamed before he released a huge load of cum straight down her rectum. 

 He pulled out at once and gave her a smack on her ass cheek before stepping away. After three vicious assfuckings, Vanessa could feel how sore her ass had become. It hurt on the inside and was extremely sensitive on the outside. She knew she couldn't handle another attack on her bunghole. 

 Miller left her a little time to compose herself. She was breathing heavily as she had cum at least four times by only getting fucked anally. And it wasn't over... 

 When Miller walked up to her she asked him not to fuck her ass. He only looked at her with a stern, icy look and said 

 "Do you think you have anything to say here, whore? I will fuck you wherever I want to!" 

 He spread Vanessa's ass cheeks apart and mounted her ass cramming his hard shaft deep into her sore rear hole. She opened her eyes wide and gasped loudly. He had to be at least 10" big and as thick as her wrist. Vanessa was begging and pleading. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 02 ****** byCathartico© "Please!... No!... My ass is so sore. I'll do anything for you, just not my ass. Please!" 

 But he paid no attention to her hammering her abused bunghole at once. He took both her arms in his hands and pulled them back. This way, he bent her back to him like a bow being able to penetrate her even deeper. This resulted in more screams and pleas from her. 

 Her arms behind her back, Vanessa had no chance of moving anymore and every thrust jammed so deep into her colon, it felt like Miller speared her up to her throat. With her upper body bent back, her firm massive jugs were freed again and bounced up and down rhythmically. Her asshole was so raw now that every thrust hurt but she came again. Her orgasm hit her like a fist to the head. She couldn't stop grunting and screaming. 

 "Oh! Ooooooh!" 

 When he finally released his wads of cum down her rectal highway, she was dizzy. She lay on the hood of the car breathing heavily her legs all wobbly. 

 But it still wasn't over yet ... 

 Erickson had put one of the shots on the ground next to the Mercedes. Then he stepped over to Vanessa and pulled her up by her hair. She was barely able to stand from exhaustion her legs buckling under her. Not caring the least, he hauled her over to the glass. He ordered her to squat over it and push their loads out of her ass into it. 

 "Whores don't waste cum!" he said. 

 She looked up at him with a disgusted expression on her face. He didn't want her to do what she thought, did he? She hadn't liked swallowing all the sperm in the strip club and this was coming out of her ass! It had probably mixed with the filth in her rectum. The thought alone almost made her retch. 

 A hard slap to her face brought her back to reality. She knew pleading wouldn't help so she did as told and squatted over the glass. She had to press real hard as the cum had been fucked deep down into her poop chute. Her gaping ass strained and farting noises emanated from it. 

 She pushed with all her might and finally the spunk started dribbling out. She sighed but her relief was soon gone when Erickson lifted the glass in front of her eyes. 

 It was a gross sight as the gooey cum had slightly turned yellow. She could feel her stomach heave. Reluctantly, she took the glass in her hand. Holding it, she looked at it again not being able to bring it up to her lips. 

 "Drink it, filthy bitch!" Erickson yelled at her. "You know you're a dirty whore! Prove it to us!" 

 "I'm not dirty." Vanessa said gently looking shyly at the men. 

 She was no dirty slut, not a cheap whore. Still she knew she had to do what they wanted or they would force her to do so. 

 Taking all her will together and gulping down her revulsion, she put the glass to her lips and nipped on it trying to satisfy the men this way. She gagged immediately. It tasted vile, it tasted like ass, it tasted like her ass. 

 "Come on you fuckwhore. All of it! Make us proud!" Miller ordered impatiently. 

 Surrendering, she finally gulped it all down in one motion. She tried to swallow it at once but it was so sticky some of it remained in her mouth and its entire vile aroma was able to unfold inside her mouth. When she had managed to get it all down, she could instantly feel her stomach turning and she knew that she would never forget this taste in her entire life. 

 To be continued ... 

 First day at the office... Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 03 ****** byCathartico© Vanessa Laren lay in her bath tub caressing her smooth precious body. Looking down at herself, her eyes followed the silk curves of her heavy full breasts down over her tight nicely tanned belly to her long lean legs. She knew exactly why Stanton and his partners where so happy that she had signed the job papers. 

 Jumping back in time, she recapitulated the scene that happened after her parking garage bang. Stanton, Miller and Erickson had packed her into the Mercedes taking her back to the law office. There, she had signed the papers and received her first cheque. It had been more money than she had ever got before in her whole life. 

 Stanton had advised her to come to work at 10 o'clock. Every partner had his own secretary and she would be his personal assistant. The only difference was that she would be the only one that also served as office whore after her bureau job was done. Stanton didn't want the rest of the secretaries to know about this little secret so he told her to be dressed properly not attracting any attention. This was fine with her as she didn't want her workmates to know about her new secret life either. Before she had left the office glad to finally get home, Miller had leaned over to her and whispered into her ear. 

 "Don't think you have seen it all now! The fun has just begun!" grinning devilishly at her. 

 She could only imagine what that meant. Having some free days off before her job would start next week, her mind started wandering back to this question over and over again. 

 After the assfucking she had received in the parking garage, her ass had been sore for two days. It had twitched all the time reminding her of what had happened and simultaneously bringing back the memory of the sensations she had experienced. 

 She still didn't know how to feel about it all. It made her sick to her stomach feeling disgusted and dirty. 

 She had let strangers use her any way they wanted to and it had been guys she wouldn't even have looked at under any other circumstances. 

 She had let Stanton, Miller and Erickson parade her around like their little will-less whore. 

 She had begged them to fuck her ass right in a public place. 

 She had drunken cum from a dozen men and even worse she'd drunken sperm that came right out of her ass. 

 Only the lowest street hooker would degrade herself to such filthy acts. But she had performed them. 

 At the same time, she couldn't forget the new heights she had reached. It all seemed like one long orgasm that was getting more and more intense till all her senses exploded. It had felt like a delirium - a delirium of lust. 

 Deep down inside, she knew she had to experience this high that had simultaneously consumed all her senses again. She could already feel an ache building in her stomach slowly eating its way towards her loins. It was still muted and restraint increasing slowly - very slowly - but steadily. She knew it would build up till it would drive her crazy from lust until she'd be so aroused that she would be willing to do anything to satisfy her craving - just like in the parking garage. She hated Stanton for teasing her so mercilessly but at the same time she strangely loved him for bringing her to such new heights of bliss. 

 Every time her mind played the scenes of her getting fucked, she found herself starting to play with her clit getting wet down there. 

 How could this be? 

 How could this happen to her? 

 She was fucking guys for money - not like a common street whore, more like a high class prostitute. Nevertheless, it was nasty and repugnant. But why did she enjoy it so much then? 

 Did she like to be treated roughly? 

 Did she enjoy getting humiliated? 

 She told herself that they had manipulated her and stimulated her sensitive body parts so long till her instincts had taken over. She was only human. Everybody would have reacted this way she reassured herself. She was no cheap slut. 

 The first thing she had done the next day was to go shopping buying an expensive designer dress and an even more expensive handbag. Something she had always wanted to do but never had been able to bring up the money for. She had enjoyed it tremendously. All the other women in the shop had been gazing at her, their looks full of jealousy. This was what she had imagined when she had signed the contract. This was what she had always been yearning for. Now, she was ready to meet her old friend Maria again. 

 The next week started as ordinary as possible. Every partner had his own bureau with an anteroom in which his personal secretary was sitting. Vanessa did the regular day to day work for Mr. Stanton just as every other secretary. All of them were older than her being in their thirties or forties and Vanessa stood out simply from the fact that she dressed far more sexily wearing knee long tight skirts with stockings and high heeled boots. She took care that she didn't look too revealing, yet provocative enough to show off her incredible figure and intoxicating full bust. The other secretaries weren't that thrilled to have her as their new colleague. From the first second on, she gave them the feeling that she stood above them all talking down on them - if only they had known what she was doing after work. 

 Every day, all secretaries left the law-office at 5 pm. The six partners always stayed longer often working into the night. Although most of the times, working wasn't the right term to describe what they were doing. Vanessa always stayed when the secretaries left and soon after one of the partners called her into his bureau. 

 The other three partners were all between 40 and 50 years old. Two of them were rather fat and unattractive but one was a sports guy with a well built body. Until now, they had been satisfied with getting a blowjob or fucking her pussy until they came. 

 Erickson always loved fucking her face making her deep throat his cock until she gagged and gurgling sounds erupted from her throat while he called her any obscenity that came to his mind. She had learned to take a cock into her throat and was able to control her gag reflex better but still not perfectly. Every time, she could handle his cock a little better, he left it in her throat a little longer pushing her limits again. She hated him for smearing her throat slime over her face and slapping her cheeks with his dick. But every time she walked out of his office she found her pussy to be dripping wet. 

 Stanton wanted to fuck her ass every time. She had gotten used to having a cock shoved up her rear passage and only felt a short sharp pain at the beginning of the intrusion until it turned into a pleasurable glowing. She had to admit that she started enjoying anal sex as it made her cum harder and longer. Therefore, she always looked forward to being called into his office as she knew she would get her own orgasm too. 

 Miller in contrast was a different story. He enjoyed teasing her, always trying to humiliate her. The first day, he came over to her when one of the other secretaries stood in her room looking for some folders she needed. He leaned over to her whispering into her ear 

 "You know that you're our office whore so why don't you dress that way, slut?" 

 "Whores don't were bras and panties!" 

 "I don't wanna see them on my little whore ever again." 

 He wasn't really whispering rather speaking loudly into her ear so that the other secretary was able to understand every word. Vanessa got goose bumps and her heart pounded in her throat. She didn't want them to know what she was doing. She wanted to be respected by them feeling superior because of her beauty not lower. But the secretary didn't react in any way absorbed with her search. 

 The next day, Vanessa didn't wear any bra or panties. First, she felt everyone's looks on her breasts as if they could see her nipples but she knew she only imagined it. 

 When she stood in the office kitchen chatting with one of her workmates, Miller came in making himself a coffee. Suddenly, he let his spoon drop onto the floor. He looked at Vanessa and asked with his sweetest voice 

 "Mrs. Laren could you be so kind and pick up the spoon next to you?" 

 Without further consideration, Vanessa spun around turning her back to the other woman. Being used to wearing trousers most of the time, she leaned forward to pick up the spoon. 

 She gasped in horror. 

 She had just remembered that she was wearing no thong. A cold shower ran down her spine when she felt the hem of her skirt rise up to her ass cheeks. She only hoped that it wouldn't reveal her bare pussy. As fast as she could, she grabbed the spoon and gave it to Miller who smiled knowingly at her. Turning back to her workmate, she didn't seem to have noticed anything. Maybe, she had been lucky. It was all Vanessa could hope for sighing in relief when she saw no reaction from her workmate. 

 Then, she felt her nipples straining. In total surprise, she realized that her nipples had become hard and were showing off against the fabric of the blouse. It was highly visible but this only made them strain even more. And now, it wasn't possible to hide it from the other secretary anymore although the elder woman tried to show no reaction. 

 The third day, Miller called her into his bureau at 3 pm. All her colleagues were still at work but he didn't care. When she stepped into his room, he looked sternly into her eyes 

 "Open your blouse slut!" her ordered. 

 Vanessa didn't move. His voice had been so loud anyone passing by outside could have heard it. 

 "It's too early," she whispered back. 

 "I don't care what time it is. You're the office whore so behave like it!" he answered his voice becoming even louder. 

 Vanessa's heart began beating faster. 

 What if his secretary came in? 

 Her secret would be revealed. She shivered imagining the derogatory gazes from them. 

 "Do it bitch!" 

 The uncompromising tone in his voice told her that there was no way out. Slowly, her hands wandered up to her blouse and started unbuttoning it. Her fingers were shivering barely managing to open the blouse. When she had completely opened it, Miller ordered her to present her boobs to him and start massaging them. 

 Reluctantly, Vanessa let her hands run over her neck, her crimson painted long fingernails slightly scratching her soft delicate skin. Reaching her ample luscious tits, she pressed them together from the sides with her long nailed hands making them look even bigger. Bending forward, she presented her goods to Miller. Then, she started softly kneading her mounds of flesh beginning at the base and slowly massaging her way towards her sensitive pink nipples. Despite - or probably because of - the risk of getting discovered, her nipples were already hard standing erect like little troopers. She pinched and pulled them softly with her crimson nails making them as hard as little diamonds. Closing her eyes, a low moan escaped her lips. 

 "Get on your knees slut! Hold your tits and crawl over to me!" Miller bellowed his new instruction. 

 Surprising herself, Vanessa quickly sank to her knees. She held her long manicured hands like to half shells under her heavy globes lifting them up a little bit and started crawling towards him with her back upright. This new pose of submission gave her an unexpected rush of excitement making her entire skin tickle from anticipation of what was about to happen and fear of getting caught. 

 "Why do I enjoy being so submissive?" Vanessa asked herself briefly before Miller caught her attention again. 

 He had stood up from his chair when she had reached his feet. While she looked submissively up into his cold blue eyes, he ordered 

 "Get my cock out!" 

 Without hesitation, she reached to his zipper with her hands. 

 "I didn't allow you to use your hands." he bellowed his voice turning loud again. 

 "Get them back under your fucktits, slut!" 

 Vanessa obeyed quickly hoping to stop him from shouting. In her position, the only way to open his zipper was with her mouth. She could clearly imagine how humiliating the scene must look - a young stunningly beautiful secretary kneeling in front of her boss holding her big firm tits up to him for inspection while opening his zipper submissively with her teeth. 

 Nevertheless, she didn't hesitate. However, it was a task hard to fulfil. She needed several tries until she had figured out a way to open his pants. She had to shove the covering piece of fabric to the side with her nose. Then, she had to raise the slider by running her tongue under it and finally, she had to grab the slider with her teeth to pull it down. Miller enjoyed this actions tremendously. All the while, he commented her efforts deprecatingly. 

 "Come on, little whore! A real ho needs to know how to open men's pants." 

 "You can't open my zipper but wanna be our office whore? You'll need a lot of training bitch." 

 "Show me that you're useful for one thing at least, dirty skank!" 

 When she finally had his zipper open, Miller patted her onto her cheek saying 

 "Well done! You're a good little whore." 

 Vanessa felt a wave of pride rushing through her body at these words, the humiliating words before almost forgotten. From day to day she felt more elation in making these men happy. 

 His pants finally open, Miller revealed his fully erect cock. His steely hard shaft stuck almost horizontally out from his well-toned body. From its narrow slit at the end of the almost purple head pre-cum gushed out dropping down in long thick strings. At once, Vanessa's tongue darted out and caught them in the air. She smeared the drops of lust over her lips looking up into Miller's eyes. The sight in front of him increased his excitement so much that more and more pre-cum gushed out linking her infatuating beautiful face with his hard pole like a chain. Grabbing his pulsating tool with her right nicely manicured hand, she pushed it to her mouth and took its head inside. Her velvet soft lips engulfed Miller's cock making it strain even more. She worked on it for some time letting her warm, wet tongue dance over his piss slit, sucking on its head and pushing the shaft deep into her mouth. She let it pop out of her mouth and licked down the length of his engorged cock to his balls making it nice and wet. Opening her lips wide, she took one ball into her mouth. Bathing it in her saliva, she tasted their salty sweaty aroma. 

 "Enough! It's time to give your fuck tits the appropriate treatment, slut!" Miller interrupted her work panting hard. Her blowing skills had almost driven him mad with prurience. 

 He made her push her small hands against her firm boobs from the sides pressing them together. This way, a deep canyon formed between her globes. With a groan he pushed his cock between the soft flesh and started fucking her big fun bags. He wrapped her long red hair around his hand and pushed her head down so that she was looking right onto her tits. Opening her lips, the cock head thrust into her mouth every time it shot out of the canyon. Her soft mounds of flesh felt like velvet caressing Miller's tender dick. With the other hand, he reached for her erect nipple pinching it roughly. Vanessa closed her eyes. The sensations spread from her tits down towards her cunt. She wanted to touch her pussy and rub her clit but she didn't dare to let her boobs go. The craving increased and she became horny feeling how her pussy started flowing over. 

 After several minutes, Miller couldn't hold out any longer and began groaning louder. 

 "Look at me, skank! Take my cum on your slutty face!" 

 He pulled away from her fuck tits and aimed at her face. When he reached his climax, his cock exploded with cream. Stream after stream jetted out of it landing on her face coating it with white strings. Vanessa opened her mouth and the third blast flew right into it. 

 "Lick me clean!" 

 Vanessa leaned her head forward taking his cock into her mouth and licking the remnants of cum off it. Finished with that task, she opened her mouth wide, showing the cum. She closed her lips and swallowed it in one gulp showing her empty mouth afterwards. 

 "You're really a good little whore!" Miller said soothingly stroking her cheek "But we're not finished." 

 He ordered her to get up and face the corner of the room that was opposite the door. She had to lean forward pressing her hands against the wall pushing her ass out until her skirt had risen up above her ass. He made her spread her legs wide so that her pussy lips opened slightly. They already glistened in the sun light. 

 "Don't dare to move!" was all he said before he was gone out of the room. 

 Vanessa didn't know what was happening to her. She was standing alone in Miller's bureau during working time. Facing the wall, she couldn't see what was happening and didn't know who would come into the room. Even worse, her luscious big boobs hung out of her open blouse, her skirt was hiked up so her pussy was visible to everyone and cum coated her face dripping off it. 

 She only prayed that no client or especially no secretary would walk in. They already didn't like her and would love to see her in this revealing position. She could very well imagine their derogative smiles. Her heart was beating impossibly fast and she caught herself counting the seconds she was standing there. She could feel the heat rising to her head turning her face red of shame and humiliation but also of pleasant anticipation. 

 Who would let someone do such humiliating things to oneself? She asked herself. 

 

 Only a whore, a cheap dirty whore. 

 But she was no cheap whore. She was a beauty, she could be a model, she was high-class. 

 The seconds didn't seem to pass and still Vanessa stood in the corner presenting her goods to everyone walking in. After what seemed like hours, her mind screamed 

 "Please come back! Please, I'll do anything for you bastard but please come back. I'll be your willing whore! I'm the office whore! A dirty whore!" 

 But no sound came over her lips. She felt humiliated beyond imagination but at the same time her boobs were tingling from arousal and she knew that her pussy was getting wetter and wetter every second she remained standing at the wall. At least, she was following Miller's orders making him happy. 

 "He'll be pleased with me." she thought. 

 Half an hour later, Vanessa was still leaning against the wall trembling. The craving had built up further and further. She had become horny as hell and needed relief now. She didn't care about the situation anymore. She didn't care about who was coming into the room. All she was yearning for was a cock thrusting into her holes extinguishing the ache torturing her, driving her mad. 

 Suddenly, the door opened and someone walked inside. Her heart skipped a beat. She couldn't see who it was. She only prayed that it was Miller. 

 Starting to turn her head to see who it was Miller's voice ordered her to keep her face straight forward. A wave of relief flooded her body. She was indescribably thankful to him for letting no one else walk into his office. Right now, she would do anything to show him her gratefulness. 

 "Thanks!" she quietly whispered. 

 Miller heard her words and answered 

 "Don't be too thankful too early. I brought someone along to watch my submissive slut." 

 Instantly, goose bumps were back on her skin. Her heart thumbed louder than ever before. She couldn't stand the nescience anymore. Turning her head around, she finally saw Miller's companion. 

 It was Stanton. 

 Again relief rushed through her body. No stranger, no secretary. 

 But instantly, she knew that Miller would go on playing with her and next time he would further increase the thrill. She couldn't imagine what he had planned for the next time. All she knew was that she wouldn't come away so easily again. 

 Strangely, this realisation sent a new shiver of anticipation through her spine. She was still yearning for relief. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 03 ****** byCathartico© The next second, she could hear a zipper. Finally, she would get what she was craving. 

 When Stanton reached her, he laid his hard thick cock onto her ass crack waiting for her reaction. Vanessa couldn't wait any longer. Only a few seconds later she begged him 

 "Please, have mercy with your slut! Give me your cock! Do whatever you want with your whore but stick your cock in me! Please!" 

 A smile spread over his face and he lifted his dick off her ass crack. Vanessa sighed in relief bracing herself for the coming intrusion into her overflowing cunt. Then she felt Miller's cock pushing. Without any lube he pressed his thick shaft against her tight puckered asshole. It was completely dry but he didn't care. Wide eyed in terror, pain clearly visible in her eyes, Vanessa started wiggling her butt away from his cock. She let out a yelp 

 "Nooo, not like that! Oh God! No... Please, make me wet first... please... ooow..." 

 Vanessa's pleads turned into out right crying as Stanton ignored her and went on pushing hard against her little starfish that started slightly giving way to the constant pushing. 

 Stanton leaned forward until his mouth was next to her ear and said 

 "Remember where you are? You better stay quiet or do you want all your workmates to rush in here seeing you like that?" 

 Vanessa could feel her skin burning when she realized that all secretaries were still at work. Still, the pain was immense as she laid her head against the wall. She could barely stop herself from crying out loud. It felt like her ass would be ripped apart. She bit down on her lower lip so hard that she could taste blood oozing out of it and rivers of tears started rolling down her cheeks. 

 Her anal muscles fought hard but they stood no chance against the immense pressure. Finally, his hard cock broke through her anal ring with a plopping sound. But the pain didn't stop so soon. 

 Stanton went down balls deep in her unprepared dry ass chute in one motion and afterwards pushed completely out of her asshole again. At once her rear hole closed shut. But again, he pushed his cock mercilessly inside this time with even more pressure. Vanessa yelled out biting onto her lower lip to muffle the scream. Stanton went on unimpressed going into her ass balls deep and pulling completely out. He repeated this not once or twice but over and over to whimpering sounds coming from Vanessa. Slowly, his rigid member stretched her puckered rear orifice wide. 

 Every time he pulled completely out of her ass, her sphincter closed again, every time a little less tight. And every time he pushed back in, Vanessa yelped out in pain until her muscles surrendered and a gape started forming. 

 She had no chance other than to endure this brutalizing of her asshole. She couldn't even rub her clit to decrease the pain as she had to keep her arms leaned against the wall to keep standing. Her legs wobbled hard under the ongoing thrusts. She wanted to groan, to release some of her feelings. But she bit down onto her lip again, fear of discovery too high. 

 Stanton loved what he saw. He enjoyed seeing women's asses gape. He thought it was the cutest thing on earth to pop his cock through a woman's tight anal ring watching it disappear into her rectum and then to see her ass chute stretching out until it gaped wide and he was able to look deep into her colon framed by a ring of red angry flesh. He loved stretching the tight sphincter to the max until he could spit right into the opened tunnel watching it slowly travelling down into darkness. And this was exactly what he could see now. 

 When he was satisfied with looking down her anal passage, he pushed his engorged cock back in and started ramming her relentlessly. He fucked her asshole hard and rough for the next 15 minutes not giving her a break. After a while, he grabbed her hair in his left hand using it as a rein and started spanking her ass cheeks hard with his right hand. 

 This added a new sting of pain to the stabbing agony that every thrust into her dry asshole caused. Each blow stung harder then the last and soon her ass was red and sensitive to the touch. Every time he slammed his dick up her ass, his body would land against her raw ass making the pain even more excruciating. To Vanessa's amazement she could feel how the continuous stretching of her anal muscles started adding pleasure to the pain mixing with it and creating an entire new feeling that turned her snatch wet with excitement again. 

 Stanton realized this too, ramming three fingers into her pussy. This set her off. A lightning exploded inside her head blinding her for a second, consuming all her senses. Her pussy hole quivered to the grunting sounds coming out of her mouth. She could literally see stars in front of her eyes and her skin prickled as if it was set under electricity. 

 Stanton went on sliding his three fingers in and out of her cunt while an earth shattering orgasm rocked her body. Her head started spinning overcharged with sensations. 

 Stanton added a fourth finger to open her little puffy snatch even more. Vanessa groaned in pleasure and pain when her pussy stretched as wide as her rectum but kept on cumming. It was the longest orgasm she had ever endured her twat and ass muscles constricting violently. 

 When it finally ebbed away, she was dizzy and totally drained. But Stanton still banged away on her ass. He went on for another ten minutes not slowing down a bit. 

 When he finally came, he squeezed her nipples roughly while unloading a big wad of cum into her bruised rectum. This set off another orgasm ripping vigorously through her. She couldn't hold out anymore now and let out one long loud moan. Her legs gave away under her and she dropped onto the ground. 

 Stanton had just popped his spurting member out of her stretched rectum and kept cumming right onto the ground next to her quivering body. While she breathed heavily, he grabbed her hair and forced her up onto her hands and knees. He ordered her to lick up his cum from the floor and pushed her head down into the pool of spunk. Vanessa lapped it up like a dog turning red in shame. She was barely able to hold herself on all fours exhaustion taking over now. 

 While completing her task, Stanton's cum had leaked out of her gaping asshole and run down her inner legs. But when she looked around in the office for some tissues to wipe it off, he ordered her to leave it exactly where it was until working time was over. He approvingly petted her head making her look up at him like a little child saying 

 "Little whore, you know you're a slut so behave like it. I want my cum gracing my whore for everyone to see!" 

 Her eyes mirrored comprehension while she looked at him. Then he turned around and walked out of Miller's office. Miller himself was already sitting behind his desk again behaving as if nothing had just happened. After some more seconds of silence, Vanessa gathered all strength left in her and got up. Smoothing down her skirt over her legs, she walked out of his bureau. 

 Walking over the floor, she felt nervousness creeping up inside hoping no secretary would come along seeing the glistening sticky goo on her legs. But her body let her down again sending a prickling wave of excitement through her body erecting her nipples one more time. 

 To be continued ... 

 Vanessa becomes the present for a freshly signed deal with some new clients... 

 *** I always appreciate feedback so tell me what you think about this story. *** Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 04 ****** byCathartico© Over the next few weeks, Vanessa got used to getting fucked once a day by one of the partners. They began turning up the wildness a notch gathering in a bureau two or three at a time banging her as hard as they could. And Vanessa could feel herself losing more and more inhibitions. 

 During the entire working day, she felt elated, a tingly itch prickling between her loins. She started betting with herself which partner would fuck her that day. Although she didn't like to admit it, she needed cock every day now to still her craving. She also started wearing more and more provocative dresses her skirts becoming shorter and her cleavage deeper. 

 With all the money she was earning now, she could afford to buy only designer clothes and lots of jewelry. She loved parading them in front of her colleagues' eyes sensing their gazes, jealous and snide looks that hardened her nipples every time, and this way earned even more looks from them. 

 She knew that the other secretaries started gossiping about her. They started calling her a slut but she loved the thought of it. She was far more beautiful, she earned more money and she could arouse any man she wanted to. 

 So who cared about these poor old women? 

 All these sensations were increasing the ache in her pussy over the day until at closing time she was so excited that she couldn't wait for a partner to call her into his bureau willing to please him any way he wanted to. 

 During the weekends, she had started prancing through shopping malls in the skimpiest dresses she could find drawing greedy gazes from men and derogative ones from their wives. She could see the women leaning over to their men calling her a skank as soon as she had passed them. She knew that the same woman would look jealous at her if she passed them with her designer clothes and jewelry the next day wishing to be in her place. 

 This discrepancy turned her on the most although she didn't really understand why. All she knew was that the thought of seeming cold and untouchable for some people while coming over as slutty and easy for others excited her tremendously. 

 The first weeks of her new job had also proven her fear of losing her boyfriend Mark as inappropriate. Over the course of the day, she became so randy that one fuck a day couldn't satisfy her lust. Coming home in the evening, she was ready to jump Mark to get another good screwing. This way, their sex life had increased rather then decreased. 

 Some days ago, she had met Maria and some of her new rich friends. She had dressed as high-class but also as tantalisingly as possible. When Maria had seen her walking up, her jaw had dropped to the floor. Even her posh new friends had been impressed by her. The men couldn't stop gazing at her stunning curves but hadn't even dared to hit on her as she gave them the impression of a posh ice queen. 

 The women on the other side had liked her formidable taste in clothes and jewelry chatting friendly with her. She had put her old friend back in her former place. Now, she was the main attraction again leaving Maria without a chance to score anymore. 

 It had given her such a sense of delight that the smile hadn't faded from her face for the next two consecutive days and she had fucked the partners more vigorously than ever before. 

 Her good mood hadn't changed until today. And today was a special day. Stanton had sealed a deal with some new affiliates and they wanted to celebrate the signing. Therefore, they had met in the penthouse of the most exclusive hotel in town and she was supposed to be the main attraction. 

 She knew exactly what Stanton was expecting of her. He wanted her to sweeten the deal for the new affiliates, to make sure that the co-operation would exist for a long time. 

 Her excitement had increased over the entire week until it had hit its peak today. Furthermore, no partner had ordered her into his bureau after work for the entire week and Stanton had ordered her to keep her hands off Mark. So she had feigned a cold and by now was ready to climb the walls from pure lust. 

 Today, she hadn't been able to concentrate on any work thinking about what was about to happen all the time. Her mind had gone wild imagining thousand different scenarios for the evening. 

 When finally work day was over, she had gone home as fast as possible to change her outfit. Luckily, Mark was gone watching some sports at a friend's house so she didn't have to answer any silly questions. She wanted to dress special for this event as it was her first and she wanted to be sure to get all the attention in the hotel. 

 After having stunned Maria's friends with her posh attitude and outfit, she had dreamt of herself dressed as slutty and whorish as possible for the upcoming meeting. She saw herself walking through the entrance hall of the exclusive hotel with all rich men sitting inside goggling after her. It had made her cum during her sleep and the anticipation had constantly aroused her over the course of the week making her juices flow. 

 This event was about to happen now and it was finally time to act out her fantasy. Today she wanted to be a true whore ready to do whatever Stanton's affiliates wished. 

 She put on a black dress that made sure to catch anyone's attention leaving few to the imagination. It basically consisted of two black straps that ran around her neck to the front parting just below. Running separately over each of her large firm boobs, they merged again just below her bellybutton. This way, her back was left free down to her tailbone and at her front the impressive canyon between her gorgeous tits and cute little bellybutton was revealed to everyone. Even from the sides the shape of her plump globes was clearly visible. 

 The lower part of the black dress slightly resembled hot pants that were barely larger than a broad belt only covering half of her ass cheeks. A zipper went from the front to the back over her pussy allowing easy access. She adorned her long tanned legs with red stockings that ended just beneath the dress. But the most striking attire was the bright red platform heels she put on screaming the word hooker. To complete her outfit, she wore very long bright red painted finger nails and cherry red lipstick. 

 The dark outfit made her red hair come into its own. Mustering herself in the mirror, she had to say to herself 

 "Girl you look ravishing. You scream "Fuck me!" from every pore. You naughty slut!" 

 On her way to the hotel, the taxi driver couldn't tear his eyes off Vanessa almost causing several accidents while watching her from his driving mirror all the time. When she finally reached the hotel, the driver's gazes had already made her juices flow. With her platform heels clicking on the pavement, her heart throbbed in her throat. Taking a last deep breath, she stepped into the entrance hall. 

 Her outfit had the effect she had been yearning for. The concierge almost dropped everything he held in his hands, his mouth gaping open. Vanessa could feel eyes scraping over her ass, her legs and her big firm breasts leaving a prickling sensation that spread over her entire body. She could see two older men that were sitting next to each other on a big couch leaning over to each other and starting to whisper just after she had passed them. She could very well imagine the words they were exchanging. 

 At a table, she could already see Stanton waiting for her. He lifted an eyebrow while watching her strutting towards her. 

 "Our slut has arrived!" he called towards her while she walked up to him 

 Vanessa could hear the men she had just passed gasping out loudly. It gave her such a kick her legs felt all wobbly for a second. 

 "It's nice to see that you're finally accepting what you are." Stanton said with a smirk on his face not taking his eyes off her body for a second. 

 "A whore, OUR whore!" 

 The two kept sitting in the entrance hall for a few minutes while Stanton slowly finished his drink. Vanessa could feel how he enjoyed the glances the men were throwing at her. He clearly relished how she displayed herself as a cheap whore to these men imagining the humiliating feelings she might experience. 

 But the opposite was the truth. Vanessa enjoyed this exposing situation as much as he did. She even ran her long red nailed right hand over her leg up to her crotch while looking deeply into the eyes of one men and smiling lasciviously. When he was finally able to tear his eyes off her, she could only laugh out loud. His gaze made a new thrill run through her body. She was more than ready for the action awaiting her. 

 Finally, Stanton stood up and she followed him to the elevators. Inside the lift, he suddenly pulled a dog collar with a leash attached out of his jacket. 

 Ceremoniously, he fastened it around her neck looking deeply into her eyes. Vanessa didn't flinch or back away. She knew that this was the final step. Now, she completely looked like Stanton's obedient whore - at least for tonight. Tomorrow, she would be the posh bitch again. It felt elating giving her a warm glow of pride - pride of being able to stimulate and give pleasure to any man. 

 When they stepped out of the lift into the penthouse, Vanessa took in the whole room. It was large and divided into different areas, in one corner stood a big sized couch and a bar in the other one. Three men were sitting at the bar having a drink and talking with each other. It was a white, a Hispanic and a black man in their forties. They were called Trent, Tony and Curtis as she found out later. 

 The moment, Stanton led her into the penthouse on the leash making her strut behind him they fell silent looking expectantly at her. Stanton made her stand next to him before he said 

 "This is our little whore for the evening. She'll do everything you'll want. Don't ask just do it! She's a dirty slut to the core needing to be treated roughly. You wanna fuck her ass? The whore will beg you to! You wanna slap her tits? The bitch will urge you on! Just do what you like!" 

 When he finished his little speech, Stanton looked at her expectantly asking 

 "Is that right, little whore?" and she knew exactly what he wanted to hear. 

 "Yes sir!" she answered looking cockily into the men's eyes. "I'll do whatever you say, sir! I'll be a good whore for you!" 

 While Stanton spoke of her so derogatively, a slight wave of fear surged through her body. 

 Had she underestimated Stanton? What would they do to her? 

 Her first impulse was to run away but she knew there was no way out. Astonishing herself, she could feel how those degrading words made her wet. 

 Surprisingly, the men didn't jump right at her. Only one of them rose up. 

 "Give us a show, skanky bitch!" he commanded yanking hard on the leash. 

 "Yes, sir! she answered while balancing on her red platform heels to remain standing. 

 The guy's demanding tone was all that was needed to get Vanessa going. She slowly walked over to the couch wiggling her butt seductively. Reaching the sofa, she came to a halt. Moving her hips in a circle, she slowly opened the zipper covering her pussy. She bent forward giving them a good view of her cunt spreading her already moistened pussy lips open with her fingers. 

 Turning around, she slowly started stripping. After getting rid of the dress, she began running her hands over her luscious big melons. She teased her nipples running her long red fingernails over the deeply tanned flesh until Curtis, the black guy, commanded rudely 

 "Pinch and twist'em hard, ho!" 

 "Yes, sir!" 

 First, she grabbed her nipples with her long red claws rolling them between them. Then she started pinching them but not the way the guys wanted. 

 "Harder, bitch! I wanna see those tits jiggling! Or do you want me to demonstrate it?" 

 The crude tone in his voice scared Vanessa and she wasn't keen on him showing her what he meant with 'hard'. But she could also feel her clit tingling from the harsh words. 

 "No sir, thank you sir!" 

 She pinched with all her might and twisted. A gasp escaped her mouth when the unexpected pain hit her. While pressing her little pink sensitive nipples together, she made her large inviting boobs bounce up and down which only increased the pressure on her nipples. It hurt like hell and her face turned into a grimace. But only a second later, she could also feel a tingle in her breasts. 

 After some time, Vanessa started getting into her task. She pulled on her nipples as hard as she could making them protrude off her chest while still pinching them. She started moaning slightly. The harder she twisted her nipples, the more the tingling sensation in her tits increased. 

 Looking over to the men, the approving look on Curtis' face made her cunt juices flow. 

 "Spread your pussy for us to look inside!" was the next command this time from the white guy Trent. 

 Vanessa sank down onto the couch and opened her legs wide. She wanted to give them a show they would never forget. She found herself mentally more and more submissive to these men. She felt a tremendous urge to please them, an urge to give them a special treat no matter what she had to do. So she plunged the index finger of each hand into her wet hole spreading her pussy lips apart while rubbing her little clit with a long nailed thumb. Her little box opened giving view to the dark tunnel behind and her ass started wiggling on the coach on its own. 

 She realized that she was already close to cumming, without any penetration, simply from showing off to these strangers and getting talked about derogatively. For a second, she wondered how this could have happened to her. 

 "More!" ordered the guy putting an end to her thoughts and Vanessa obeyed at once. 

 She plunged both her middle fingers into her pussy making it four fingers deep inside her hot box. Then she started pulling on her cunt walls with more pressure. She could feel pain welling up from her cunt when her lips started stretching but she didn't care. She was in a sexual frenzy now. All she cared about was pleasing these unknown men and getting her burning inner fire quenched. 

 The men were already able to look deep inside her dark tunnel when Trent ordered 

 "Fist yourself!" 

 Vanessa had never done anything like that before and she hesitated for a second. 

 "Now!" he yelled "Or do you want my fist instead!" 

 Vanessa gulped when looking at his big meaty hands. 

 "No sir!" she answered quickly. 

 "Please, let me fist myself for you, sir!" 

 She quickly jammed three fingers of her right hand into her sopping hole. Her hand almost worked on her own while her mind still debated why she did all this. 

 Why did she obey to everything they ordered so quickly? Why did she get wet from their derogative words? Why did she enjoy being a fucktoy so much? 

 Because this is what you truly are! A new voice answered inside her head. A voice she had never heard before. You're a whore and whore's love to give pleasure to anyone anywhere in any way. Fulfilling a man's command is the greatest gift a whore can get. 

 Right now, this new voice sounded perfectly right. She needed, she wanted to give these men the show of their lives. 

 Concentrating on her hand again, she added a fourth finger and started twisting them around inside her cunt to spread her juices around her lips. She sighed for a moment before she finally drove her thumb into her cunt in one swift motion. She grunted loudly, as much from pain as from pleasure, and at the same second she came. 

 A surge of bliss rushed through her body causing her to scream out loudly. Unconsciously, her free hand wandered up to her plump ripe left boob pinching her rock hard nipple with all her might adding pain but also prolonging her orgasm. While wave after wave of pleasure rocked her body, she closed her eyes simply enjoying the sensations. 

 Opening her eyes again, Vanessa saw the black man Curtis standing in front of her. 

 "You're here to please us not yourself." he said. "A whore never hesitates!" "A whore never cares about her own pleasure. "All she cares about are the men giving her the honour of using her, don't you agree?" 

 "Yes, sir! I'm sorry, sir!" 

 "So you think that you need to be punished?" 

 Vanessa had to gulp again. Curtis was a huge man hovering over her, his face distorted from anger. She had never felt so intimidated before. 

 "Yes, sir!" she stammered. "Please, punish me. I deserve to be punished." 

 Not waiting a second longer, Curtis grabbed her arm and yanked it out of her fully stuffed cunt. 

 The loud slurp was immediately followed by the feeling of getting slugged in the stomach ending her orgasm for good. Vanessa distinctly heard herself scream out! But it wasn't over by far. 

 The next moment, Curtis had made a fist and drove it, without warning, past the wrist into her womb. She screamed out again, this time even louder. She grabbed his arm trying to pull on it but to no avail. He was far stronger than her simply continuing to ream her cunt. He stretched her wider than she had ever imagined making her wiggle around to ease the discomfort. But she could also hear the squishing sounds coming from her hot box. 

 She already started getting wet again! 

 The pleasure on the inside juxtaposed with the pain on the outside and started mixing to become one arousing feeling. Curtis turned around to look at the other men and told them with a grin 

 "Guess we have to fuck the slut up her ass! That puss is unusable now, totally stretched out!" 

 The comment made the guys laugh and the imagination of all these four guys ravaging her little asshole spread new excitement through Vanessa's body. Before this sensation could built up any further, Curtis withdrew his fist from her cunt as suddenly as he had rammed it inside. 

 He kept standing in front of her looking into her eyes waiting for her to react. Before it even dawned on Vanessa what he was waiting for, her mouth had already opened and she said with a submissive voice 

 "Thank you, sir! Thank you for training me to be a better whore." 

 Her immediate subconscious reaction thrilled and frightened her at the same time. The new voice in her head seemed truer than ever before. 

 Curtis only nodded stepping to the side. At that moment, the Hispanic Tony who had been pretty reserved until now stepped up to her and said 

 "That was a hot show, dirty bitch! But it's time for some real action. We better use that slutty mouth first, just a face hole nothing more!" 

 Vanessa smiled at him lasciviously licking her lips around her "face hole" as he liked to call it. Although her pussy stung, his humiliating words and the prospect of all the things about to come made her hot. 

 Tony grabbed her at the shoulders and flipped her body easily around on the couch making her lie with the back on the sofa her head hanging off of it. This was an unfamiliar position for Vanessa that caused blood to rush into her head making her slightly dizzy. 

 She knew what he wanted so she parted her red full lips opening her mouth. He didn't hesitate ramming his hardening dick into her mouth. In one single thrust, he went down into her throat. Her awkward position gave him the perfect angle to fuck her throat. And that was exactly what he did! 

 Relentlessly, he crammed his large thick cock into her throat his balls slapping against her nose shutting it close. He pounded her throat like it was a cunt causing gurgling sounds to escape Vanessa's throat. She was gagging and choking constantly without any chance to stop it, tears springing into her eyes. With every thrust in, spit dabbled out of her mouth. Thick white drool started running up her face in rivers. It ran into her nose and into her eyes making it impossible for her to see. 

 After some minutes of this throat pumping, he groaned out load and his rod exploded inside her mouth. He shot wad after wad of sperm down her throat. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 04 ****** byCathartico© When he was done, he was quickly replaced by another guy. With all the slobber in her eyes, Vanessa couldn't tell who it was but his tool was extremely large and thick. Then she heard the voice of the black man whispering into her ear. 

 "You slut will love my cock! It's 13" long and 4" thick and it'll go all the way down your throat! If you want it or not!" 

 Vanessa's heart skipped a beat. She had never even seen a cock as big before. He would destroy her throat ... and her ass! The thought of a shaft as big as her wrist getting shoved into her tiny puckered ass made her gulp giving her goose bumps. 

 But she wasn't in a position to argue as he already started stuffing his mighty tool down her throat. At least he went in slowly. When it hit the entrance to her throat, there were at least 8" left to go. And he wasn't letting her off going steadily deeper. Vanessa started rubbing her clit with her fingers distracting her mind from the dick in her mouth. Inch by inch disappeared down her throat stretching it to the limit to accommodate the massive intruder. With ten inches in, gurgling sounds came out of her mouth again and new spit drooled out of the corners of her mouth. Curtis didn't stop though. When another inch went in, Vanessa suddenly heaved and puked on the cock. Yellowish puke came out of her mouth. For that, he slapped her face once. 

 "No one said you could puke bitch!" 

 Still, it didn't stop him from cramming all of his massive black meat into her mouth. Vanessa kept gagging constantly her throat violently contracting against the invading meat. When her lips were finally pressed tightly against his balls, he let out a yell. 

 "Ooooh, fuck! You're some fucking bitch. No slut could ever take me down completely before! Fuckin' whore!" 

 Vanessa's eyes were wide open as Curtis pushed his tight fitted cock back and forth in her stretched gullet. 

 "Yeaaah! Your throat is so tight!" 

 After some strokes, Curtis finally pulled his cock from the depths of Vanessa's throat so she could get a quick breath. Then he lowered his massive glistening shaft right into her mouth again. He shoved his giant black cock all the way down her throat in one motion. 

 Meanwhile, Vanessa worked four fingers feverishly into her cunt. Being the only whore to ever give him this pleasure made her extremely hot and lust swept over her body. Curtis began sliding his big black tool up and down fucking Barbara's throat with his stiff 13". Her tiny oral passage squeezed his 4" thick shaft so hard that he couldn't take it for a long time. He quickly pulled out of her throat positioning his dick between her lips and releasing a huge wad of cum. Vanessa had no choice but to swallow the whole jizzload as it burst deep down her throat. 

 Vanessa needed some time to catch a breath and get back to her senses after lying head down for so long. But Trent was still waiting for his turn. 

 When he stepped up to her, she willingly got back into position opening her throat invitingly for him. After having been such a great whore for the other two, she wanted him to enjoy her just as much. So she tried to entice him 

 "Give me your nice hard cock! I want that dick deep in my slutty throat. Treat me like the skank I am! Fuck my face, fuck it like a cunt!" 

 Again, she surprised herself with her own words. Talking this way seemed to become more and more natural for her and she liked the effect it had on the men as Trent hurried over to her and plunged his rigid cock into her mouth. This time, she actually helped working her lips and throat trying to swallow the entire rod. Tony pushed down starting to slide his dick up and down fucking her face in a rapid pace. Vanessa grabbed his ass using both hands and pulled him towards her with every inward thrust forcing his shaft all the way down her throat. 

 While he continued pounding her face, she worked her index finger into his ass making him groan out. This gave him the rest and he sprayed her mouth with sperm. Without request, she gulped down his sticky load slowly getting used to the taste of cum. 

 Again, Vanessa needed to catch her breath for a moment. Then she wiped the slobber out of her eyes and got up off the couch. The men had settled back at the bar so she fell onto her hands and knees and crawled over to them. One after the other, she took all three flaccid dicks into her mouth cleaning them and bathing their balls till their were shiny. Then she thanked all of them. 

 She had survived the first round but there were more to go... 

 ---- 

 The guests had another drink while Vanessa was ordered to clean her face. She walked into the bathroom ready to go on. After washing her face and applying new make-up and lipstick, she returned, Stanton already waiting for her. 

 "It's time to give our guests another show, little whore." he said. 

 "Get your slutty ass over to the bar and sit on a stool." 

 Walking over to the bar with her red fuck-me platform heels making clicking sounds on the floor, she realized how exhausted she already was. And they had only come once yet. 

 Stanton made her sit on a barstool leaning her chest forward against the back and putting her feet on the bar that connected a front and rear leg. This way, her big firm tits hung between the back and the seat while her ass stood out far over the seat. This bent position made her round firm ass cheeks stand out like ripe globes presenting her pussy and butthole in full glory. 

 "Hands on your ass, whore." he ordered. 

 Stanton made her spread her ass cheeks as far as possible giving full excess to her holes. With her ample fucktits hanging freely off her chest, her bright red long fingernails silhouetted sluttily against her golden ass cheeks and her little puckered asshole winking at the men, she was a sight to be hold. 

 Turning her head back, Vanessa could see the amazed faces of the guys gazing at her beauty almost drooling over her body. This gave her a kick and she could feel her pussy quivering with anticipation of what was about to happen. 

 Stanton stepped up at her and told her in a stern voice 

 "It's time to give your ass the well deserved workout! Tell us what you want us to do!" 

 Vanessa looked directly at the men sitting at the bar a fire of lust sparkling in her eyes when she answered with a voice dripping of passion. 

 "I want you to fuck my ass, sir. I want you to rip my tiny asshole open!" 

 Her words had the desired effect as she could see the guys' cocks growing back to full length. 

 "Do you want us to pull a train on your ass? Do you want us to wreck that ass? Do you want us to make you scream?" Stanton went on with his rude tone. 

 Still holding her position, Vanessa was shuddering. 

 "Yes, please, sir. I'm a slut! I'm your whore! I want you to pound my whorish ass till it's raw, please!" she answered her sparkling green eyes teasing them, awaiting her assfucking impatiently. 

 She could read from the look on their faces that they were astonished by this slut. 

 Stanton didn't wait long. He ordered her to keep her hands spreading her ass cheeks all the time before he ran his hard straining member over her pussy to gather up some fluid and pressing it against her puckered bunghole. Vanessa's little starfish resisted for a few seconds but she had gotten used to his cock learning to relax. When it popped through her sphincter, she let out a moan. 

 Stanton didn't stop for long though pushing in balls deep. Not giving her a rest, he began hammering her ass chute with a vengeance. Every thrust pushed her against the back of the stool making her plump jugs jiggle around. He rammed her ass so hard, that she was afraid of falling down from the barstool wanting to grip the back with her hands. But she resisted this urge remembering her order. In this immobile, totally helpless position, all she could do was scream out loud to release her pent-up feelings. 

 "Oooooooh!..." Yeaaah!..." "Fuck me! FUCK ME! Ram my ass hard!" 

 For at least 10 minutes, he brutalized her ass chute non-stop. All the while, his balls slapped against her pussy with every stroke making it run over with juice. Then he pulled out. A huge gape appeared and Stanton spit deep inside Vanessa's open rectum. 

 Next, he invited the other men to do the same. Vanessa hadn't noticed them walking up behind her but she could feel three globs of spit travelling down her rectal highway. Stanton pushed back in but after a few thrust, he pulled out again. Then suddenly, Vanessa screamed out loud in agony. 

 Without her notice, Stanton had taken a black 11" long 3" thick dildo in his hand and rammed it into her colon in one motion. Her sphincter hadn't been prepared for such a thick intruder and was roughly stretched wide. 

 Stanton didn't give her a break though pulling the dildo out of her abused asshole and drove his own member straight in again. He continued this alternately hammering his own dick and next the thick dildo into her bunghole turning her anal ring totally loose. The other guys egged him on to go with even more force. 

 "Fuck her! Fuck her until her asshole is wide open! We wanna see her heart thru it!!" 

 Vanessa's rear hole was ravaged so savagely, but the balls on her pussy brought such intense pleasure, she felt like going insane. She had never felt these to emotions in such an intense way. She couldn't tell what was more vigorous, the pain or the pleasure. Together, it made her scream louder from lust than ever before. 

 Unconsciously, her hand left her ass cheek and started fiddling her glowing clit. A stinging slap turning her ass cheek bright red was the answer and this further pain made her cum hard. 

 She couldn't tell if it was one long orgasm or several but she kept on cumming as long as Stanton went on ravishing her bunghole. 

 Finally, he tensed and shot his load deep into her colon. He quickly pulled out of her gaping ass chute and walked up to her. He put his dick in front of her face and ordered her to suck on it. Without hesitation, Vanessa lunged forward swallowing the hot throbbing rod. Only then it registered in her brain that this cock had just been deep in her rectum! Her stomach heaved. 

 In a little corner of her mind a voice screamed I don't want to do such a disgusting thing. It's vile and dirty. But the bigger part of her mind simply enjoyed the new degradation. The voice was not loud enough to control her body anymore 

 "Take my dick right from your dirty ass, slut! A whore like you needs to taste her ass!" Stanton hissed at her bringing a smile to her face without her knowledge. 

 She was completely concentrated on milking the cum out of his straining tool. She could taste the bitter flavour from her own ass, very earthy and musky and knew she would never forget this taste. 

 Ultimately, Stanton flooded her mouth with jizz. He made her lick his member clean until all of her anal aroma had gone from it. 

 "Show them what you earned!" he ordered. 

 She obediently opened her mouth showing his sticky load to the other men. She swallowed it in one big gulp opening her mouth afterwards to prove that it was all gone. The guests clapped at her performance and automatically she said 

 "Thank you for letting me taste my ass, sir." 

 Stanton patted her on her head like a little dog and said appraisingly 

 "You're a good little whore! Well done fuckslut! I know you liked the taste of your ass." 

 Vanessa couldn't agree with him about the taste of her anal remnants but their cheers made her proud spreading a naughty smile over her lips. 

 "Yes, sir! I love the taste of my ass. Give me more of it." she answered. 

 As soon as Stanton stepped away from her, Trent drove his rigid cock into her now loosened asshole. Vanessa started slightly moaning but was soon shut up by Tony's cock getting pushed into her mouth. At once, she wrapped her lips around it sucking on the shaft and letting her tongue swirl around its head. Tony began fondling her big fucktits wrapping his hands around them and squeezing them together while flicking his thumbs over her nipples. She lost track of all the hands and cocks touching or fucking her. Sensations and pleasure were simply everywhere overwhelming her mind. 

 After several minutes the two changed positions. Tony let his shaft pop out of her mouth walking to her backside and thrusting his rigid dick straight into her well travelled bunghole making her yelp out. 

 Meanwhile, Trent walked up to her face and pushed his cock into her mouth. Vanessa didn't care anymore where it had been before. She was getting used to the bitter taste by now. 

 She had to admit that the dirtier the acts she performed, the more it turned her on. She was a special whore, the perfect whore - naughty but gorgeous. 

 It didn't take long till she felt the warmth of Trent's cum spraying the insides of her mouth making her gulp down another wad of sperm. A few minutes later she could feel Tony tense too. She started getting into being depraved and turned around looking at him. While running her tongue lasciviously over her lips, she asked 

 "Do you want this filthy bitch to lick your dick clean, too? Let me taste my ass! Shove that big hard cock in my slutty mouth!" 

 She didn't have to ask him twice as he hurried to her front. She could see some of her anal slime glistening on his hard tool before he jammed his pulsing meat down her throat. 

 Again, the musky aroma spread in her mouth but she didn't mind. Doing such filthy things in front of these strangers started arousing her. In her mind, the vile taste became associated with the disbelieving horny lust-driven looks of men she received when performing such dirty acts and by now the mere thought of doing ass to mouth aroused her. 

 After she had been awarded with another jizz bomb and swallowed it all, she thoroughly licked his softening member clean almost savouring the strong earthy taste. 

 Awaiting the next cock, Vanessa spread her ass cheeks wide again. But suddenly, she was lifted up by her shoulders. Back on her feet, she almost dropped to the floor, no strength left in her legs. Looking up, her eyes met Curtis'. 

 "Ready to get your ass split?" he asked with a grin on his face. 

 Vanessa felt a chill running down her spine feeling her already sore ass. 

 "It's too loose right now. So we better tighten it again." Curtis went on. 

 Vanessa looked at him quizzically not understanding what he meant when he lowered her down making her lie on the ground with her back. Then he pushed her legs up until they touched the ground next to her head forcing her body to clasp together like a Swiss knife. This thrust her ass high up into the air and Vanessa had to push her hands against her back to keep herself in this position. 

 "Yeah, put the fuckslut in the piledriver position!" Tony egged him on. 

 In her position, her now bright pink and puckered ass was pressed close although her asshole was still gaping slightly. Grabbing his massive black tool, he put the tip right at the entrance to her asshole and started pressing. The 3" thick cock looked even larger hovering about her tightly pinched sphincter. Vanessa yelped out in pain as she felt her bunghole give way to the massive cock, stretching it wider and wider. 

 Oh God! No ... Oh Noooo!" she screamed. 

 To Vanessa, it felt like an eternity until Curtis was balls deep in her ass. She could feel her ass slowly giving way, the thin ring cracking under the enormous intruder. 

 A couple of times he pushed in slowly then, with one hard thrust, he started pounding away. He rammed her ass chute good and deep ripping her sphincter open with every thrust. Meanwhile, he pressed his huge thump onto her tiny clit rubbing it steadily. 

 This brought a new wave of sensations over her body. Pain mixed with pleasure and spread everywhere. Again, she felt this new feeling she could not classify. All she knew was that she couldn't get enough of it. Vanessa was reduced to whimpering and moaning at the same time as he fucked her with abandon. 

 Without any built up she came. Again, she came - despite the pain. She was not able to tell how many times it had been up until now. 

 A couple of times during his onslaught, Curtis ordered her to spread her ass cheeks and pulled out completely leaving a giant gaping hole although her legs were tightly pressed together. 

 "Look at this fuckin' asshole, man!" he remarked when all four guys came up to stare into her wide-open rectum. 

 "Nice ass, bitch!" 

 He rammed his giant black meat back inside balls deep in one forceful motion that rocked Vanessa's body a few inches over the floor. The force of this thrust made her explode yet again in another earth shattering orgasm. 

 When it subsided, she was dizzy from having cum so often and she couldn't tell how long Curtis was fucking her in this position. Finally, he began tensing pulling his massive member out of her asshole and ordered 

 "Spread that fuckin' ass wide!" 

 Vanessa obeyed at once plunging both her index finger into the gaping crater that once had been her tiny puckered asshole and pulled her anal ring even wider. With a grunt, Curtis sprayed his goo all over her ass, some of it landing deep inside her colon. 

 She looked up to the guys and decided to add a little more nastiness to their show. Pulling her fingers out of her asshole she scraped up the cum that stuck to her buns and crotch and licked it off her fingers with pleasure. 

 "Mmmh, thank you for your cum, sir! I love your cum! It tastes so good. I want more! Give the slut more of your delicious cum!" 

 This set the men back in motion. Stanton and Trent were ready to go again holding their stiff cocks in their hands. Stanton sat down on the couch while Trent picked Vanessa up by her hair leading her over to her boss. He held his tool upwards while Vanessa lowered her pussy down onto his rigid member. Her cunt was still pretty loose from the fisting it had received earlier so she slit easily down onto his meat engulfing it completely. When he was fully inside, she could feel Trent starting to press his cock against her anus. 

 She had never been fucked in both her holes at the same time. But right now, she was more than willing to let it happen. When his dick slit through her sphincter and he started thrusting in and out, she could feel the two cocks moving inside of her only being separated by the thin skin between them. 

 She had to groan loudly. Her ass was already pretty sore after the intense reaming Curtis had just given her but it only added a little spice to her pleasure driving her even wilder. She felt as full as never before and she started grunting with every stroke Stanton or Trent were delivering. 

 The two started alternating their thrusts, one going in deep while the other pulled out. This went on for several minutes until they started driving their rods into her together at the same time. They almost completely pulled out of her dripping holes and jammed their cocks in with all their might. Every push caused a loud slapping sound when their bodies crashed against her pelvis and ass. With every inward thrust, Vanessa had to groan out loud, the impact causing her entire body to shake and tremble. 

 As soon as Stanton and Trent came pumping her holes full of gooey cum, they were replaced by Tony and Curtis. Tony sat down on the couch and pulled her backwards onto his hard member sliding it into her pink gaping asshole. There was no resistance left from her anal ring and with her legs spread her pussy stood wide open. This lasted only a few seconds though as Curtis drove his 13" cock straight into her juicy cunt. Vanessa shrieked out loud. He was so much bigger than Stanton before and filled her cunt to its capacity. 

 She would have never been able to take him in there if she hadn't been fisted before, she thought, thanking Curtis retrospectively for this favour. Again, she felt a little pride as there couldn't be a lot of girls able to take him balls deep in all three holes. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 04 ****** byCathartico© The two men proceeded fucking her relentlessly. As they had already cum two times, they needed longer until they were ready to shoot their sperm deep inside her holes and Vanessa lost track again of how many times she had cum. It felt like one long never ending orgasm to her. But she still felt the fire burning in her loins, it hadn't been quenched completely yet. Surprising herself, she had to admit that she wanted more. 

 While the guys had a rest drinking another beer, she tried stimulating them bringing their cocks back to attention. She lay down onto the couch and started rubbing her clit while adding more and more fingers into her cunt. 

 Ultimately, she had her entire hand buried in her pussy again giving herself a deep fisting. She was still so hot, she couldn't stop moaning and wiggling her butt on the sofa. She worked her hand feverishly in and out of her cunt until the final release hit her. 

 With a deep groan she let the orgasm wash over her body sinking back onto the couch. When it was gone, she felt as exhausted as never before. She barely noticed the guys standing in front of her again and clapping at her performance. 

 "Well done, whore! You're the definition of nasty! The filthiest fuckpig on earth!" 

 Trent exclaimed. 

 Vanessa felt a thrill running through her body. She had made it, she had given them the ultimate show. 

 After these hours of continuous sex, Vanessa needed some time to gather her strength. When she was finally able to get up and start walking towards the bath, Stanton's voice made her stop in her tracks. He told her 

 "Let's show the rest of the world what a little whore you are!" 

 He threw her tiny dress at her and took her purse in his hands. 

 "A dirty cheap hooker like you doesn't wash off the presents she got from her johns. She proudly shows it to everyone." 

 He didn't allow her to clean herself. Instead, he took her bright red lipstick out of her purse and stepped up to her. 

 While Vanessa was still asking herself what he had in store for her, he started writing something onto her forehead. She was so surprised that she automatically backed away. 

 "Remain still, slut!" he hissed at her and she obeyed quickly. 

 Then he dragged her into the bathroom. There, he grabbed her chin with his tight vice-like grip and made her look into the mirror. 

 Vanessa saw a picture of herself. But it was not the woman she was used to see. Her hair was totally messed and her face didn't look any better. Her skin glistened from all the cum they had shot onto her face and her mascara was smeared around her eyes. Even more cum was running out of her ass down her legs. Her tiny dress clung tightly to her wet body the curve of her ample boobs and nipples clearly showing through the thin material. 

 But the worst part was the word written in bright pink letters on her forehead. 

 

 "CUMWHORE" 

 Vanessa shook almost uncontrollably. Her body didn't know how to react. One part was ashamed and afraid of going outside but another part anticipated the lewd gazes she would earn. 

 Stanton pulled her away from the mirror. He hurried her out of the apartment and into the lift not giving her a chance to resist. 

 When the doors of the elevator opened downstairs, he gave her a shove so that she stumbled out. 

 "Goodbye little whore!" was all he said and she stood alone in the entrance hall of the exclusive hotel not believing this to be reality. 

 To be continued... 

 Vanessa gets to know a whole new life but will it be as great as imagined? Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 05 ****** byCathartico© Standing in the entrance hall, Vanessa felt like a completely different person. When she had walked into the hotel, she had loved the gazes from the men roaming over her body. She had looked like the temptation in person. Now, she stood out like a scarce wild animal in this noble surrounding, 

 Her red stockings and bright red hooker platform heels drew attention like moths to the flame. However, her black dress didn't take a back seat to them although this piece of clothing barely earned its name. The two straps that ran separately over each boob merged just below her belly button ending in some tiny hot pants. This way, her enormous cleavage and deeply tanned belly were completely exposed. 

 But now her dress was totally soaked clinging tightly to her body showing off everything. Her jet dark red hair was totally matted and her skin glistened from cum and sweats. In addition, her forehead flaunted a word for everyone to see. 

 "CUMWHORE" 

 She didn't look tempting and sexy anymore. Instead, it was the appearance of the dirtiest bottom whore one could imagine. From the gazes that shot at her, she could sense that all men would love to jump at her treating her in the nastiest, most perverse ways they could come up with. 

 Somehow, this realization excited her tremendously. The perfect fucktoy for men stood right here – and it was her. 

 Bathing in this twisted glory, she didn't move until the bellboy stood right in front of her. He took her arm and quickly pulled her out of the hall into the employees' area bringing her out of guests' view. He didn't stop before they were in the goods arrival department. 

 They came to a halt in front of a steel door leading outside. Looking at her, the young man yelled enraged 

 "This is an exclusive hotel. We don't tolerate hookers running around." 

 "Especially not looking like this!" he continued with a disgusted tone in his voice. "I'm instructed to call the police!" 

 The word 'police' let Vanessa snap out of her lewd state stammering 

 "Please no! No cops, please!" 

 "I could get in a lot of trouble if I don't call'em!" he remarked. 

 "Please!" was all Vanessa could bring out fear creeping up inside of her. 

 "I guess you're not looking forward to a night in a cold dark cell?" the bellboy remarked his voice taking on a more lustful tone. "I don't know for sure if that wouldn't be the perfect place for such a sleazy ho!" 

 Vanessa gazed at him knowingly. She looked like a cheap hooker so what did she expect? And this young man didn't give the impression that she was the first hooker to walk through this room. 

 She had to prove that she was a better slut than these dispensable whores! 

 Without further ado, she sank to her knees and opened his zipper. 

 "Do you want this whore to blow your cock?" she teased him. 

 She took his semi-erect cock into her hand running her tongue over its head. 

 "Yeah, cumwhore! Show me that you deserve your name." he hissed at her referring to the word still prominently written over her forehead. 

 Her new name sent a shiver through her body. Being called in such a derogative way turned her on - even after hours of fucking. 

 She started working his stiff rod only using her mouth running her hand over his chest. The young guy simply leaned back enjoying her efforts. After some more minutes of her slurping on his pulsing cock he said 

 "Let me fuck those big funbags you got, whore." 

 Vanessa looked up at him smiling mischievously while she pushed the two straps that clung tightly to her firm round boobs to the sides. This way, her plump globes were pressed out between the straps. 

 The bellboy let out an admiring whistle. He grabbed them and played with them for some time. Running his fingers over her nipples, they stood up proudly in no time. 

 "Fuck! You really like this, you ho!" he exclaimed. 

 "I'm the best cumwhore you will ever find!" she answered with pride in her voice. 

 Then she pushed her big ripe melons together with a hand on each side. Her very long bright red finger nails formed a strong contrast to her deeply tanned skin. 

 The young guy didn't hesitate spitting right into the canyon she had just formed and pushed his engorged shaft between these delicious mounds of flesh. 

 Vanessa started working her fucktits up and down his dick pressing the two globes together tightly to keep them in place. The bellboy couldn't hold on any longer. Taking his erupting cock in his hand, he aimed right at her face. Like a good little whore, Vanessa opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. But only the first spurt landed on it, the rest painting her upper lip and cheek with sticky white goo. 

 While Vanessa scraped the cum off her face feeding it to herself, the guy took her purse and fetched out her lipstick. He wrote his cell phone number on the inner side of her forearm. Opening the door, he said 

 "Next time, you call beforehand and come to this door. I'll let you in if I get my share!" 

 Knowing this wouldn't happen too soon, Vanessa only nodded while she scrambled up onto her feet. 

 Checking her out a last time, he made her stop in her tracks and lean over to the front. Then he wrote another word on her lower back. 

 "Now every one can see from every angle what you really are." 

 "CUMWHORE" 

 "FUCKMEAT" 

 While a shiver ran through Vanessa's body from this new humiliation, the bellboy gave her a boot in the ass making her stumble outside. Taken by surprise, she fell onto her hands and knees. Out of nowhere, this final degradation made her cum. 

 "Get away, you sleazy ho!" he yelled after her and smashed the door shut. 

 There she was, a dirty cheap hooker standing in a dark back alley in big red platform heels and a tiny dress with cum on her face flaunting the tags "cumwhore" and "fuckmeat". 

 What else would happen to her until she would finally be home? 

 First, she didn't dare to take a cap home. It was pretty far but she had attracted enough attention for tonight. But the thought of flaunting her new tags to a taxi driver thrilled her extremely. 

 How would he react? Would he give her a boot in disgust? Would he drool all over her? 

 She had to find out. 

 Vanessa started walking to the next taxi stand. The streets were almost deserted by this time of day. Reaching the taxi rank, it was well lit and there were five cabs standing at the curb waiting. She passed the first four cars wiggling her butt tentatively to make sure that every driver would look at her backside reading her tag. Looking back over her shoulder, she could see dirty grins spreading over their faces. 

 Arriving at the last cab in line, she leaned over the window presenting her large boobs to the taxi driver. Putting on a sluttish smile, she asked him for the prize for a ride home. 

 She could see his reaction to her appearance at once. His eyes wandering up from her firm tits, his initially lustful smile turned into an evil grin when he read the tag on her forehead. 

 Sitting in the back of the cab, she could see the driver's eyes roaming over her body. She started running her hand over her flat belly teasing him. She stroked her nipples with the long red nails of her index fingers until they almost burst through the fabric. Then she grabbed the nipples only with the tips of her slutty red nails and pressed them firmly together. Throwing her head back, she groaned wildly. Finally, she ran her fingers over her crotch until her cameltoe was clearly visible. 

 During the entire ride, Vanessa wondered how the driver managed to not cause an accident as his eyes were glued to the rear-view mirror the whole time. But they arrived at her front door without any critical incidents. The driver asked her how she wanted to pay almost expecting a sexual payment. 

 Vanessa felt too tired though. Teasing him had been fun but she was too sore to adequately satisfy him. 

 She didn't forget to ask for his name though. Maybe, next time she'd need a cap she'd give him the proper reward. 

 Mark still wasn't at home. He was probably lying on his friend's couch passed out from too much beer. Vanessa looked into the mirror. Her mouth opened and formed a word. First very quiet slowly becoming louder. 

 "WHORE" 

 It wasn't as hard anymore and came out really easy. A smile spread over her messed up face. Finally, she had accepted what she was. What she was for Stanton and his partners - a little whore to be used as they liked. And she loved every aspect of it – the money, the satisfaction, the attention. 

 She was working in the law-office for two month now and couldn't imagine ever doing something else again. She serviced the partners after work looking forward to it the entire day. 

 By now, the other secretaries not only gossiped about her but openly looked at her with a mixture of envy and dislike - especially when she told them about last Sunday. Miller had taken her out to an exclusive country club and she had to describe every detail to her co-workers. She could almost grab the jealousy shooting at her from their eyes. She knew they would all love to be in her place - beautiful, successful and adored by men. At least, that was what they were thinking and Vanessa wanted them to continue doing so, even increasing their envy further. 

 After having rubbed this news under her co-workers noses, she had walked into the ladies' restroom and looked into the mirror. This time, she saw an elegant face with sparkling arrogant eyes looking back at her. Quietly, she said the word again. 

 "LADY" 

 Last Sunday, she had told Mark that she had to work overtime. He hadn't cared as he had wanted to meet some of his buddies anyway. 

 It had been the first time that Vanessa had been to such an exclusive place. Miller had enjoyed showing her off to his friends as she was by far the most beautiful woman present. He loved the gazes they were throwing at her. All these looks spoke the same language. How did he manage to get in her pants? 

 Her outfit and behaviour let her appear like a rich bitch tempting but out of reach. And she seemed to savour this fact strutting provokingly in front of them. 

 If only they knew... 

 Vanessa had felt like she had finally found home. The women she met in the club shared the same attitude with her. They loved the same exclusive things and couldn't stop gossiping about other women. 

 They were mostly pretty young and good looking. The only difference between them and her was that they were all married to wealthy business men. Something Vanessa wasn't able to say about herself. But everything could happen in the future, couldn't it? 

 After having married, they used all their time for the finer things in life spending their husbands' money - exactly what Vanessa had always dreamt of. Having so much in common, the women had liked Vanessa at once accepting her as one of them. They were all regarding her as the future Mrs. Miller anyway. 

 The next weekend, Miller took her to the country club again. Mark still believed her when she told him that the law-office had landed a big deal and she was invited for a company party. 

 She had dressed in a white short designer dress with fitting high heels. The day before, she had taken a trip to the nail studio to get a fresh French- manicure. She had graced herself with an expensive neckband, several bracelets and big creoles. To top her outfit, stylish designer sunglasses rested on her nose. 

 She looked as posh as imaginable which fitted perfectly to her arrogant attitude. Fortunately, Mark didn't care about those things not asking questions about how she could afford all this. 

 After some time of chatting and gossiping with her new friends, Miller had called her to him. He was playing pool with some of his friends. As he was on a loosing streak, he wanted Vanessa to bring back luck. He asked her if she could assist him with the next shot. She agreed taking the cue from him. When she leaned over the table she looked at him and saw a smile spreading over his face. 

 Then, she realized his true plan. While bending forward, the thin fabric of her dress showed off her curves in all their glory and the hem of her dress rose up almost presenting her firm, nicely tanned butt cheeks. She could feel his friends' eyes roaming over her body. She had to admit that she was slightly getting excited by it. 

 A part of her wanted to wriggle her butt tantalisingly egging the men further on. But another part of her wanted to stay untouchable for them - the rich bitch they all yearned for but couldn't get. 

 This thought turned her on even more as she realized the power she had over them. Unable to concentrate on the shot, she missed it and Miller lost. But no one really cared. 

 He told his friends that he'd sit out the next games and asked Vanessa if she wanted to come with him for a walk. Slightly surprised, she agreed following him out of the room. 

 He took her to a small library. It looked like a typical private library with massive dark wooden bookshelves covering three walls from ground to ceiling. The complete fourth wall - opposite the door - was composed of one huge window with a glass door leading onto a balcony. 

 A man in his fifties was sitting behind a large wooden desk which stood in front of the window. He was intently reading a newspaper. When he saw the two coming in, he put the journal down and stood up. Vanessa could see that he was still pretty fit for his age. 

 Suddenly, Miller grabbed Vanessa by her neck. At first, she wanted to scream but unconsciously she knew better than to attract interest. He pushed her forward and around the desk until she lay bent over the table top with her butt pointing towards the window. Not waiting for a reaction, Miller unceremoniously pulled the hem of her dress up over her ass cheeks presenting them to the unknown man and ripped her thong off. 

 "Ain't that a perfectly shaped butt?" Vanessa could hear Miller commenting. "It looks even better when glowing red!" 

 She could feel his hand landing on her left ass cheek reddening it at once. 

 Leaning forward, he whispered into her ear giving her creeps. 

 "Look up at our friends!" 

 Miller pulled her up by her dark red hair turning her around so she could look out of the window. The library was on the first floor so no one was able to look inside from the patio. Following the veranda was a driving range which was located on a hill and thus almost level with the library. Because of the huge window front, anyone playing golf and looking back to the club house would be able to see her. 

 Unfortunately, she could see a group of men standing at the driving range. This discovery caused a chill to run over her spine. She could only pray that none of them would look back to the club house right now. 

 She was here as a private person. Right now, she was the untouchable ice queen every one was yearning for. And she didn't want this to change. Moreover, she wanted to be a part of the women's clique she had just met. 

 Vanessa pushed herself up standing upright in front of Miller and looking him directly into the eyes. 

 "I'm not on work!" she hissed at him. "Today, I'm not doing anything you want me to." 

 Miller broke out into laughter. 

 When he finally answered, his eyes had a mean glint. 

 "You still haven't understood it, do you? You're a whore, you're OUR whore! You're always on work! You do what WE tell you to!" 

 Vanessa started getting furious. She wasn't in the mood to be ordered around by Miller – not right now and not right here. Today was no working day and on these days, she was a lady - not a slut. She wanted to go back and continue gossiping with her new friends. Especially, she didn't want to put the image she had just gained on the line. 

 Her eyes boring angrily into Miller's, she growled 

 "I'm not working here with all these people I know! I bet Stanton doesn't know about this and he wouldn't want our deal to leak out because of you playing the pimp!" 

 Miller started laughing again. 

 "The people YOU know?" he said wryly. 

 "You only met these people because of me. You're only here because of me. You don't want this to be the last time you'll be here, do you? You want to see these rich spoiled sluts again, don't you?" 

 Seeing the answer in Vanessa's eyes, he grinned devilishly. 

 "This is one of our most important clients. Of course, Stanton knows about it." he remarked adding resolutely "You don't wanna give a bad impression of our office, do you?" 

 Vanessa tried arguing. She even suggested driving back to the office with the client. But Miller didn't listen to her his voice becoming more enraged by the second. 

 "If you ever want to see this club from the inside again, you better do what I tell you to – right here, right now. Did I make myself clear?!" 

 Miller had a point. She would have never earned entrance into this club without him and she definitely wanted to come back again. 

 But inside she felt a strong resistance. She wasn't in slut mode and she knew she didn't want to get into it today. She was in lady mode and this was the perfect place for it. 

 Suddenly, her thoughts were interrupted when the unknown man started to speak for the first time. 

 "You told me she is the perfect slut – dirty to the bone. All I see is a bitch with touchy behaviour. I could get this at home." 

 At these words, Miller looked at Vanessa angrily. Surprisingly, she had the feeling that she could also make out a hint of fear in his eyes. 

 He didn't have a chance to answer as the man stepped up to Vanessa. He grabbed her throat with one hand and the other went between her legs. He gripped her pussy very roughly making her yelp - partly from surprise and partly from the sudden raw contact. 

 Leaning over to her, he almost yelled. 

 "If you're a real slut, you better get wet now! Or are you just another spoiled bitch we don't have use for?" 

 Vanessa knew that she'd better act like the slut she enjoyed being else wise. Miller had a lot of good arguments and she was afraid people might start wondering what they were doing all the time. 

 But her temper got the better of her. 

 She had always been a hot-blooded, passionate person acting emotionally. She was a lady and she wouldn't tolerate such a treatment. Without thinking about it, she spit right into the man's face. 

 Miller breathed in audibly. The man seemed stunned for a moment not having anticipated this. Then he answered. 

 Vanessa could feel a slap to her face. Her head flew to the side and her cheek instantly burned from the stinging pain. Anger blazed up in her eyes. 

 But before Vanessa had any chance to react, she was forcefully pushed around and pressed onto the desk top. The man turned her arms onto her back holding them together with one hand. With the other, he landed a series of slaps on her ass cheeks. 

 In a second, her cheeks started glowing. 

 "I'm gonna teach you to behave like a whore!" the man hissed. 

 "Asshole! You don't get anything from me!" Vanessa growled back. 

 She was so furious right now she would have jumped at the man and scratched his eyes out if she'd have the chance to. 

 Despite the pain, she didn't scream though. Her subconscious prevented it. She didn't want anyone to hear her or find out about what was happening here. 

 "I don't get anything from you little bitch?" the man mocked her. "Guess, we'll find out! It would be better for you though." 

 "Why you're making such a fuss?" Miller asked her with an exasperated sigh. "The sooner you do what you're supposed to the sooner it's over." 

 "And you can go back downstairs to your new friends." he added emphasizing the words "new friends" sarcastically. 

 "If you go on behaving like a spoiled bitch though, it'll be all over tomorrow. We don't need no useless sluts." he remarked sternly. 

 "No more money, no more expansive accessory bullshit you love so much and no country club any more. Hmm, what do you want? You better decide quickly!" he continued talking into her mind. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 05 ****** byCathartico© Vanessa could feel a lump in her throat. She didn't want it all to end. She loved this life. But right now, she was a lady not a slut! 

 Still, she'd only have to get off this mean man. Any women had to do this from time to time to keep their men in line, didn't they? And afterwards, she could go back to chatting with her friends like nothing had ever happened. 

 "I'll be a good slut!" she finally gave in closing her eyes in defeat. 

 "We'll see." was all the man answered unimpressed. "You've been a bad whore. And bad whores need to be punished!" 

 "Please!" Vanessa said fear creeping up inside of her. "I'll do what you want me to." 

 "Too late, bitch!" was the harsh response. "You'll ask me to spank your defiant ass now. We'll see if you're a good slut then." 

 Before Vanessa could respond, he added 

 "Use your dump face hole for what it's supposed to and suck Miller's cock. I won't stop the spanking until his cum is gracing your whoreface. You'll better prove your worth and suck him off fast." 

 Vanessa gritted her teeth. She started hating this fierce man she knew nothing about. His presence gave off an aura of authority. But it was different to Stanton's or the others'. He also gave her a feeling of mercilessness and a total lack of empathy. 

 Even if she disliked this man to the bone though, there was no way out of this situation for her. She had to submit to him. 

 "P-please, s-spank my ass!" she said with a small voice. 

 "I didn't hear you, whore!" the man yelled aggressively. 

 "Please, spank my ass, sir!" Vanessa pressed the words out loud. She only hoped the group of golfers had gone. 

 The first blow hit her making her yelp. The man wasn't slapping her ass any more but whacking it as hard as he could. Vanessa had never felt such a pain. 

 Every new thwack brought a wave of pain spreading over her backside and letting tears shoot out of her eyes. She bit on her lower lip. Her whole body wanted to relief some of the agony by screaming out loud. She had to bring up all her will power to reduce it to whimpers. 

 Miller walked around the desk in an extremely slow pace enjoying the sight of Vanessa being degraded form a posh bitch to a crying slut getting her ass whacked. 

 Vanessa knew that she couldn't keep quiet for any longer. She would have liked to kill Miller for coming up to her so slowly knowing exactly how much she was struggling. 

 When he eventually stood in front of her, she hastily tried pushing her mouth over his dick. A second before her lips touched its head, he pulled it out of her reach. Vanessa whimpered in despair. When Miller's dick swung in front of her face again, she made another attempt. But Miller's little game went on while he laughed at her. 

 All the time her backside was turned into raw meat. Vanessa couldn't keep quiet anymore. Half on half begging and screaming, she asked Miller 

 "Please, would you fuck this whoreface. PLEASE!" 

 Petting her head, Miller grinned and lastly laid his dick onto her lower lip. She tried to gulp him down in one swift motion but she wasn't able to move a lot still being in the man's vice grip. So her head bopped up and down his rigid member in rhythm with the whacks that landed on her ass. 

 Each blow stung harder than the one before and soon her ass was dark red and sensitive to the touch from the spanking. 

 After some time, Miller gripped her head and started fucking her mouth like a cunt. Gargling noises were coming deep from her throat intermixed with groans she couldn't suppress every time a slap landed on her ass cheek. 

 Several times, the man's whacks didn't land on her cheeks but right on her pussy making her twitch uncontrollably. It hurt worse than anything else. 

 Vanessa wasn't able to control her cries anymore. Only the dick in her mouth reduced them to whimpers. Her ass was completely red and sore by now. Her cheeks were totally numb by now. All she felt was the pain that had spread over her entire backside. 

 Vanessa's ordeal seemed never ending. After what felt like hours to her, Miller came straight down her throat giving her no other chance than to swallow his entire load. 

 The same moment, the slaps stopped and Vanessa let out a sigh of relief. 

 Suddenly though, she felt three fingers roughly being shoved into her cunt. To her own surprise, her pussy was dripping wet and the fingers went in smoothly. 

 "Wet like a bitch in heat! Seems like you really are a slut!" the man commented. 

 All Vanessa could do was to answer with a deep groan. She was completely confused. How could this happen? How could she get wet from this treatment? 

 It had been the worst pain she had ever felt in her entire life. Her backside throbbed so painfully, she thought she wouldn't be able to sit for a week. And yet, she had become aroused. 

 Was she really just a slut and nothing else? 

 No, this wasn't true she told herself. How could she get along so well with the other women if she was only a slut? 

 She was a lady – a lady that could act like a slut and fulfil any man's perverse dreams - if she wanted to. And sometimes even a lady had to do what a lady had to do. 

 The man could sense that she wasn't fighting him anymore and let her hands go. He pushed three fingers in and out of her cunt in a fast pace causing a wet slurping sound. Meanwhile, his thumb roughly rubbed over her clit. 

 Although - or maybe because - her pussy was very sensitive and hurt from the slaps, she felt her body betraying her further. She lost control over it. Her ass started wiggling and her legs got all wobbly. Her moans and groans grew louder by the second. 

 Suddenly, she heard herself screaming 

 "Please sir! Please make me cum! I need to cum!" 

 Her body was winning against her mind and taking over. She needed release no matter how or where. 

 "So the bitch wants to cum?" the man mocked her while his fingers slowed down. "Does she deserve to cum though?" 

 "Please!" Vanessa answered all submissive now. "I'll do everything you ever dreamt of! Your slut needs to cum!" 

 Her hands finally free, she even reached around either side of her ass to spread her pussy lips apart with her nicely French-manicured fingers exposing her inner lips invitingly. 

 The next second, she felt a new stinging pain. Immense pressure was exerted on her cunt. The man had rammed his entire hand past the wrist into her dripping fuckhole burying it deep in her sopping gash. Her wet snatched didn't stand a chance to the forceful intrusion getting stretched wide. 

 She had been fisted before but not that deeply and mercilessly. The man moved his hand back and forth fucking the insides of Vanessa's cunt. Her pussy walls hugged his arm tightly. 

 Then he made a fist within her hot gash and tried to withdraw it. Her cunt walls stretched wide around his fist but didn't let him out. So he rammed his whole closed hand back in – even deeper this time. 

 Her snatch was extremely sensitive from the former slaps and the pain reached a whole new dimension. The agony shot straight to Vanessa's head. 

 She threw her head back and grunted in both pain and delight as she came. 

 The man didn't give her time for a deep breath though. He slowly slipped each finger out of her slit and held his hand in front of Vanessa's face. She had to suck each finger licking her own juices from them. 

 When she had finished this task, he grabbed her by the hair and led her outside onto the balcony. It was a fairly large one with a balustrade that reached up to her hips. There was typical balcony furniture standing on it consisting of two chairs and a small table. 

 He turned her around so she faced him looking directly into his cold eyes. From the corner of her eye, Vanessa could see a new group of guys standing at the driving range. They hadn't noticed them yet and Vanessa couldn't suppress a sigh of relief. 

 The man smiled at this knowing exactly what she thought. Then he pressed his mouth onto hers and shoved his tongue deep inside her. 

 Vanessa was taken off guard by this as no client had done this ever before. And she didn't like it at all – especially from this dislikeable man. But she knew better than to resist. 

 With one eye on the golf course, she started kissing him back, her tongue duelling his in a playful way. 

 He explored her mouth for several minutes starting to push her dress and bra down exposing her full firm tits. Vanessa didn't like this either as she wanted to attract as little attention as possible. A woman standing on a balcony with her tits exposed was supposed to cause a stir sooner or later. 

 The man grabbed each of her ripe melons with a hand and started massaging them roughly. Thereby, he didn't pay any attention to her feelings only using her as meat – as fuck meat. 

 Vanessa could feel how this degrading ruthless attitude immediately aroused her again although she had just come. He began firmly kneading her full boobs pressing her flesh together hard. This let her nipples stand out obscenely like diamonds ready to cut glass. 

 After some time, his left hand roamed over her ass cheeks kneading them just as hard while his right hand stayed on her left tit going on with his work. At once, Vanessa was reminded of the spanking she had just received. Her cheeks were extremely sensitive and throbbed very painfully under his vice grip. 

 Pain shooting from her ass and pleasure coming from her tits, they mixed right in her head causing her to moan out loud. It surprised her how hot and turned on she was once again. 

 The group at the driving range was slipping out of her mind substituted by this new mighty feeling she started loving so much – a fusion of pain and pleasure – more powerful than anything else she had ever experienced. 

 Out of a sudden, the man stopped working her body, no more hand on her breast, no more hand on her ass and no mouth kissing her. He looked into her clouded eyes until she was down from her high and back on the balcony. 

 Then he yelled with a grim stern voice 

 "On your knees, bitch!" 

 A chill ran over Vanessa's spine. He had spoken so loud that the group of people must have heard it. 

 In an attempt to get out of view, she sank to her knees as fast as possible, opened his zipper and pulled his rigid member out. Hoping to get him off quickly and ending this unsavoury episode, she deep throated him in one move. 

 It wasn't that easy though as his dick was pretty large and thick. At first try, she couldn't get him down completely. So she grabbed his buttocks with her hands pulling him into her while she pushed her face into his groin swallowing his cock. After three more tries, she could feel his pubic hair tickling her nose and his balls resting on her chin. 

 She continued to gulp down his entire length over and over while the man didn't do anything enjoying the way she fucked her own throat as if it were a loose cunt. He only urged her on with some degrading words. 

 "Yeah dogbitch, fuck your useless mouth! Make yourself gag. That's all the sounds I wanna hear coming out of a worthless whore's face hole!" 

 Gurgling noises erupted from Vanessa's throat. Every time his dick passed the entrance to her throat, she had to gag and had to force herself to go further down his cock. Thick white slobber covered his rod every time she pulled back. 

 She could only deep throat him a few times. Then she had to take a pause for a quick gasp panting noisily before she could go on. This repeated itself for several minutes. 

 Not getting him off that quickly, Vanessa tried to further his pleasure by pushing her French-manicured index finger into his ass. He let out a groan enjoying what she did. 

 When she made another pause to take a well-needed breath, he told her to clean the finger that had just been up his ass. While saying this, he patted her head treating her like a little pet. 

 Although she had tasted her own ass on cocks before, it somehow repulsed her to taste this invidious man's ass. But automatically behaving like a good little slut by now, she only hesitated for a short moment. 

 Her finger with the nicely manicured nail went to her full cherry red lips. She licked the tip of it making it look as sluttish as possible. She could taste the nasty bitter aroma of his ass while looking up at the man. Slowly, she pushed her finger into her mouth until it was completely in. Pulling it out again, it glistened with her spit totally cleaned. 

 This show seemed to spur the man further on. He gripped her hair and forced her onto her feet. Then he pushed her onto one of the chairs standing next to them. He made her kneel on it with her hands gripping the backrest. This way, her ass was sticking up high protruding over the balustrade. 

 Vanessa realized that her butt was clearly visible from the golf course and tried to push it down bringing it out of sight. 

 The man enjoyed her futile attempts to get out of view. But there was nothing she could do against it. He let her try and put a foot off the chair only to respond with a stinging slap to her tender ass. Vanessa let out a grunt loud enough to be heard at the driving range. 

 "You better keep still or your ass will regret it, whore. I can promise you this time you won't be able to keep quiet." 

 Vanessa gave in feeling his handprint still glowing on her fiery red cheeks. All she could do was to hang her head down over the backrest to bring it out of sight. She only hoped no one had recognized her yet. 

 "Slut, I wanna see your fist buried in that dirty cunt - NOW." he ordered. "You better be wet down there – for your own good, dogbitch!" 

 There was no resistance left in Vanessa. She only wanted this to be over as soon as possible. And she had to admit that the man's ruthless way of treating her - not like a human-being but as raw fuck meat - stimulated her immensely. 

 To no surprise, her pussy was dripping wet although it was still slightly throbbing from the slaps. As it had been fisted by the man beforehand, her cunt was also pretty loose so she had no problem slipping first three then four fingers into it. 

 She was so hot by now that even the first slight touch of her own fingers caused a tingling wave of pleasure to surge through her body. She could feel her cunt pulsating and starting to hug her fingers. She quickly pushed her thumb into her hot dripping fuckhole. There was almost no pain only pleasure. 

 Her delight was even more increased when she heard the man's voice from behind 

 "Good slut. That's what I wanna see. In the end, you don't seem to be completely useless." 

 A deep low groan emanated from Vanessa's mouth. Arousal and delight pulsated in every pore of her body further heightened by his derogatory words. Her sopping gash crammed tightly around her fist while she drove it further down her snatch. 

 She disliked this fierce, mean man who immensely enjoyed humiliating her. But at the same time, his attitude and behaviour was exactly what aroused her so much. 

 Was it what she really needed to get so excited? 

 She definitely was a slut – even if it was only one part of her. But it was the part that needed relief right now. She felt her body anticipating a new wave of pleasure screaming for an orgasm. 

 She had to firmly grip the backrest with her free hand to not fall off the chair while her ass wriggled uncontrollably and her nipples rubbed roughly over the wooden back of the chair. She couldn't stop moaning anymore her mind in a state of bliss now. 

 The man grabbed her hair and made her look at him. 

 "Nice how you moan now – like the dogbitch you are! Finally, all the guys are looking up here watching your ass shaking for them!" 

 A blush of shame rose to Vanessa's face. But simultaneously, her nipples stiffened even more. She was so hot and aroused, she couldn't stop herself anymore and another moan escaped her lips. 

 Then out of a sudden, she let out a loud piercing scream. 

 The man had stepped up to her and driven his large thick tool up her dry asshole with full force. Her butthole hadn't been prepared for the intrusion. Even worse, her asshole had been tightly shut from the fist up her cunt. 

 The thrust was so powerful that her anal ring simply ripped open. Vanessa instantly knew that she'd painfully remember this the next few days. 

 Pain shot straight into her head. 

 The man's body slamming against her oversensitive ass cheeks, added a new gnawing flavour to the feelings overwhelming her. 

 The pain from her asshole and her cheeks intermingled. But simultaneously, the pleasure from her fisted cunt and asshole synthesised with the pain exploding in her head like a thousand flashes of ecstasy. 

 "Ahhhhh....ahhhhh!" was all Vanessa could utter when she experienced a completely new unknown sensation making her entire mind burst. 

 She had never been filled that much. With a fist up her cunt and this thick large cock up her ass, she was overstuffed. Her cunt clammed tightly on her fist trying to push it out but unconsciously she went on reaming her pussy turning it bright pink. 

 Meanwhile, the man furiously hammered away on her ass. He rammed her quivering asshole as hard as possible. Her ass cheeks were on fire hurting more each time his body slammed into her backside. He even started digging his fingers into her soft ass, causing it to burn more. 

 Vanessa was reduced to a shaking mass of flesh. There was nothing but this new sensation - stronger than any emotion she had ever felt before. It consumed her entire being and completely blended out everything else. 

 And Vanessa came. 

 She came with such a force that it almost knocked her off the chair. Shivers went up and down her spine while she couldn't stop cumming. The man tore into her ass with a vengeance for another ten minutes and Vanessa came over and over again. She was in an almost delirious state pure ecstasy washing over her body. 

 "Ahhhh....Yesss! That's it! Ohhhh Fuuuuck!" she cried. 

 Eventually, the man couldn't hold it any longer. With a final thrust, he buried his tool in her ass and spurted a tremendous load of jizz deep into her colon. 

 When his meat had emptied all contents from his balls, he pulled out of her asshole. Despite the fist in her cunt, her loosened anal ring gaped obscenely. 

 Vanessa's state of ecstasy had further built up and needed a final relief now. It was like an itch she couldn't scratch herself. She needed to cum or go crazy. 

 "Please, sir! I need to cum again. Relieve this dogbitch! Please" she begged. 

 Listening to her please, the man grabbed her arm and rammed it deep into her impaling her forearm up her cunthole. Her fist bottomed out impacting hard deep inside her gash. 

 And the world stood still. With a loud grunt Vanessa's orgasm exploded. But it was more than just an orgasm. It was an earth-shattering wave of pure bliss. 

 It took several minutes for Vanessa to come back to her senses. When she had slowly eased her fingers out of her snatch, the man spread her cheeks apart. Her cunthole and ass chute were standing so wide open they looked like deep dark tunnels. 

 "These are some gaping holes! Guess, the fuckmeat is useless now!" he commented. 

 Vanessa wasn't able to hear him though. Her mind was still reeling not being able to grasp the voluptuous frenzy she had just experienced. 

 "Show me you're a real slut and get that cum out of your ass and into your whore mouth!" the man ordered next. 

 Vanessa cockily raised her eyebrows. A lascivious smile danced on her lips. She knew that she was a dirty slut. And she loved proving this to men astonishing them over and over again. 

 She remembered the last time she had eaten cum from her ass. She would never forget the taste. But this day seemed like an eternity ago. Back then it seemed like an act only the lowest and filthiest whore would perform. She hadn't known about the immense power a slut possessed over men though. And the enormous satisfaction a slut could get from male attraction. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 05 ****** byCathartico© Since then, she had even sucked cocks coming directly out of her ass. So it wasn't that special anymore, was it? 

 Why did she hesitate then? Why didn't she move? 

 "Are you a slut or not?" the vile men asked again looking at her with his cold unemotional eyes. 

 Vanessa realized that it wasn't the act itself. It was her deep rooted dislike of this mean man. She had felt a deep antipathy towards him from the first second she had seen him. 

 She loved acting all slutty for men but somehow she didn't want to give any joy to this person. 

 Anyhow, she had almost made it through this ordeal, hadn't she? It was only one more step to go. And sometimes, a slut needs to do what a slut needs to do. 

 Still kneeling on the chair, she held her hand with the long French-manicured nails under her rear while pushing with all her might. Her asshole quivered. She had to press so hard that the red angry flesh behind her loose anal ring became visible. Farting noises erupted. 

 Closing her eyes in shame, Vanessa felt her heart skip a beat from this new humiliation. 

 With a wet slurp the gooey spunk eventually poured out onto her hand. Looking at her fingers, she could see that the sticky jizz had already turned slightly yellow. 

 Lifting her hand up, she tilted her head back and opened her mouth. Slowly, she let the slimy filthy mass drip into her mouth. 

 It didn't taste as vile as expected. It had the musky bitter taste she had gotten used to by now - only with a gooey, salty note. 

 The lascivious smile reappeared on her face. She had proven it once again – she was a slut to the core. 

 Looking at the man, her smile immediately disappeared. Just looking at him was already enough to turn her mood down. 

 "Don't swallow it, whore!" he ordered before she could gulp the vile cream down. 

 Then he was gone. 

 Suddenly, applause resounded from the driving range. An ice cold chill ran down Vanessa's spine when she heard guys hollering and clapping. 

 She wanted to rush into the house but she was too exhausted to follow the man so she remained where she was keeping her head down and out of view. 

 A few moments later, Miller stepped onto the balcony telling her it was time to go. She had completely forgotten about his presence. 

 "Got the cum still in your whoremouth? Does it taste good?" he asked sarcastically. 

 Vanessa glowered at him only nodding. The bitter taste had unfolded in her mouth and she was getting nauseous by it. She wanted to spit it out or at least swallow it – just get rid of it. 

 Miller took her arm steadying her and helped her out of the room and down the stairs as her legs were still pretty shaky. Vanessa was glad that she had brought sunglasses along as they hid the run mascara. 

 But right now all she though about was the sticky goo in her mouth. She had to suppress her gag reflex and she wasn't able to speak this way. 

 Coming downstairs, Vanessa tried looking down onto the ground hoping no one would recognize her from the balcony. In the entrance hall, they met the group of women she had chatted with as they were getting ready to go. 

 When they passed them, one of them stepped up to Vanessa and asked in a kind, caring voice 

 "We hope you feel better now. It was a hot muggy day that got to all of us. Hopefully, the nap made you feel better." 

 Vanessa realized that Miller must have walked down during her encounter with the unknown man and told this made-up story to the women. 

 She almost said thanks but with a chill she remembered the cum. Keeping herself from opening her mouth, she only nodded looking exhausted which she didn't even have to play. Standing in front of the woman, Vanessa felt a gag coming up with the sperm burning in her mouth. She knew that she couldn't hold it in much longer feeling it almost run out. 

 "She's still pretty weak." Miller came to her rescue at last second. 

 Leading her away from the group, he had to chuckle. 

 "Didn't you want to show them your little present?" he whispered at her. "Too bad, it's already dribbling out now!" 

 Vanessa's horrified look made him snicker even more. 

 "Hehe, they didn't see it – I guess." 

 When they finally reached his car he said 

 "You can swallow now." 

 Finally, she could gulp it down. When it was gone, Vanessa let out a sigh. She looked at Miller and said 

 "Thank you!" 

 Had it been for his help in keeping her image up? Or had it been for allowing her to swallow? Anyway, it had been meant totally serious. But hadn't he been the guy that was responsible for the entire ordeal she had to live through today? Hadn't he been responsible for her fear of getting caught? 

 All the way back home, Vanessa had to think about the raptures of ecstatic delight she had just experienced. And the mean man that had caused it. 

 To be continued... 

 Vanessa has to make sure that she is still the posh ice-queen but what will she find out? 

 ***I always appreciate feedback. Tell me what you'd like to read happening to Vanessa next.*** Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 06 ****** byCathartico© It was just a normal week in the law-office Stanton, Erickson & Partners. Nothing out of the ordinary happened and every one minded his own business - - every one but a special secretary. 

 Vanessa's country club adventure didn't leave her alone. She was frightened beyond believe how people might react to her presence. Over the course of the days, she got more and more convinced that every member knew it had been her on the balcony. But she didn't know for sure, did she? 

 The weekend, Miller had no plans for her and she didn't dare asking him to take her to the country club again. Thus, her uncertainty only increased. 

 The following week, these thoughts were gnawing at her constantly not leaving her alone. Again, Miller didn't need her service for the weekend but he grinned knowingly when she asked him about it. 

 Saturday, uncertainty made her restless for the entire day although she tried to calm herself down by going out shopping. Usually, this was something that always helped to take her mind off things bugging her - but not this time. 

 Sunday, she finally couldn't stand the ambiguity anymore so she decided to do something against it. 

 Vanessa drove to the country club by herself. 

 She didn't know what was awaiting her. She didn't even know if she would be able to get inside on her own. She had to try it anyway. 

 Parking Mark's old rusty car in a side street nearby, she made a mental note to buy a 'real' car from the next pay check. With every step that brought her closer to the club, she could feel her heart beat faster. 

 In front of the club house, she met one of her new friends. Initially, she felt like turning around and simply running away. But she forced herself to approach the woman. Shy like a little kid, she said hello and held her breath waiting for her reaction. 

 Nothing happened though. The woman behaved as usual towards Vanessa hugging her and starting to chat with her at once. 

 Vanessa simply followed her inside while the woman didn't stop talking for a second. There wasn't any problem getting inside as well. The hall porter didn't say a word when these two posh ladies walked into the entrance hall. Passing him, his eyes stuck to Vanessa's shapely butt though bringing a smile to her face. 

 After ranting for some time about the unfriendly salesmen she had to bear with on yesterday's shopping binge, the woman started gossiping about the hottest buzz making its round in the country club at the moment. She told Vanessa in disgust about the newest rumour. A couple must have had sex on a balcony with every one being able to watch and listen to. 

 Remarking that such people must be sick and need to be thrown out of such an exclusive club over and over, all women present couldn't stop gossiping about it. 

 Vanessa tried to carefully find out if there were any rumours about the people involved in this 'incident'. But no one had been able to make out the couple. 

 Of course, the women started wondering who it could have been and the fine game of tittle-tattle started. Surprisingly, Vanessa was no subject of any chit- chat. All of her friends believed in Miller's story of her dizzy spell. 

 Realizing this, she felt as relieved as never before in her entire life. So she uninhibitedly joined the gossiping. 

 Over the course of the last two weeks, not only her reputation in the club had troubled Vanessa but also the emotions she had experienced for the first time. The new dimension of delight didn't leave her alone. A constant craving for cock but also for admiration and attention accompanied her. This sexual desire had existed before but it was ever growing. Nothing seemed to be able to quench the fire burning between her loins fuelled by her voracious mind. 

 Concurrently, another desire had evolved over the last weeks. A craving for attention and admiration from the posh rich women she had met in the country club. She needed their advertency just as much as sexual relieve. 

 Her body's steady appetency for attention -- sexually and interpersonally - had finally convinced her. This was what she was made for. This was what she wanted to be -a whore being admired by any men, exciting them extremely and fulfilling all their perverted desires and at the same time a posh ice-queen untouchable for any men. The best of two worlds combined in one person -- her. 

 To celebrate the successful weekend, Vanessa started provoking the other secretaries even more than before. She began wearing ever more expansive necklaces, bracelets and dresses. She could feel her co-workers envy radiating towards her every time she talked to them or passed them. 

 But Vanessa didn't care. She didn't need their friendship, she had other friends. She only wanted their jealousy. 

 The following week was just as unspectacular as the previous two until Thursday came around. 

 That day, she wore an extremely low-cut white blouse. It gave away a glimpse of her black bra and presented her full cleavage in full glory. Even more, it perfectly showed off her precious sterling silver necklace. Around her arm hung the appropriate broad sterling silver bracelet She knew very well that the expensive jewelry made her look overdressed as secretary but it definitely increased her co-worker's envy even more. 

 A short tight-fitting black miniskirt nicely highlighted her long shapely legs and round firm butt. As topping, her feet were adorned with black 5" stiletto heels most women couldn't even walk in. 

 After lunch, Stanton ordered her into his office. It was unusual for Vanessa to be called into his office before closing time. 

 Entering the office, her heart was slightly beating in her throat. What had he planned for her today she asked herself and could feel her pussy tingling with anticipation. 

 She came to a halt in front of his desk and waited for his reaction. First, he didn't seem to notice her and a short moment of silence emerged that somehow unsettled Vanessa. Then he looked up at her with a stern face and said in a harsh tone. 

 "I heard about your little escapade in the country club." 

 Vanessa was surprised by him bringing this of all topics up. It had happened more than two weeks ago and Miller had told her that it had been Stanton's plan. 

 "Miller told me that you knew about the client." Vanessa stammered defensively. 

 

 "I'm not talking about him. I'm talking about you and your behaviour." Stanton responded assertively. "So you like playing the posh bitch, don't you?" 

 Vanessa could sense this conversation taking an unpleasant route. She opened her mouth for an answer but was cut off by Stanton. 

 "I think it's time you get your place shown in this office." 

 Without moving a bit, he suddenly shot out a clear and brief order. 

 "Get on your hands and knees, whore!" 

 Vanessa was startled by this sudden command but knew better than to disobey. She had gotten so used to being ordered around that she didn't hesitate anymore. In a second, she was kneeling on the ground looking submissively up at Stanton. 

 Vanessa felt her skirt rising up over her ass cheeks presenting her bare pussy to everyone coming through the door as she didn't wear a thong. Something she wasn't allowed to in the office. 

 With a shudder, she realized that the harsh tone in her boss' voice had made her juices flow and her snatch already glistened with moisture. 

 "Crawl under the desk and perform the job your getting paid for!" he barked. 

 Vanessa didn't need any further commands. It was her job, it was what she loved doing. 

 Reaching Stanton's legs under the desk, she immediately got to work. She was so turned on that she almost ripped his trouser open and devoured his large thick cock right there. She ran her tongue down the entire length of his erect shaft. From there she wandered further along to his balls. She ran her tongue over them until they were glistening from her saliva. Then she sucked both balls into her mouth while stroking his rigid member. 

 The quivering of Stanton's legs showed her that he enjoyed her performance enormously. A smile spread over her face while she finally sucked his cock into her mouth. Her velvet lips enclosing the throbbing knob, she pushed her mouth down onto it until it hit the entrance to her throat. 

 The moment she leaned further into Stanton's crotch to let his thick rod slide into her throat, she could hear the door opening. 

 At once, her hair stood on end. She had completely forgotten about the other secretaries. They were still in the office working. 

 Stanton didn't show any reaction though. Vanessa tried hunching down under the desk to hide herself as best as possible. Anyhow, she was dead sure her legs must have been visible. Her entire body tensed anticipating what might happen next. 

 She could hear footsteps resounding from the parquet. It wasn't the typical sound of heels clicking on the floor. Rather, it sounded like male steps. Getting more confused by the second, Vanessa unconsciously continued sucking Stanton's cock. 

 Then, she could hear a person clearing its throat. It was a man! 

 "Sorry mister, your secretary told me you wanted to personally receive this parcel." 

 Vanessa didn't know if she should be relieved or not. It was none of her co- workers. 

 It wasn't one of the partners either. It was a stranger! 

 "Great! I've been already waiting for it!" Stanton responded to the messenger in the meantime. 

 Again, the man cleared his throat. 

 "I need your signature." 

 Stanton didn't move though. He only put his hand on Vanessa's head keeping her in place on his cock. He obviously enjoyed the situation and took his time to answer. 

 "Of course, could you please put the touchscreen on my desk?" 

 Her heart was in her mouth when she realized that the messenger had to walk directly to the desk to hand the touchscreen over to Stanton. There was no chance to escape for her. He had to notice her kneeling under the desk - if he hadn't yet. 

 All of Vanessa's senses were on red alert and still she unconsciously sucked Stanton's cock. Suddenly though, she almost chocked on it as she heard Stanton tell the deliveryman 

 "I know that there's a slut kneeling under my desk. Actually she's giving me head just now. I'm gonna paint her face any moment. D'you wanna see her decorated slutface?" 

 At that moment, he pushed Vanessa off his dick and his cock burst spurting white streams of goo onto her face. The first strand landed directly on her forehead, the following spraying her cheeks. 

 A shiver ran down Vanessa's spine. What did Stanton intent? Had he planned all this beforehand? 

 She didn't have a chance to ponder these questions for long though as Stanton pulled her forward on her hair. Her whole body wanted to resist but there was nowhere to go. Vanessa had to crawl forth appearing from under the desk. 

 Stanton gripped her chin making her stand up and turning her around. This way, she looked directly into the flabbergasted face of the messenger. 

 He stood there agape looking at this gorgeous young red-headed woman that could have been a glamour model if she hadn't been wearing cum on her beautiful face. 

 Looking at the man, Vanessa noticed that he wasn't exactly a good-looking guy. Honestly, he was miles away from good looking. Although pretty tall, he was very scrawny. His dark hair looked greasy and unwashed and his face hadn't been shaved for some days. His forearms were covered with numerous small blurry- edged tattoos. Overall, he looked like a brute trailer trash guy. 

 At first, Vanessa was too stunned to move at all. But then her hand reached for her face to wipe the cum off of it - only to be stopped by Stanton's harsh voice. 

 "What did I tell you back in the hotel?" 

 Vanessa remembered his words very well. 

 "A sleazy whore like me doesn't wash off the presents she gets but proudly shows them to everyone," she recited with a submissive voice while she had to force herself to not look onto the ground. 

 The messenger's eyes grew even wider and she could see a bulge forming in his trousers. 

 Vanessa felt humiliated beyond belief in front of this blue-collar worker. She was used to being treated as a slut by Stanton and his wealthy influential business partners. But this was the first time since her performance in the strip club that she was shown off as a whore to an average guy. 

 Somehow it felt different -- even more humiliating. It had always been her goal to leave the world of trailer parks. And she had thought that she had made it. But now she stood here getting humiliated in front of this white trash guy. 

 "This is our office whore." Stanton remarked. "She's ever so horny! So we help her to relieve her lust." 

 Looking Vanessa over, he added 

 "I guess she's randy as hell right now. I bet she'd love you to help her do something about it." 

 Vanessa knew exactly what Stanton intended. If she wanted or not, he would get his will anyways so she joined his game and asked lasciviously 

 "Please Sir, could you help this slut? Please, fuck this whore!" 

 Flashing a naughty smile at the messenger, she continued 

 "I'll be your nasty fucktoy!" 

 This guy looked like such a sleazebag that she had felt a deep antipathy towards him at once. It was her job to act as a slut for Stanton though. And in an inexplicable way, it turned her on. 

 She had to admit that Stanton knew exactly how to work a slut's mind. She felt her pussy tingling from excitement. Every time again, it amazed her how such degradation aroused her so much. 

 The messenger was totally astonished looking from Vanessa to Stanton and back. He seemed to ask himself if these two people were making a fool out of him or if they really meant what they were saying. 

 "Do you wanna see my dripping wet pussy?" Vanessa added in order to convince the guy of the realness of this situation. 

 She turned around and slowly opened the zipper of her tight mini skirt. Wiggling her butt seductively, she let the skirt slide down her long lean legs. Still with her back to the messenger, she stepped out of it. Then she opened the buttons of her blouse and pulled her bra down making her ripe melons jut out of it. Slowly, she let the blouse slide over her shoulders while looking back at the guy with a lasciviously raised eyebrow. 

 Finally, she let the blouse fall to the ground. Now, she stood there completely naked except for her black stockings and high heels. Then she bent forward until her arms rested on Stanton's desk and spread her legs wide apart. Now all her goods were on full display for the guy standing behind her. Through her obscenely spread legs he could see her firm big juggs hanging off her chest and simultaneously her wet slit and tight bottom were visible. 

 The next moment, Stanton stood next to her. Driving two fingers straight into her wet cunt, he made Vanessa moan out loud. 

 "This is some prime pussy, you get there!" he addressed the messenger. 

 "And the ass is even better!" he added while pushing his two fingers out of Vanessa's gash and ramming it straight into her tiny asshole. 

 Vanessa answered with an even louder groan. She was getting treated like a piece of pure fuckmeat and it only increased the craving in her cunt. 

 A slap to her left buttock brought her back down when Stanton told her 

 "I need to get back to work. But before, I have to give some advice to this young man. So go, fetch your coat and come back here!" 

 For the moment, Vanessa was totally flabbergasted. What was she supposed to do? She must have misheard him. Did he want her to walk over the floor bare naked? This couldn't be true! 

 But the answer followed on time when Stanton bellowed at her 

 "Didn't you hear me? Go get your coat! And I don't wanna see any clothes underneath it." 

 Slowly, Vanessa got up and walked to the door. Still, she didn't know what to do. The risk of other secretaries seeing her naked was immense. She couldn't risk it! 

 Hesitatingly, she stood at the door not daring to open it. 

 "Whore!" was Stanton's final reprimand. 

 This got Vanessa going. There was no choice left. There had never been a choice for her. Her boss had made a decision and she had to follow it if she liked it or not. 

 With her heart throbbing in her throat, she opened the door. The floor was empty. All she could do was to hope that no secretary would cross her way. 

 Walking as fast as possible in her 5" stiletto heels, she made it to the cloakroom in record time. There she fetched up her coat and slipped into it. It was an expansive black leather coat that ended just above her knees and was tightly cut. 

 She didn't know what Stanton had in mind but she couldn't figure out why he wanted her to wear her coat without anything underneath. 

 She knew that she would fuck this ugly trash of a man -- or rather get fucked by him. Why did she need the coat though? 

 For once, she was glad that none of her co-workers had seen her. But she knew that the day was far from over. 

 Back in Stanton's office, she could see the two smiling mischievously at her. Knowing Stanton by now, Vanessa opened her coat without request showing her nakedness to him. 

 "You haven't been to lunch yet." Stanton told her. "So this young man's gonna accompany you to a restaurant." 

 "Give him a good time! And don't forget that he's in charge. You do everything he tells you to!" he added before he turned around taking place behind his desk to get back to work. 

 Vanessa was perplexed once again. He wanted her to go out with this guy! She had sworn to herself to never go out with such trailer trash ever again! 

 And what if one of her girlfriends met them? What would they think? She could never explain it to them. All she had built up over the last weeks would be shattered. 

 Every pore of her body strongly resisted. And even worse, she definitely didn't want to have lunch with this sleazebag! 

 Again, a slap to her ass cheek brought her back to attention. This time the messenger left his handprint on her buttock telling her 

 "Let's get going, whore!" 

 One more time, the word "whore" functioned like a key stimulus getting her into gear. She wanted this episode to be over as soon as possible. Grabbing the deliveryman's hand, she turned around and dragged him with her. 

 From behind her back, she could hear Stanton advising him. 

 "Remember this is a real fuckslut. You need to bang her like a dirty rotten whore!" 

 Closing her eyes, a small moan escaped Vanessa's lips. 

 In front of the lift, they had to wait a few moments. Meanwhile, the entrance door opened. The secretaries were coming back from lunch and in their fitness- mania they had taken the steps. With a sigh, Vanessa realized that none of them had been able to witness her walking down the corridor naked. 

 She only hoped they wouldn't look too closely at the messenger. She didn't want any rumours starting in the office. 

 Finally, the elevator reached their floor. But before she could step inside, she heard one of her co-workers saying 

 "Enjoy your meal!" 

 Automatically, Vanessa turned around to her and responded with a "Thank you". 

 Then she was inside the elevator. And she realized that Stanton's cum was still on her face. 

 "A whore proudly shows her presents to everyone!" echoed in her head. 

 Her heart stopped for a second. Did the secretary see the goo? Did she realize what it was? 

 Vanessa couldn't tell for sure. She could only pray that they hadn't seen it. It had been pretty dark in the corridor and she had only briefly turned around Vanessa told herself in order to calm herself down. She couldn't deal with it right now anyways. She had other things on hand. 

 She had to fuck this sleazy piece of trailer trash. She even had to go out with him in public. And she had to do anything he wanted. There was no way around it, this man grossed her out. She didn't even want to think of the dirty thoughts that must have been running wild inside his head. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 06 ****** byCathartico© But this was her job, wasn't it? In every job one had to overcome displeasing situations if one wanted to be good at it. And she was dead sure that she was the best office whore ever! 

 As a private person, she stood far over this bottom-feeder. But as the office whore it was her job to please any man. 

 She looked at the messenger's scruffy face. With a lewd glint in her eyes, she asked 

 "Do you want me to eat the cum? I'd like to taste it!" 

 These words surprised her self. Vanessa asked herself how she could act so slutty towards such unworthy scum. She was used to - she deserved better men! 

 Scraping the drying goo together with her French-manicured long fingers, she made a show of licking them slowly clean. Next, she opened her mouth to show him the white cream gathered on her tongue. After a big gulp, she opened her mouth again. It was all gone. 

 Stepping out of the elevators, the two walked straight onto the street. Wearily, Vanessa looked around in hope that she wouldn't see any of her friends on the streets. Every now and then, she used to meet them for lunch in one of those chick restaurants. Therefore, she led the messenger to a restaurant she wouldn't frequent with her friends. 

 During their entire walk, the messenger's hand roamed over her bottom. Vanessa had to fight the urge to slap his hand away. She didn't want to cause any attention and she knew that he was in charge. But still she looked at him with a snobbish look of disgust. The glint in her eyes clearly told the messenger that she wasn't considering the two of them on the same social level. 

 It was a sunny day at the beginning of spring. It wasn't really warm anymore but the sun still had some of its power left. Finally, they found a small Italian restaurant with tables still standing on the outside. It wasn't raining today and Vanessa was very thankful therefore. 

 What had she done if this guy had pushed her inside? What had she done if he had forced her to slip off her coat? 

 Before the waiter came to take their orders, the messenger who was called Joe as he finally told her leaned over to Vanessa and ordered her to loosen her belt in order to let her coat slip open a bit. 

 "He shall see your big fucking tits, slut!" Joe remarked with an evil grin. 

 Vanessa did as he wished although she didn't like the route this lunch seemed to take. She had never exposed herself in public before. And she didn't plan on doing so right now - especially, not in a restaurant so close to her work place and definitely not to please this gross sleazebag. 

 She could almost hear the snide comments from the other guests. She could almost feel their derogative gazes. She felt like the filthiest slut and this anticipation brought the tickling back to her clit. 

 Loosening her belt, she let her tight leather coat slip open a bit. Now a triangle of her impressive round bust was visible and from above one could look deep between her huge cleavage. 

 Finally, the waiter made his way to their table and all at once Vanessa had a bad impression of the restaurant. He was a short pudgy person. His impressive potbelly strained the shirt he was wearing. The buttons looked as if they were blasted any second. His head was round as a bowling ball with stick-straight hair that was already getting thin although he was only in his thirties. And he was sweating profusely making his shirt look soaked and smeary. 

 Overall, an appearance that nauseated Vanessa even more than Joe! 

 At first, he didn't notice Vanessa at all when he stopped in front of their table as he was engrossed in his writing pad. But when she told him her order, he looked up and his eyes grew wide. 

 It seemed like he completely forgot his job, his eyes glued to her bust. 

 From the corner of her eye, Vanessa could see that Joe enjoyed the situation immensely. 

 "Bastard!" she thought to herself. 

 She didn't know what grossed her out more. The joy this sleazy piece of trash had forcing her to act all slutty or this fat man's open lust. 

 Somehow, she had to admit that this fatso's adoration for her excited her. But still, he looked so repulsive giving her creeps. 

 After a few moments that seemed like eternity to Vanessa, Joe finally raised his voice to place his own order tearing the chubby waiter out of his haze. 

 When he was gone, Joe remarked with a devilish grin plastered onto his face 

 "What a beautiful fuckslut we got here! And I'm gonna enjoy everything she got to offer!" 

 With a shudder she realized that she better not tried thinking about what this bottom-feeder would come up with for her. 

 Out of the blue, she surprised herself by saying 

 "Please, test the limits of this dogbitch! She'll be a good whore for you!" 

 A fire erupted in Vanessa's loins when she heard herself purring these humiliating words. She knew that her lust would make her do anything for this guy although he nauseated her beyond believe. This realization only fuelled her voracity even more. Deep inside, she knew that she eagerly anticipated further degradation. 

 When the waiter came back with their food, Joe made Vanessa skid back with her chair. He wanted her to push her coat up presenting her shapely thighs. By now, Vanessa was so turned on that she further increased the naughtiness of the situation by running her fine French-manicured hand invitingly over the smooth skin of her thighs. 

 While walking towards them, the waiter only had eyes for Vanessa -- or better for her lean naked legs. After he had placed their food on their table, he asked if they had any further wishes over and over again trying to stay there as long as possible. All the while, his eyes were glued to Vanessa's enormous rack. 

 Vanessa was so horny, she could barely enjoy her meal as her cunt demanded her entire attention. All the time, she had to concentrate on the food to prevent her hand from wandering to her sopping gash. 

 During their meal, the two didn't talk a lot. But even this bit was enough to deepen Vanessa's impression that Joe was not only looking like trailer trash but also did behave like a total sleazeball. 

 Her mind was still gnawing at the thought of having to fuck this trashy guy. The imagination still didn't appeal to her self-image of a slut for wealthy business men on job and a posh lady in private. 

 But her body told her the opposite. Her sopping wet cunt yearned for the humiliation of getting fucked like a vulgar common whore. And unconsciously, she was rubbing her legs together in an attempt to quench the itch in her pussy. 

 This didn't remain unnoticed by Joe. After finishing his meal, he leaned forward and said 

 "Come on, bitch, your cunt needs some stretching! I wanna see three fingers up there! 

 Automatically, Vanessa looked around. At the moment, all the other guests seemed absorbed in their meal or conversation. 

 They would definitely notice her lewd behaviour, wouldn't they? They would be thrown out of the restaurant, wouldn't they? 

 Personally, she knew no one present but still this was simply too much to risk, wasn't it? Her snatch told her otherwise. 

 And what would Joe do if she didn't obey his orders? He didn't strike her as very empathetic. He would come up with something even more obscene! 

 So she lewdly raised her left eyebrow and provocatively sucked her index finger between her luscious full red lips. Again, she skidded back from the table and bawdily spread her legs to expose her clean shaven cunt to the sleazy messenger. 

 As they were sitting at one end of the patio directly next to the building, Joe's back hid most of her. But the tables at the other side allowed a clear view at her. 

 Slowly, she directed her fingers to the centre of her burning lust. When she finally pressed her index finger against her hot clit, she had to throw her had back and suppress a loud moan. She softly scratched her cunt lips with her French-manicured nails before she finally pushed two fingers inside. This time, a small groan escaped her lips. 

 From the corner of her eye, she could see that none of the other diners had noticed yet. They were too engrossed in their meals and conversation. 

 But then her gaze wandered further along to the sidewalk. And suddenly her heart was in her boots. There stood a woman she knew from the country club and was looking for a free table! 

 While she watched the woman taking place with her husband, Joe gave her another order. First she didn't even notice him. But then he repeated his command in a loud stern voice. 

 "Your cunt needs another finger, bitch!" 

 Vanessa's eyes flew to the sides checking every table. Had they heard his words? 

 No one showed a reaction except for an old white haired guy who glanced at her knowingly. Automatically, she sluttishly blinked at him to let him know that he had understood the words completely right. 

 Then her eyes roamed on. Had her friend noticed? She was one of the biggest gossip girls Vanessa knew. Tomorrow, every member of the country club would know about it! Luckily, she didn't show a reaction yet. 

 Vanessa sighed audibly. She definitely couldn't risk getting caught by a club member. Still, she slid another few inches forward on the chair and spread her legs even wider. Then she pushed a fourth finger inside her hot dripping cunt and started working them in and out. 

 She could see the old men staring right at her and beginning to wriggle on his chair before he pointed the sluttish display out to his buddy. Next, two pairs of eyes were magnetized to her obscenely open snatch. Vanessa could almost see the drool starting to run out of their mouths providing another lustful kick to her. 

 Still, she hadn't caught her friend's eye. But the fear of getting caught was adding another sensation to her sopping cunt. 

 Finally, the waiter came with the bill. Even from far, she could notice his greedy eyes scraping up her legs to her open crotch. A shudder reminded her of his ugliness. 

 When he eventually reached their table, Vanessa was still working her fingers in and out of her cunt. He was greeted by Joe like an old buddy. Then, the sleazy messenger made Vanessa's blood freeze when he asked 

 "Do you like the slut fucking her cunt?" 

 "What a nasty whore!" the waiter exclaimed. 

 For the following minute, Joe engaged him in a discussion about the slut's pussy and what they'd like to do with it. Even worse, they were almost shouting at each other. More and more guests became aware of their conversation trying to see what was going on. 

 Vanessa's face turned the darkest shade of red and she instantly hoped to sink into the ground. Her eyes remained fixed onto her friend. She was sitting on the other end of the patio, too far away to notice what was going on. But the diners around them were becoming uneasy. 

 A woman sitting at the table behind Joe started clearing her throat audibly making the waiter aware of the fuss they had caused. Joe only laughed. His plan had worked. 

 Hastily, the waiter cashed in their money. Of course, Vanessa had to pay for both meals. He waited for the tip until Joe told him 

 "The slut wants to give you a special tip!" 

 The pudgy guy's eyes almost popped out of his face when he understood the meaning of these words. He was just as surprised as Vanessa. She thought she couldn't believe her ears. But Joe's stern expression convinced her from the opposite. 

 The waiter stood in front of them not moving for several moments. Eventually, he caught himself and hissed at Vanessa 

 "Meet me in the backyard!" 

 Then he was gone. Still, Vanessa couldn't stop looking after him. He was such a fat ugly guy she just couldn't picture herself getting any closer to him -- or even touching him! The thought alone gave her creeps. And she didn't move. 

 "Go fuckwhore!" Joe's order shot at her. 

 Slowly, Vanessa turned around and looked at Joe. A fire of hate and revolt burned in her eyes. Her entire mind screamed at him calling him any name in the world. 

 She wouldn't do it! She wouldn't take orders from such a piece of trash. She was an elegant woman! She had friends in the city's exclusive country club! 

 But before she could open her mouth to curse him out, her legs started moving. She felt herself standing up as if her mind had lost any will power over her body. 

 Was it the harsh orders? Was it the anticipation of humiliation? Was it the horniness that had increased further and further? 

 She didn't know and her body didn't care. At work, she was the slut and by now, her body had internalized this cognition giving her no other choice. 

 Slowly but proudly gyrating her hips, she walked away from the table feeling any men's eyes glued to her apple bottom. She felt like standing beside herself watching her body act on autopilot while she walked into the small lane next to the restaurant. 

 Behind the house, there was a little backyard that was enclosed by other buildings from three sides. The only open side let to the small lane she was walking down right now. 

 With the buildings' high walls, there wasn't a lot of light falling into the court. At first view, Vanessa realized that it was mainly used as a dumpster. Only trash cans and lots of garbage bags stood around. The ground was heavily soiled with old cardboards lying around. 

 Seeing this foul place, a lump formed in Vanessa's throat. This was definitely no place Vanessa would frequent on her own initiative - even less seek out to have sex. 

 But she didn't have any time to reconsider her -- or rather her body's - - decision. The waiter was already leaning at the wall flashing a smeary grin at her which emphasized his greasy appearance even more. 

 Again, Vanessa's gaze immediately wandered to his fat potbelly straining the shirt and hanging over his trousers. This guy had definitely enjoyed a few beers too much in his days. And still, he was sweating like a pig, dark stains of sweat forming under his armpits. 

 Involuntarily, a shudder made her tremble. But still, her legs moved forward towards the fat man. 

 It would happen! She would have sex with this fatso! Now, she could only try to get it over as fast as possible getting him off with anything she got. 

 She was nervous as hell though. She had never done any lewd thing in public before. What if any one accidentally passed by? Would they call the police? Would they watch the whore's show? 

 When she finally reached the ugly guy, she immediately grabbed his shirt with her hands and pushed herself into him. Through the leather coat she could feel his bulging paunch against her tight body. 

 She had always looked down upon fat people. She considered them weak and without will power. But any second now, she would fuck such a fatso. 

 She released the waiter's shirt and took a few steps back. Gyrating her hips tantalizingly, she ran her hands down her sides. Then, she loosened the belt and let the coat fall open -- a bit for a bit. Ever so slowly, her impressive mounds became visible. More and more of her beautifully tanned globes appeared. 

 Vanessa could see the potbellied guy running his tongue over his protruding thick lips in anticipation. 

 Eventually, her big soft tits sprung completely out of their prison. Keeping her coat closed around her hips, the fabric pressed Vanessa's ripe melons together from three sides making them appear even larger. With her French- manicured nails, she grabbed each nipple and started rolling them between thumb and index finger. 

 When they stood proudly up, she turned around and leaned forward. Pushing the black leather coat up over her round apple bottoms, she wiggled her butt provocatively. Then, she pulled her cheeks apart with one hand on each side exposing her tiny wrinkled asshole. Her ripe puffy slit already glistened invitingly and her little puckered butthole winked enticingly at the guy. 

 With two fingers, she spread her outer cunt lips apart exposing her soft pink inner pussy flesh. Meanwhile, she ran her other hand over her smooth ass cheek until she dipped two fingers deep into her hot gash. Slowly, she drove them in and out of her sopping pussy making squishing sounds. 

 "A big hard cock is so much better!" she purred egging the waiter on. 

 Pushing herself back up, she let the coat fall down hiding her buttocks again. Turning around, she finally let the coat drop to the ground. 

 There she stood completely naked except for her 5" stiletto heels, black stockings and precious accessories. Hesitating for a moment, she looked to the small lane to make sure that they were alone -- as if it would make any difference. 

 Suddenly, the plump waiter moved with surprising speed. Then he stood directly in front of her. 

 "I've waited long enough whore!" he bellowed. "Show the world what a fuckslut you really are!" 

 Before she had a chance to react, he kissed her straight on the mouth. His beard scraped over her soft cheeks and she could smell his bad breath. But even worse, the biting stench of sweat and body-odour hit her nose taking her breath away. 

 While driving his tongue inside her mouth, he kept walking forward until Vanessa's back hit the wall. 

 Next, his strong hands grabbed her ample funbags and started kneading them roughly. 

 "You got great tits, bitch!" he remarked. 

 After a while of mauling her tits like raw flesh, he stopped kissing her. 

 Suddenly, pain surged through her body. Looking deeply into her eyes, he dug his fingers deep into her tits pinching her globes hard -- real hard. He squeezed with all his might causing Vanessa to wince in agony as the pain travelled throughout her chest. 

 She cried out to him 

 "Stop!! Please, stop!!" 

 But he didn't react. 

 She tried to pull away. 

 But that only made it worse. 

 His steely grasp was firm and her tits felt like they were ripped off her chest. His grip was like a vice she couldn't escape. 

 Adding even more pressure onto her soft knockers, he began pressing downwards. Vanessa's legs started wobbling from the pain and she was forced to sink down onto the dirty soiled ground. 

 The elegant posh secretary adorned with an expensive silver necklace and exuding an arrogant attitude was now kneeling naked amidst garbage in front of an ugly fatso. She was offering all her fuckholes to this guy and letting him abuse her tits. 

 A picture that deeply burned itself into Vanessa's mind. 

 As soon as her knees hit the ground, her hands went to the waiter's zipper. She first had to get his bulging paunch out of the way before she could open the fly and flip his cock out. She wasn't looking too happy but right now she would do anything to take his mind off her tits. 

 It was kinda hart to pull his dick out under his fatring. When she had freed his tool, she stroked it several times. Blinking her tears away, she provocatively looked up at him. Trying to stimulate him further, she asked 

 "Hmm, do you like that?" 

 In return, she received a slap to her cheek. 

 "I can do this myself, whore! Your mouth is not for talking but sucking!" 

 Involuntarily, Vanessa let out a moan. Despite the surroundings, despite the torment of her tits, despite having to please an ugly lardass, she could feel her pussy running out. Her tits were radiating pain only adding fuel to the fire burning in her loins. 

 "Lick my salty balls, fucking skank!" he continued. "I bet you'll like its sweaty taste." 

 Vanessa looked up at him. It was kinda hard to see his face from her position as his massive paunch was in the way. Licking the sweaty unwashed balls of some fat ugly guy wasn't something she was explicitly looking forward to. 

 It wouldn't be worse than sucking dick fresh from her ass, would it? It would get him off faster! That was the only goal at hand right now. 

 Slowly, she lifted his dick up and lowered her face to his balls. She could smell him. The biting stench burned in her nose. Sticking her tongue out, it touched the hairy flesh. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 06 ****** byCathartico© At once, the taste hit her. It was salty and bitter. 

 "I can't believe such a beautiful girl could be such a dirty whore!" the waiter exclaimed. 

 This comment egged her on. He would never fuck a filthier whore in his entire life -- and definitely no prettier slut. 

 Vanessa grunted loudly to show him how much she loved being his sleazy slut performing perverted acts in open daylight. 

 She kept on running her tongue over his entire balls eventually sucking them in one after the other. She bathed them in her spit until she had licked off all remnants of sweat and dirt. A vile layer of filth was left on her tongue. 

 Then the pudgy guy grabbed Vanessa's hands and pushed them up over her head keeping them fixed. 

 "Open that whore mouth!" he barked emphasizing the order with another slap to her red cheek. 

 Vanessa barely had a chance to open her lips before he ruthlessly thrashed his rigid cock inside with full force. At once, his shaft drove down her throat making her gag violently. 

 Vanessa wasn't able to move anymore. Her head was pressed against the wall, her hands were held tightly above her head. All she could do was to keep her mouth open. 

 At least, he had stopped kneading her tits so roughly. But she knew very well that she would feel his hands for a long time on her tits. 

 The fatso fucked her face like a loose cunt not giving a fuck about the drool running out of the corners of her mouth or the gurgles and gags emanating from her throat. He simply thrust his erect shaft in and out of her mouth. 

 After several minutes, he finally took a break. Vanessa had to cough from the onslaught hawking up thick white strings of saliva which remained hanging down her chin. 

 With an evil grin, the ugly guy gathered these strands together holding the slobbery icky mass over her face. 

 "Open your fucking kisser, filthy whore!" 

 If Vanessa hadn't been in full slut mode by now, this would have been too much for her. Even in this state of mind, the mass looked extremely revolting and nasty. She nearly had to retch from the sight alone. 

 Did she really want to taste it? Could she bring herself to open her mouth? 

 While she was still hesitating, she suddenly heard herself say 

 "Give it to this cumwhore. Treat this stupid fuckcow as she deserves!" 

 At once, he let the slobber dribble onto Vanessa's tongue and snidely wiped the remnants off his hand onto her cheek. Closing her mouth, Vanessa could feel the sticky wet mass. It tasted just as it had looked -- incredibly foul. She hurried to swallow it down as fast as she could but still she needed two gulps before it was fully gone. 

 The bastard enormously enjoyed the faces she made during this task. When she had finally succeeded in choking it down, she looked proudly at him with an expectant expression on her face. Stroking her right cheek, he remarked 

 "What a well-behaved fuckpig!" 

 With a shudder, Vanessa came. Her lewd obscene behaviour and the fat man's humiliating name-calling was all it had taken to give her an orgasm. 

 The sweating plump guy didn't let her dwell on her orgasm though as he grabbed her hair and yanked her up onto her feet by it. With his vice grip, he turned her roughly around and made her bend over. This way, she had to push her ass out while he dragged her forward on her hair. He was heading right to one of the steel trash cans. 

 Realizing where this was going, Vanessa started begging 

 "No, please, no! It's so dirty! It's repulsive! I don't do that!" 

 As she was in a completely helpless position, the waiter only laughed though remarking 

 "The filthy cunt doesn't deserve anything clean! You're a gutter whore and the dumpster is just were you belong!" 

 Following his words with actions, he pushed her upper body down onto the trash can. Her delicate creamy tits were pressed onto the dirty manky lid of the can. Goosebumps of disgust covered Vanessa's body. This was too gross. 

 Moving around, she tried to get away from the fat guy. But in one swift motion, he drove his throbbing meat into her cunt, stopping her futile attempts. Despite Vanessa's disgust, her pussy was so wet that squishing sounds arose from it. 

 The waiter used his heavy bodyweight to press her down onto the trash can while he pounded away at her cunt. This way, her big abused juggs rubbed painfully over the rough rugged material. His weight on her was enormous. 

 "Please, let me ride you!" Vanessa begged. 

 "You think I'm too fat for you!" the waiter taunted her. 

 Meanwhile, he let his full weight drop onto her with his next thrust. The impact knocked all air out of Vanessa suffocating any further pleads. 

 Instead, she started moaning and groaning wildly. She couldn't stop her grunts. The pain from her tits, the pleasure from her gash, the nastiness of the waiter's potbelly hitting against her buttocks and the disgust of getting fucked in a garbage dump consumed her entire being. She was close to cumming. She could already feel it building up. 

 Suddenly, the ugly fat guy vigorously pulled on her hair again and forced her onto her knees. A second later, white streams of goo shot out of his cock right onto her face. Such a massive load erupted from his dick as if he hadn't cum for several weeks. Strand after strand of white thick cum coated her face. 

 But the cock was gone from her pussy! She had been so close to cumming. She needed the cock, she needed relief. 

 Immediately, her hand went to her cunt and she drove three fingers straight into it. Throwing her head back, a grunt escaped her lips. 

 The next second, her hand was roughly pushed off her pussy. 

 "Got no time for that shit!" Joe's voice brought Vanessa back to reality. She had almost forgotten about the sleazy messenger but now he was back again. 

 He pulled her up onto her feet and threw the black leather coat at her. While she put it on, Vanessa looked at the fat waiter for the last time. He was leaning at the wall smoking a cigarette and grinning at her. 

 The thought that she had just fucked someone that ugly caused another shudder to rush through her body. And it imploded in her clit finally breaking the dam. A mind-numbing orgasm washed over her. It was so forceful that it made her legs quiver uncontrollably. She had to grab Joe's arm to keep her self steady. 

 When she had somewhat composed herself again, Joe pulled her out of the backyard. He had used the time and driven his post car into the small lane. Now he pushed her onto the passenger seat and started the engine. 

 "The glazing makes your whore face look even better!" he remarked looking at her. 

 Vanessa realized that the waiter's cum was still garnering her face. At once, her hand went to her cheek to scrape it off. Joe stopped her in her tracks though saying 

 "Leave it on, slut! You're still my whore for the day, remember that!" 

 He was damn right about it. Vanessa still hadn't touched him the slightest. But after their little restaurant escapade, she wasn't exactly looking forward to his next adventure. 

 With a small voice, she managed to ask 

 "Where are we going?" 

 "You'll see!" was all she received as an answer. 

 * 

 To be continued... 

 Vanessa's day as a whore for the sleazy messenger goes on. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 07 ****** byCathartico© It had already been a long day for Vanessa. After getting used by the fat waiter, she felt emotionally drained. But she knew that her day was far from over. 

 Right now, she was sitting in a post car next to this sleazebag of a messenger called Joe. She didn't know what he planned doing with her next. But honestly, she thought it was better this way. 

 After a short drive, they arrived at a trailer park. The sight of the white shabby trailers was enough to bring up feelings of disdain and detestation in Vanessa. This was a place she never wanted to put a foot into again. 

 She felt like immediately running away but knew very well that it wouldn't make sense. She had too much to lose. So she had to pull it through now – if she liked it or not. 

 Gulping her feelings down, she stepped out of the post car. Taking a look around, she could see that it was a small trailer park. Only a few trailers were forming a square. In front of one, several middle aged guys sat playing cards. They looked like role models of white trash men making Vanessa gulp once again. 

 Joe grabbed her neck forcing her to bend down under his firm grip. He dragged her towards one of the trailers parading her in front of these repulsing bottom-feeders. She still had cum on her face and the tight coat emphasized any curve of her shapely body. 

 His grip was so strong that she winced in pain. 

 "Please, you're hurting me!" she begged him to let her go. 

 This only caused Joe to scream right in her face. 

 "Keep that fucking mouth, whore!" 

 As an answer Vanessa could hear the guys holler cheering at Joe. 

 "Yeah Joey, treat the bitch as she deserves!" One of them called after Joe when they passed by. 

 Vanessa tried not to look at them attempting to blend them out of her mind. 

 The realization that she would get fucked inside a battered trailer by an brute white trash guy was already nauseating. The fact that she was getting humiliated in front of some real bottom-feeders would be simply too much for her right now. 

 Her whole body was under extreme tension goose bumps covering it entirely. She had thought that the worst degradation of the day lay behind her but now she was proven wrong. This was more humiliating by far. 

 When they finally reached Joe's trailer, Vanessa was hit by another surprise. He didn't lead her inside. Instead, he stopped in his tracks and told her to drop the coat. 

 His voice didn't allow any resistance so Vanessa obeyed immediately. Then suddenly, she was unceremoniously thrown face first onto an old rotten couch that stood in front of the trailer. 

 When her knees impacted, she realized how damp and filthy it had become from standing outside for such a long time. It stunk as if being soaked in piss. 

 This was too much! This nasty bastard was going too far! 

 Vanessa tried getting off the couch with all power she got. In response, Joe grabbed her neck again holding her steady. Turning his head around, he yelled to his friends 

 "C'mon guys, we got a snobbish bitch here that needs to be taught some manners!" 

 With her face held down by Joe's vice grip, Vanessa couldn't see what was happening but she could hear the guys cheering and quickly coming to his help. They grabbed her arms and held them tight rendering Vanessa immobile. 

 The stench of the couch was so rank that it made Vanessa nauseas. But suddenly, her mind was taken off the smell. 

 Joe now had both hands free and made good use of it. He softly ran his hand over the curve of her ass causing Vanessa's heart to beat faster by the second in anticipation of his next move. 

 Then it came. 

 And it hit her fully on the snatch. He slapped her firmly right onto her helpless cunt! 

 "Aargh!" 

 A scream erupted from Vanessa's mouth. Her butt wiggled to ease the pain. With all her power, she tried to shake Joe's friends off. But they held her steady. 

 Enraged, Joe yelled at her. 

 "So you think you're better than us?" 

 Vanessa gritted her teeth in agony but answered under her breath. 

 "Yeah, I'm definitely better than you!" 

 This only caused Joe to laugh out madly getting even more furious. 

 "Let's see if you can fuck better than think! We're gonna teach you what you're good for, whore!" 

 With these words, he started giving it real hard to her snatch abusing her quivering cunt with ever harder faster slaps. By now, Vanessa's slit glowed angrily red. 

 Tears shot into her eyes. She tried not to utter a peep fighting the urge to scream. But she couldn't help it. Finally, she began yelling - partly from pain but even more from anger about his words. 

 She was an elegant lady! This white trash could be happy that she would condescend to take a look at him! 

 With every slap, her cunt made more squishing sounds. Again, the abuse made Vanessa horny as hell and she knew it very well. This made her scream even more from anger. She didn't want to get aroused from the humiliation these creeps were dishing out to her. 

 She couldn't suppress it! 

 The fire in her loins had been ignited once more and now it had to be quenched by any means. Her lust was overpowering her mind. She would do anything for any man now. 

 Unintentionally, her crotch began stretching towards Joe's hand which dished out further severe slaps. Her screams slowly turned into grunts. Despite her anger and despite her disgust, she started unconsciously egging Joe on. 

 "Yeah, spank the stupid fuckcow! She deserves it! Slap her whorish cunt! Fuck her worthless pussy!" 

 While his hand landed another time on her brightly red glowing cunt, he slowly drove his index finger into her puckered asshole. 

 "Aaaargh!" Vanessa let out still gritting her teeth. "Do you like my tight little ass?" 

 The sleazy messenger answered with a slap to her buttock. 

 "I'm gonna break it for good now, fuckpig!" 

 "Aargh, yeah!" she groaned. "This snobbish dogbitch loves getting fucked up her ass! Please, stretch that dirty hole! Give it to the filthy bitch hard!" 

 Finally, a grin appeared on Joe's scruffy face. 

 The slaps to her cunt and the finger up her butthole had caused Vanessa to focus entirely onto her body and the emotions running wild inside it. Her surroundings had been completely forgotten. Again, the new sensation of pleasure and pain was consuming Vanessa's being. Without thinking about it, she exclaimed 

 "Please mister, let this vulgar whore lick your fingers clean!" 

 Her entire being only followed her craving right now. She couldn't get humiliated enough, she couldn't get fucked hard enough. She wanted, she needed anything that increased her lust. 

 Of course, Joe didn't hesitate to satisfy her wish. Vanessa happily munched on his fingers savouring the musky bitter taste she had gotten used to. By now, she associated this taste with extreme sluttiness and got immensely aroused by it. With licking sweaty unwashed balls and fucking ugly men, further associations were getting added today. 

 Joe grabbed her hair again and forced her to kneel back on the couch. Joe's friends didn't have to hold her anymore. Instead, Vanessa was spreading her ass cheeks wide apart by herself. She eagerly awaited a cock to fill her yearning holes. Vanessa felt like her whole body was on fire - not only her loins were burning from desire but every nerve and vein. 

 The few seconds she was kneeling there seemed like hours to her. She couldn't take the wait. She needed a cock. She needed relief. 

 "Please Sir, fuck the bitch's ass! Ram her dirthole good! Please!" she begged him impatiently. 

 Finally, she could feel a gob of spit land accurately on her asshole. She could already sense the guy's dick at her back entrance. Anticipating a strong push, she relaxed her anal muscles. 

 But nothing happened. This piece of trash just held his rigid cock at her puckered anal ring slightly brushing against it. 

 He played with her. 

 Vanessa couldn't wait anymore. She couldn't stand this Chinese torture anymore. She needed cock! 

 Lifting herself up, she tried to engulf his hard shaft. He didn't move a bit though. Vanessa pressed her bottom back as hard as she could. But without any lube her tight asshole didn't give way so easily. 

 Feverishly, Vanessa pushed and pushed. She felt the pain her anal ring emitted while fighting the intrusion. It grew bigger and bigger. Together with the gnawing agony that radiated from her cunt, it only increased her craving. 

 With a plop her sphincter gave in. At last, she had impaled her ass on this seazeball's dick without any help! 

 A sigh of relief escaped her mouth and she started working her ass like never before giving herself a superior reaming. 

 Joe still didn't move a bit letting her do all the work and enjoying her efforts. After several minutes of Vanessa pushing her own ass up and down his rigid shaft, he pulled his cock out of her asshole. 

 Vanessa whined and strained to reach it again. But to no avail. 

 "Spread those cheeks so I can see your hollow ass pipe, fuckpig!" he bellowed at her emphasizing his command with a slap to her right ass cheek. 

 As fast as she could, her French-manicured hands went back to her ass spreading her cheeks apart. She could feel another gob of spit flying directly into her open ass chute. 

 "Spread your asshole as far as you can, fucking bitch!" a new order was directed at Vanessa – this time coming from one of Joe's friends. 

 She obeyed by thrusting two fingers of each hand into her open ass. Amazed how wide her asshole seemed to gape, she exerted some pressure onto her quivering sphincter muscle stretching her open hole even wider. 

 "Yeah, that's what we wanna see!" another guy remarked. "A sleazy whore with a torn-open ass winking at us!" 

 The next second, Joe drilled his cock straight into her ass without giving Vanessa a chance to pull her fingers out of it. This way, his cock filled her rectum while her fingers were still inside her asshole pulling her anal ring apart. And now, he gave it to her real hard wrecking her ass for good. 

 "Aaah, aaah, aaah!" was all Vanessa could utter anymore 

 Vanessa's ass had never been loaded that much. With her fingers caught inside her rear, she was absolutely immobile. Helpless to every act, these creeps could think of. 

 Joe rammed her ass for more than 15 minutes only giving her a break when he pulled his dick out of her loosened asshole to spit into it and show the immense gape to the other guys. 

 Vanessa was reduced to a whimpering groaning mass of flesh and she came over and over again. 

 Finally, the sleazebag of a messenger gripped her hair again and forced her into a sitting position. A second later, a huge white flood of jizz shot out of his cock adding more goo to the crusty dried cum that already covered her face. 

 Like a good little slut, Vanessa licked his cockhead clean before she looked up again. 

 Joe expectantly looked back and Vanessa knew exactly what he wanted. Gulping her revulsion down, she said 

 "Thank you, Sir! Thank you for showing this snobbish bitch her place." 

 With a triumphant grin, Joe stepped to the side. Now, Vanessa could see his friends. They were sitting in camping seats in front of the trailer like watching a game on TV. They had pulled out their hard cocks yanking them while enjoying her getting fucked up by Joe. 

 Vanessa knew then that it was far from over. This was going to be a long day. Her body was going to be their plaything for the rest of the afternoon. 

 For the first time, she had a chance to take a closer look at Joe's white trash friends. Overall, it was a group of four. And they all looked like picture- perfect trailer habitants. 

 One of them was a huge guy. He looked like a bear of a man which was further emphasised by his nickname – Hulk. And he definitely had some pounds too much on his bones. The guy with the name Billy was a bit smaller and so thin that the bones were visible under his skin. His hair was balding but he tried to compensate it by letting the remaining hair grow long at the sides. It looked like a chaplet with long fringes reaching down to the shoulders. The third guy - Johnny – had long greasy hair and overall looked in dire need of a shower. He also got an impressive potbelly, something Vanessa was seeing a lot lately. 

 All of them were well in their forties. Only Tommy Boy – the final guy – was a bit younger than the rest. Ironically, he looked like coming directly out of the 80s with his mustache and curly hair. 

 Altogether, their appearance alone made Vanessa shake in disgust – even now in her over-aroused state. Her lust was still burning inside her body. To her own shock, she had to admit that her body was yearning for the guys' cock and their ugly appearance only increased her horniness further. 

 With a quick step, Hulk was over her. His odour of alcohol and sweat hit her like a fist. Not waiting for a second, he shoved her down onto the couch pinning her knees above her head. Without warning, he drove his rigid member into her asshole. Joe had done a good job fucking her once tiny puckered sphincter into a swollen raw hole leaving it as burning red as her abused cunt. The hard penetration made Vanessa grunt out loud. 

 "Hold your legs up, fuckcow!" he ordered and she obeyed at once. 

 Now, he had his hands free and started continuing Joe's work. With every thrust into her stretched anal chute, he gave a smack to her glowing snatch. 

 Vanessa answered with a mixture of groans and shrieks much to the joy of the others who started whooping and clapping. 

 So much pleasure, so much pain – it was almost too much for her mind to take. The constant state of delight made her dizzy but nevertheless an earth shattering orgasm hit her. 

 Hulk didn't pay attention to her reactions though. Instead, he started alternating between ass-thrusts and pussy-slaps. He would give her torrid cunt a good hard smack and afterwards pound away at her quivering asshole for several thrusts repeating this act over and over again. 

 When he ultimately came, he fucked her through the whole thing not stopping once. His cock pushed his cum even further into her over-used colon. When his balls were finally empty, he stopped pumping her asshole and slipped his cock out. 

 Again, Vanessa had to lick her own ass juices off his dick. Again she had to say 

 "Thank you, Sir! Thank you for treating this stupid whore as she deserves!" 

 Slowly, a more honest tone started swinging in her words. 

 Next, it was Billy's turn - the thin guy with the chaplet of hair. As his predecessor, he pushed his hard dick straight into her sphincter only to exclaim 

 "Woah, this dogbitch got an asshole so loose I bet she's been a whore for years!" 

 With a devilish glint in his eyes, he looked at Vanessa and told her 

 "Guess, I gotta use that burning red fuckhole you got! You don't mind, do you fuckslut?" 

 Not waiting for an answer, he grabbed the base of his cock and rammed it into Vanessa's glowing gash. She was still holding her legs together above her head. Thereby, her pussy was tightly squeezed shut and was now ripped open mercilessly. 

 This time, Vanessa shrieked out in a horrific tone. Billy answered by pumping her pussy even harder - as powerful and fast as he could leaning into her and making her ass bounce on the couch. 

 Vanessa's over-sensitive cunt became her entire world. The feelings were overwhelming her. The pain from her raw cunt and the pleasure from finally having her pussy filled were intense. 

 Throwing her head from side to side, she felt like falling into unconsciousness any moment. The pain and pleasure merging into one indescribable feeling and increasing itself mutually. 

 Billy continued pumping her snatch with a vengeance for the next ten minutes. For Vanessa though, it seemed like hours. 

 Finally, he came flooding Vanessa's hot hole with gallons of cum. When he pulled out of Vanessa's cunt, her arms slept limply to the sides, her legs sliding down. Her pussy was still constricting in small orgasms. 

 "Yeah, Billy! You really fucked the bitch up!" his friends cheered giving him high fives. 

 Vanessa's legs were still quivering when Johnny and Tommy Boy approached. From near distance, Johnny's long hair glistened even more repulsive from all the grease. 

 He sat down next to her and pulled her onto his lap. At first, Vanessa thought he was going to shove his big dick into her gnawing pussy but instead he squeezed the head of his shaft into her ass while slowly pulling her back. She shuddered as she slid down on his cock until she felt his balls resting at her cunt. 

 Meanwhile, Tommy Boy had positioned himself next to her putting his dick in front of her lips. Vanessa took his dick willingly into her mouth and started sucking on it. He had a pretty impressive long shaft. Vanessa first slurped on its head for a while until she pushed her head down onto it. When it hit the back of her mouth, she had to open her throat to let it slide down. She pushed her head further down until her nose got tickled by his pubic hair. Triumphantly, she looked up at the sleazy guy 

 All the while, Johnny held her in place fucking her from beneath. He pumped in and out of her asshole until whining noises emerged around the cock in Vanessa's mouth. 

 With a slurping sound, Tommy Boy pulled out of her hot mouth and positioned himself in front of her. Vanessa expected him to ram his cock into her cunt next. But instead, Johnny lifted her up letting his shaft slip out of her quivering bunghole. 

 "Spread your ass, fuckwhore!" he ordered. 

 Vanessa pulled hard on her cheeks presenting an impressive wide gape to the white trash audience. Her formerly tiny puckered hole stood obscenely open with the edges swollen and raw. 

 The next second, Tommy Boy's long thick tool was hammered into this abused hole with all might. He pumped several thrusts deeply into it - so forcefully that Johnny had problems holding her up. 

 Then he pulled out and Johnny drove his rigid member back in from beneath ramming her vigorously for several hard pumps. 

 The two continued this act over and over again. While interchanging, each one had the chance to take a break and gather strength. This way, they could fuck her asshole harder and hold out longer. 

 The gape Vanessa presented to the other friends when she was lifted up grew wider and wider. By now, the hole was so big that the pink meat of her colon was visible. And she was cumming over and over again. 

 Finally, they were growing a little tired. But they still hadn't cum yet! 

 They simply changed positions and went on. Now, Tommy Boy sat down on the couch pushing Vanessa's ass onto his straining shaft. Only this time, Johnny didn't wait for his turn at her asshole. Instead, he pushed his dick into her cunt filling both her holes at the same time. The large cock in her pussy tightened her loose ass back around Tommy Boy's thick dick while both pounded away at her holes. 

 Vanessa had been screaming for so long she was hoarse by now. All she could do was whimper in pain and pleasure. 

 When the two were finally ready to burst, they pushed Vanessa off. Standing in front of the couch, they stroked their dicks until they came. Spurt after spurt of hot goo shot out of their erupting cocks - and landed on the back of the soaked rotten coach. The white mass was so thick that it stuck to it like glue. 

 

 Coming down from her high, Vanessa looked at them in terror and revulsion. The couch was repulsively damp and stank like an entire dumpster. She already felt so dirty and filthy from having to lie on it. But now far worse was coming up to her. 

 When the balls of the two sleazebags were eventually drained, Johnny grabbed Vanessa's hair and pushed her forward. With all her power, Vanessa tried resisting. She pressed her hands against the back of the couch to keep her face from touching the soaked fabric again. 

 It was in vain. Tommy Boy simply slapped her arms away like an annoying fly. Vanessa growled at him furiously trying to slap Johnny Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 07 ****** byCathartico© "You, bastards! This is disgusting! You're revolting!" 

 "No, bitch!" Johnny hissed in response towering over her. "You're the disgusting sleazewhore here!" 

 His words took the strength out of Vanessa and Johnny took his chance. 

 With the entire group of white trash bottom-feeders laughing at her, Johnny pressed her face against the rancid manky fabric. Chills ran up and down Vanessa's spine and she had to retch violently from the stink that hit her nose. With pleasure, Johnny rubbed her cheek on the damp mucky material. 

 Then he ordered with a grim voice 

 "Push that fucking tongue out, dogbitch! 

 Vanessa screamed out 

 "No, you fucking assholes!" 

 In response, she only received a stinging slap to the side of her left tit. 

 "Aargh!" she cried out. 

 "Better don't get us started getting rough with you!" Johnny spit at her while she rubbed her burning tit. 

 Vanessa didn't want to find out what he meant with rough considering that they had already abused her cunt mercilessly. 

 Gulping down her repulsion she slowly stuck out her tongue. 

 "Lick up our nasty cum, fuckpig!" Tommy Boy remarked dishing out another slap to the tit. 

 Vanessa winced out. The new pain got her going and hastily she moved to the sticky cum glued to the rancid back of the couch. When her tongue finally touched the fabric, she had to retch again. This time, she heaved so hard that some puke came up. She was able to keep it in her mouth but had to taste the vile mass before gulping it back down. 

 Her entire body shivered while she fulfilled her task. It was the must repulsive thing she had ever done and she strived to get it over with as fast as possible. 

 The cum had already started drying so she had to press her tongue hard against the putrid fabric to scrape it off. Thereby, she got even more of the taste into her mouth. It was unspeakably vile. Over and over again, she had to stop from dry heaves. 

 With all jizz finally gathered inside her mouth, she looked at the guys and opened her lips. The thick gooey mass covered her entire tongue. All guys were able to see her throat muscles move as she swallowed the vile cream. She took one gulp then she started choking and gagging violently. 

 The group of men went crazy though yelling obscenities at her. 

 "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! You filthy cumwhore! What a dirty fuckcow!" 

 When she had finally made it, she let out a deep sigh of relief suppressing another retch. 

 But she had forgotten the rest of the group. The three guys had enjoyed her humiliation so much that they had pulled their cocks back out and jacked off furiously. 

 Now, they were ready to burst again and followed where the other two had started. With evil grins plastered onto their faces they shot their loads onto the couch spreading their seed everywhere. 

 All the while, they looked at Vanessa enjoying the faces she made. She couldn't hide the disgust and humiliation displayed on her face. She felt so degraded – so used! But she knew how to behave like a good slut. 

 On her own, she approached the couch although she had to bring up all her will power. Her stomach was growling. Slowly, she moved forward sticking her tongue out. 

 She started at the seat. It was even damper than the back! 

 Would she ever get this over with? She asked herself. 

 It seemed like an eternity until she had scraped all cum off the filthy couch. In the end, her tongue felt like a dirty soled cloth that didn't belong to her body. Vanessa was convinced that she would never get this vile taste out of her mouth. 

 The growling in her stomach had increased over time and she felt nauseas. She simply wanted to lie down and fall asleep. Her head was spinning. She was so exhausted but also so satisfied. 

 When finally the last glob of cum had disappeared inside her mouth, loud applause arose. She felt a rush of pride surge through her body. But then her heart stopped for a second. The applause was far too loud. There must have been more people by now. 

 Turning around, she saw Stanton, Miller and Erickson standing next to Joe and his friends. They all had a beer in their hand watching her act as the lowliest whore ever. 

 "Good show, fuckslut!" Erickson remarked before starting a conversation with Joe paying no more attention to the office whore. 

 The men gave her a few minutes to catch her breath. But it wasn't closing time for the whore. 

 After a while, Stanton stepped up to her and pulled the collar - she knew so well - around her neck. Again, the leash was attached to it. 

 With a pull on the leash, he forced her onto her hands and knees. Vanessa had to crawl bare naked over the dirty ground of the trailer park. The hard concrete scratched her skin. But by now, she was at least as filthy as the park itself. 

 Stanton led her to his car. Miller and Erickson followed closely. 

 The three men took her to the seedy part of town where their adventure had once begun. Vanessa remembered every detail of her show in the dirty strip club. Although it was only two month ago, it felt like eternity for her. So much had happen since that day and she had to admit that she herself had changed a lot, too. 

 She wasn't the cocky young girl anymore. Now she was a total slut - still with an arrogant attitude - but a depraved slut willing to do acts she wouldn't even have imagined back then. Most surprisingly, she had to admit that she enjoyed these dirty acts immensely. 

 The car came to a halt and a yank on the leash signalled Vanessa that she was supposed to get out of the car. She didn't like being led on a leash through a public street in bright daylight. Even more as she was only wearing some stockings and stiletto heels! 

 Covering her full tits and crotch with her arms, she tried to follow the men as fast as possible. But out of the blue, Stanton stopped in his tracks. Turning around, he growled with a mean tone in his voice. 

 "What do you think you're doing fuckslut? On your knees ... FAST! I wanna see my whore crawling like the dogbitch she is!" 

 He yanked hard on the leash. Hastily, Vanessa looked around. There were only a few people on the street. She knew the longer she hesitated the more people would notice this odd scene. So she gave in. 

 Tense but also excited, she dropped onto her knees. She didn't know if she wanted to get this over with as soon as possible or if she wanted these people to watch her acting like the most disgusting slut on earth. She imagined their mouths dropping open. In her mind, she saw them whispering with each other about this nasty skank. 

 These thoughts ignited a new thrill inside of her. It was such a tremendous turn on and her excitement grew. Now, she wanted to act as dirty and sleazy as possible. 

 She could see an old woman stop a few yards away and look at her. Her face clearly expressed pure disgust. 

 "What has happened to this world?" she sighed. "There's no decency left. Only human scum roaming the streets nowadays! 

 "Aren't you ashamed of yourself? You're the last gutter dreck!" she shouted while changing sides of the street. 

 These words hit Vanessa like a fist, one that didn't hurt but turn her on. She was thrilled to the core and lust had taken over her mind again. 

 Finally, they entered the store. It was a tattoo parlor. The three men started talking with the owner who eyed her from head to toe. It probably hadn't happened too often that a beautiful young woman had crawled into his little cheap store. 

 Vanessa started wondering what they might have up their sleeves for her now. 

 A tattoo? Piercings? 

 She had thought about getting a tattoo a lot of times before. But nowadays almost anybody was tattooed. It was more special to have none at all. So she had decided to keep her skin free of ink. 

 Did she want to get one now? Did she even have a vote in this decision? Would she dare arguing with them? 

 Whatever they had planned it wouldn't be something average. That much was certain. She realized that whatever they wanted to do with her, they would get it. And she had to admit that she was excited but at the same time frightened. 

 Finally, Stanton pulled on the leash again and led Vanessa to the back of the store. Hidden behind a curtain, she had to sit onto a sort of Gyno chair she knew from her gynaecologist. This way her legs were spread far apart. 

 Petting her cheek, Stanton told her 

 "We all know that you're a slut. And a slut needs to wear a symbol to show it to everyone." 

 Slowly, Vanessa was really getting afraid. This didn't sound like something she would like. 

 Then she saw the tattoo artist holding a ring in his hand. She relaxed a bit. This didn't look that bad. 

 "Right!" Miller picked up the topic. "A slut should be ever horny. And what is more appropriate to show this off then a clit piercing?" 

 With these words, the tattooist leaned forward and Vanessa got her first piercing ever. 

 It was over faster than she had imagined and it didn't even hurt. Now, she had a pretty large stud in her sensitive clit which made it protrude from its hood constantly. 

 Again, the tattoo artist leaned forward... 

 When he was finished, two holes had been pierced into her pussy lips – one on each side at the upper third of her outer lips. And on each one hung a silver ring. 

 But the modification party wasn't over yet. 

 With another tug on the leash, Stanton led Vanessa to an examination couch. She had to lie onto it with her belly. This way, her backside was exposed to the tattoo artist. 

 "So they're gonna tattoo my back." shot through Vanessa's head when she heard the buzzing sound of the tattoo gun. And she wondered if they would bother to show her the result when the tattoo artist would be finished. 

 To be continued... 

 Vanessa gets her tattoo and becomes a convention slut Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 08 ****** byCathartico© It was a battered sordid quarter of the city. The red light district had spread out taking over the entire area. Most houses were crumbling. The streets were dingy with garbage lying about covering the sidewalks. 

 The only thing catching the eye of pedestrians today was an expensive limousine parking in front of a tattoo parlour. 

 Suddenly, the door of the store opened and a group of three men clad in suits stepped out. But the door didn't close behind them as someone followed them out. The person didn't walk though. Instead, she was on her hands and knees being led on a leash like a dog by one of the men. 

 Of course, Vanessa had to crawl back to the car. Only this time, the tattooist's cum was covering her face. But there was more that had changed. Finally, her accessories resembled her position as the office whore. Two silver rings hung off her cunt lips and a sliver stud pierced her sensitive clit. 

 Of course, something else couldn't be missing. On her lower back, a fresh tramp stamp was resplendent marking her as a true slut. 

 Half an hour ago, the tattoo artist had finished his job. 

 After they had all admired his handy work, Miller had suddenly remarked 

 "Seems like the whore got no money on her. Guess, she has to pay you in another way." 

 Vanessa hadn't been surprised by this. She was getting used to their little games and she wouldn't want to miss them anymore. 

 So she had taken up his assist. Still lying on the examination couch, she had looked deeply into his eyes and innocently asked 

 "I'm sorry sir do you accept another kind of payment? 

 "Would you like to fuck this dirty bitch? Just use this slut any way you want to!" 

 She envisioned his eyes lighting up with joy when her words registered in his brain. He probably had dreamt about this all the time since she had entered his shabby store. 

 But to her astonishment he didn't jump her right then and there on the table. Instead, he leaned his face close to hers and said with a grim look 

 "I knew you would pay me like that. Only the filthiest fuckpig on earth would crawl into my store and get such a tattoo." 

 "Oh, you don't even know what a tattoo you got!" he continued mocking her. "D'you wanna know it? Beg me and I'll show you!" 

 Vanessa's heart skipped a beat. Of course, she wanted to know it! She immediately wanted to blurt out a yes but she had to keep up her slut role. So she lewdly remarked 

 "Please Mister! I'm only a dirty fuckwhore. I only deserve nasty attire. Please, show me my adornment." 

 Deep down inside though, Vanessa wasn't so sure if she really wanted to wear some degrading attire for the rest of her life. But right now, the anticipation of her tramp stamp excited her enormously. 

 Smiling mischievously, the tattooist led Vanessa to a tall mirror. Surprisingly, she saw a very elaborate, artistically drawn tattoo on her lower back. On first glance, it looked like a typical tribal. Tendrils that intertwined and formed a rotated triangle with its apex pointing right to the beginning of her ass crack. This way, it entwined around her firm buttocks, the ink emphasising their shapely form. 

 Vanessa had to smile. This tattoo looked really tasteful. 

 But then, her mouth gaped in awe. 

 Didn't these ranks form a word? At first sight, they only looked artfully plaited. But taking a closer look, one could see that the upper side of the triangle formed a word. It wasn't that easy to make out at first but clearly visible on second view. 

 "QUEENY" 

 Also, the tendrils noosing through the triangle formed a word. Two big letters made one word that was far easier to read. 

 "HO" 

 "QUEENY HO" 

 Vanessa realized that the tattoo was no apex! Instead, she was marked with the words QUEENY HO in artful letters embraced by a plaited arrow pointing right to her asshole! 

 A chill ran down Vanessa's spine and her hair stood on end when she realized that anybody taking more than a swift glimpse at her backside would notice the tag. The tattoo artist was right. She would never be able to wear her beloved tops with bare midriff again, would she? 

 "Now you're marked forever!" the guy laughed into her face. "Believe me, most people will look twice at your nice little ass and notice what you are! 

 She definitely was marked now - a whore on the inside and now also a whore on the outside. 

 Before this realization had fully sunk in, the tattooist had taken the leash into his hand and led her in front of his counter into the entrance area. She had to kneel on all fours facing the glass door looking out onto the street. 

 With a jolt hitting her clit, she realized that anybody passing by could see her getting fucked. There was no fear caused by this realization anymore - only thrill and excitement. She almost yearned for someone to come by and watch her. 

 

 During her "work" as the company whore, she wanted to behave like the most depraved slut ever. She wanted other people to be disgusted by her behaviour and look down on her giving snide comments. She loved the humiliation. It was like spice added to a flavourless food. 

 She knew the next day, she could pass them in the mall wearing her designer dresses and exclusive jewelry and they would look after her full of envy. 

 Without further ado, the tattoo artist thrust his cock into her pussy giving her some good strokes. All the while, he took a grip on her hair and pulled her head up so she had to look out of the door. 

 After several minutes of relentless pounding, he had pulled out of her creaming cunt and crammed his straining tool into her swollen sore asshole. 

 At that exact moment, a man in his forties had passed by the door. For a moment, he had stopped in his tracks looking inside the store with disbelieving eyes. After a few seconds, he had shaken his head deprecatingly and hurried on. 

 His pejorative look had set Vanessa off making her cum the umpteenth time. 

 All the while, the tattooist hadn't stopped continuing to pump her rear. A few moments later, he was ready to burst. 

 Like a good little slut, she had turned around and opened her mouth wide. The entire scene must have been extremely exciting for the guy as he proved with his immense load of cum. Spurt after spurt of his creamy hot goo had erupted from his cock. 

 He had coated her chin and filled her mouth to the rim. The load had been so big that Vanessa couldn't keep it all in her mouth. Instead, it dribbled out at the corners. Knowing that she wasn't allowed to scrape the cum off her face, she had left it there adorning her whore face. 

 When Stanton finally took the leash back, she had waved goodbye to the tattoo artist with a naughty smile on her face. Then Stanton had let her outside and into the car. It almost disappointed Vanessa that there had been no further pedestrians to see her display of a sleazy bottom whore. 

 

 

 Over the course of the next week, her new piercings had increased Vanessa's sexual craving a hundredfold. Her mind had been turning around sex all day long before. But now, she couldn't even concentrate on anything else than the tingling in her cunt. 

 The two silver captive bead rings were pierced as a symmetrical pair through the longest parts of her labia minora. They caused her wrinkled labia minora to peek out of her protecting labia majora all the time. The vertical hood piercing was a barbell that rested directly on her clit exerting pressure onto it and making it throb constantly. Even more, the rings dangling off her labia were permanently hitting against her pussy while walking. 

 All the time, she was in a heightened state of arousal. It was almost driving her mad like a never ending itch. Every time she passed a lawyer in the office, she wanted to bend over the nearest desk, pull her skirt over her ripe bottom and plead him to fuck her. 

 Several times during working days, she found herself running to the restrooms to get herself off. She even caught her hand unconsciously roaming to her pussy while sitting behind her desk in the office. 

 The after-hour sex with the lawyers just wasn't enough. And sex with Mark wasn't as exciting anymore. It was simple fucking and that had lost its thrill for Vanessa. By far, it couldn't still her lust any longer. He was treating her far too gentle not roughing her up a bit or calling her degrading names. More and more, Vanessa realized that she needed this kind of treatment to really get her off. 

 Miller had been right. She was a dogbitch to be used and humiliated. 

 To still her hunger, she loved taking long baths at home. And of course, she couldn't keep her hands off her rings. She loved pushing her fine manicured index and middle finger through the two rings stretching her labia to the sides. This way the precious pink flesh of her inner cunt was totally exposed. With the other hand, she loved playing with the barbell through her clit hood turning and twisting it hard until she erupted into an incredible orgasm. 

 Mark had looked quizzically at her when he had seen the tattoo for the first time. But she had told him that she had been dreaming of it for a long time. Now that she had a job, she had finally been able to fulfil this dream. She had even told him that it was an old Indian symbol not resembling anything he might know. This had seemed to satisfy his curiosity. And up to now, he hadn't said anything about it again. 

 During the week Vanessa had gone out with her best friend from high school. The two had gone on an extensive shopping trip. Vanessa's main target had been finding a new car. She wanted an exclusive sports car she could show off to her new friends. Now that she had the money, she didn't have to hide it, did she? 

 Seeing the look of envy in her friend's eyes when she finally bought her new coupe had been the best part of the day. Although, unnerving the poor salesman with her arrogant posh attitude and extra-wishes had been fun, too. 

 At the end of the week, Erickson had called her into his office. Up till now, she hadn't dealt as much with Erickson as with Stanton or Miller. He had mostly been satisfied by fucking her in any hole she got. What did he want she asked herself? 

 When she entered his office, he simply informed her that he was attending an annual law convention. So he wouldn't be at the office for the entire next week. As the convention took place in the exclusive hotel she knew so well from her last 'hotel assignment', he wanted her to join him for an evening. To relief his stress as he told her with an ambiguous smile. 

 Remembering her last hotel experience, a twitch shot through Vanessa's pussy. She could barely wait to repeat this adventure. She already yearned for the evening to come by but until then it was a long time yet. 

 The worst thing though was that she wasn't allowed to have sex up to the respective day. This meant more than an entire weekend! 

 With her clit piercing and pussy rings making her cunt crave for constant pleasure, Vanessa felt like this order would be completely impossible to keep. She knew she couldn't bear the maddening itching for such a long time. 

 But this was her job! She had to endure it as she didn't want to disappoint Erickson. Together with Stanton and Miller, he had made her into the total slut she was nowadays. And therefore, she was more than grateful. Even more, he had enabled her to get into contact with her new posh friends from the country club. 

 It would be the hardest test she had ever taken but she was firmly convinced to make it. 

 Over the entire weekend, she felt like going up the walls. There was nothing that could help taking her mind off her horniness. All the time, she had to think about the upcoming event envisioning every possible scenario. 

 Especially, one thing made her imagination go wild. Erickson had given her a vibrating butt plug with multiple speeds and a wireless remote control. While Erickson had given Vanessa the butt plug and advised her to insert it before joining him in the hotel, he had kept the control for himself. 

 Knowing Erickson, Vanessa was certain that he had some game in mind to tease her. But what would he do? She had a lot of ideas and all of them made her pussy tingle even more. 

 For the evening, Vanessa had chosen a very interesting piece of closing. It was a burgundy coloured patent leather dress that was skin-tight and extremely low- necked. In this vein, it not only showed off every curve of her body but also presented her impressive cleavage. The cups were so low cut that it just about covered her areolas while her large fucktits almost spilled over. 

 Below her bust, it was cut out circularly at the sides. This way, the fabric only covered her belly presenting her curvy hips. 

 The most striking part of the dress was its backside or rather the missing backside. A strap ran behind her neck keeping it up and her complete back was uncovered. The fabric ran together in a v-form deep below her waist line. This way, it only covered the lower part of her buttocks. The top of her ass cheeks and especially her tramp stamp were completely visible. 

 To finish her outfit, Vanessa had chosen white leather knee-high boots with a 6" metallic stiletto heel. The dark red dress perfectly fitted her fiery auburn jet hair and the white boots almost glowed in the dark. Her long manicured nails were painted with a fitting burgundy nail polish called "lust" as this exactly matched her current state. 

 Almost ready, she did the last thing to get going for the evening. She pushed the butt plug inside her small asshole. Every time again, she was surprised how quickly her butthole reached its former tight status again - even after lots of men had pounded it for good. The plug was 7" in circumference and Vanessa had to work it a while to get it in. As her mind was overflowed with lust, she almost burst into a small orgasm just then. 

 When she arrived at the exclusive hotel, Vanessa suddenly remembered the bellboy called Trey. She had totally forgotten about him! He had considered her a common street walker and threatened her to tell him when she put a foot into this hotel ever again. 

 She knew, she couldn't simply walk into the entrance hall in this outfit. He would recognize her at once and probably throw her straight out as she hadn't obeyed his order. 

 Recalling his words, she remembered that he had told her to call him and come to the backdoor next time. And that was exactly what she did. 

 Arriving at the backdoor, she carefully knocked on it. She had to wait several minutes in the cold until she literally hammered against the door over and over again. Finally, the steel door flew open and the bellboy stood there. His eyes were gleaming fiercely at her when he quickly ushered her in. 

 "Wow, your johns must be paying well if they deserve such an outfit!" he commented on her appearance. "I'm gonna keep an eye on the elevator so you better come here when you're finished and wait for me." 

 Vanessa only nodded and passed him. She didn't want to think about this guy right now. This had to wait till after her 'hotel show'. At the moment, her entire mind was consumed by the anticipation of her entrance. It was only Erickson today though, wasn't it? 

 When she passed the bellboy, his hand landed on her right buttock. 

 "Nice tattoo, whore!" he remarked. "Perfectly suits such fuckmeat as you are!" 

 Vanessa breathed in sharply. He had clearly figured out her tattoo. But wasn't that just what she had intended when she had chosen this dress? Today, she wanted anybody to see and read that she was nothing more than a dirty slut. 

 Erickson had advised her to meet him in the piano bar of the hotel. And that was where she was heading right now. Stepping out of the employees' area, she entered the entrance hall. Her arrival didn't stay unnoticed for long. While she crossed the hall, she could feel all eyes on her roaming over every curve of her sensational body. 

 Entering the piano bar, she had to look around for Erickson as the bar was packed. He was sitting in a sofa corner with several other men dressed in suits – probably fellow colleagues from the convention. 

 When he detected her, he immediately stood up and came over to her. Giving her a hug, he firmly squeezed her buttocks. 

 "That's how I want my whore to look like!" he loudly remarked making the last heads that weren't aimed into her direction turn. "I hope you show off your whore stamp for anyone to see!" 

 "Yes Sir!" Vanessa answered. 

 She almost blushed when she became aware of the faces watching and listening intently. 

 Could she ever look into their faces again after this scene? 

 The mass of people inside of the bar made her heart pound. All of them would be able to see her tramp stamp. Until now, she hadn't shown it in public. And now, she started off with such an enormous crowd. 

 This realization only added more fuel to her lust filled mind. She could feel her slutty self almost yearning for a snide comment by one of the yuppies present. Right now, this was her entire being – a dirty fucking slut. 

 Erickson led Vanessa to the counter and they both took place on one of the bar stools. He told her that she could order any drink she wanted. He'd pay for it. 

 The moment the barkeeper passed by and Vanessa leaned forward to place her order, the butt plug started buzzing. It hit her without any warning. She was completely taken by surprise. 

 Her anal ring started vibrating wildly and instead of her order, a moan escaped her lips. The barkeeper looked at her in awe as she gripped the counter tightly with her hands and closed her eyes. 

 A shiver ran over her spine. This was the first slight sensation her body was getting to feel for days. Her body was overtaken as much by the unforeseen as by the sensation. Vanessa felt delight and fear of losing control in public - all at the same time. 

 Just as soon as the vibration had started, it ended again. But now, her body longed for more. Her appetite for sex had increased another step although Vanessa hadn't considered this possible before. 

 "Everything OK, Miss?" the barkeeper asked her but the words seemed miles away barely registering in her mind. 

 Stuttering out the words, Vanessa ordered her cocktail. All the while, Erickson looked at her with pure joy in his eyes. This enjoyment wasn't a purely cheerful one though. Instead, it was a mixture of pleasure from teasing and humiliating her as much as fun of playing with his little toy. 

 At this moment, Vanessa realized that Erickson wasn't any different to Stanton or Miller and that a lot of merciless teasing was lying ahead of her. 

 She couldn't decide though if she was looking forward to it or desiring its end. 

 While waiting for her cocktail, Vanessa kept sitting on the bar stool with her front to the counter. This way her backside was presented in full glory to the entire bar. She could feel eyes roaming over her back and resting on her tramp stamp all the time. 

 When the guy next to her stood up, he brushed against her unclad arm. Passing by, she suddenly felt his hand stroking over her lower back. With his finger, he retraced the lines of her tattoo. Vanessa held her breath. 

 Then he leaned forward and whispered into her ear 

 "Hello Queeny Ho! Where's the queen? I can only see a sleazy ho!" 

 He let some dirty laughter follow his words sending another chill down Vanessa's spine. 

 Then he was gone while Vanessa felt her heart beating as much as her cunt tingled. 

 When the barkeeper finally brought the cocktail, Erickson took her hand and led her to the sofa corner. Still, the other lawyers were sitting there. Raising her hand, Erickson made Vanessa turn a pirouette. This way, his friends could see every curve – and of course ink – of her body in full detail. 

 Then he placed her right in the middle of a couch between two of them while he sat down on the second couch. He started talking with one of his friends not regarding Vanessa any further. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 08 ****** byCathartico© Immediately, the two lawyers drew nearer wedging her in between them. They started chatting her up while interchanging knowing glances. Vanessa felt flattered by their attention. She only listened half-heartedly though. Her itching pussy completely absorbed her mind. 

 The moment she answered one of their questions, the buzzing started again - only this time with double force. Her words turned into one long grunt. Her eyes closed. Her hands gripped a leg of each guy. She had to claw into them her whole body shaking uncontrollably. 

 The vibration spread from her anal muscle to her cunt. She could feel an orgasm slowly building up. Vanessa wanted this orgasm, she needed this relief! 

 One of the lawyers took his chance and hugged her tightly running his hands over her back and pressing her soft big juggs against his chest. Her nipples were so stiff they pressed against the leather fabric not being able to poke through. Instead, they rubbed firmly against the hard material adding another sensation to Vanessa's mind. 

 She was almost there. She only needed another second. She could feel her anal ring tightening around the plug. Her snatch started contracting as if gripping an imaginary cock. 

 Then the vibration was gone. 

 As sudden as the buzzing had started it had gone again. 

 Vanessa almost cried out in despair. She was so close to the edge, she had already balanced on the cliff. 

 Instantly, her hand wanted to rush to her clit. But out of a sudden, her hand was grasped and held tight. She couldn't reach her pussy! 

 In frustration, she groaned out loud. She could feel the high fading away. Only the itching in her pussy remained. 

 Meanwhile, her eyes flew open. The lawyer that had just been hugging her now held her hand in a tight grip. 

 "Looks like a ho, marked as a ho, acts like a ho!" he hissed at her. 

 Vanessa could clearly see how he enjoyed her torment. 

 She wanted to scream at him that she was no ordinary whore but instead another moan escaped her lips. This time caused by his derogative words. 

 Erickson's friends had seen her tattoo! They only saw a filthy slut in her! And being displayed in such a degrading way turned her on! 

 Suddenly, Erickson's big frame towered over her. Before she could say another word to his friends, he took her hand and helped her up onto her feet. With a meaningful smile, he told the guys that he would bring her to his room and led her out of the piano bar. 

 On their way out, Erickson slapped her on her ass cheek for all his friends to see. Vanessa better not wanted to know how they were talking about her right now. But in a way, it turned her on that they were all seeing her as an easy slut. The slut she really was. 

 

 

 When the doors of the elevator opened on the second floor, Erickson and Vanessa stepped out of the lift and almost ran into a bellboy. To Vanessa's relief, it wasn't the one that considered himself her wannabe pimp. 

 They almost ran over the teacart he was pushing in front of himself. In a jovial mood, Erickson snapped the champagne bottle off the tea-wagon and told the bellboy 

 "This one comes right a way. I'm going to have a little party with this hooker today." 

 Vanessa looked at him agape. She was totally flabbergasted. Had she heard him right? Had he just told this bellboy that she was a common hooker? 

 "Don't you think this is one beautiful hooker?" Erickson continued with a grin plastered onto his face emphasising the word 'hooker'. 

 Vanessa's face turned bright red. The bellboy was completely taken off guard by the situation clearing his throat embarrassedly. 

 "Show him your tramp stamp, ho!" Erickson went on completely unimpressed by her discomfort. 

 Not waiting for her reaction, he grabbed her hips and turned her roughly around. 

 "This whore is so proud of being a cheap hooker, she wants everyone to see!" he commented while the bellboy hesitatingly ran his finger over her whore tag. 

 "Queeny Ho" 

 "Don't be shy, man!" Erickson egged him on. "You wanna see her fat fucking tits? The hooker would like to show them to you!" 

 By now, Vanessa's face had taken on the darkest shade of red imaginable. They were standing on the open corridor of an exclusive hotel and Erickson was displaying her as a common street whore to a simple bellboy. Even worse, he was calling her a hooker for everyone to hear! 

 What if one of the doors would open right now? What if another lawyer from the convention would step out of a suite just now? What if someone she knew from the country club would walk down the corridor right now? 

 Vanessa was shaking from embarrassment when Erickson looked at her and ordered 

 "Do your job ho! Present your goods to this good boy! Show him what your worth!" 

 Like on autopilot, Vanessa did as she was told while her eyes still roamed down the corridor. 

 Slowly, her fine manicured hands with the long burgundy coloured nails pulled down the top of her skin-tight leather dress. Her delicious knockers finally free, sprang out right into the face of the bellboy. 

 Hesitatingly, he lifted his hands to the two perfectly formed melons and started softly massaging them. He took his time exploring every inch of her delicate juggs making Vanessa more nervous with every passing second. 

 But his hands did have an effect to her. She felt the heat in her pussy turn up again. After she had been denied release in the piano bar, she was still hot and horny. And slowly, this young cautious guy got her going. 

 Then suddenly, her breath stopped. Someone turned the corner at the other end of the corridor! 

 It was a lawyer from the convention with an elegantly dressed woman at his side! They were coming towards them. 

 Vanessa wanted to get off this corridor as soon as possible. What if she knew this lawyer? What if he was a member of the country club? What if he would recognize her? 

 She wanted to push her dress back up to cover her tits. Erickson sensed her anxiety though and put a hand onto her lower back. This way, he implicitly gave her a signal not to move at all. 

 Fortunately, the bellboy stood in front of her hiding Vanessa from the lawyer's view. All they could see was the back of the page boy. But they were coming closer with every step! Just a few more feet and they would realize what was going on! 

 Then suddenly, they came to a halt in front of a door. Vanessa watched as the lawyer pulled out his key card impatiently waiting for them to disappear into his suite. 

 Just at that moment, the bellboy discovered her nipples flicking his thumbs over them. This was simply too much! Vanessa let out a loud groan. 

 At once, the lawyer and the woman stopped in their tracks and looked right at them. 

 "Everything OK?" the guy asked. 

 Only then, the bellboy became aware of the two. He turned his head around but still kept his hands on Vanessa's tits. Erickson in contrast had been aware of them for the entire time. 

 Before the bellboy could react, he took his chance and told them 

 "Oh, we only had a little accident with her slutdress. You wanna help us fix it?" 

 His words brought Vanessa's embarrassment to a new height. She was so stunned, she couldn't even move a bit. 

 She didn't know if the couple had understand every of Erickson's word but when the woman started taking a step towards them, the lawyer quickly said 

 "Oh, it seems as if you got everything under control." 

 Then he swiftly grabbed the woman's hand and pushed her inside his suite. 

 Vanessa let out a sigh of relief. Erickson took this chance remarking 

 "See, the ho likes your touch! Why don't you feel her cunt? I bet the whore is dripping wet!" 

 This time, Vanessa didn't need a command from Erickson. Resigned, she pushed her dress up to her hips presenting her naked crotch to the insecure young bellboy. She threaded each index finger through a labia ring and pushed her cunt lips apart while pushing her entire crotch invitingly out to him. 

 Vanessa expected the inexperienced page boy to softly touch her pussy. But instead, he pushed two fingers straight into her wet snatch the heel of his hand strongly bumping against her clit. 

 This sudden surprising impact almost pushed her off her feet and made her grunt out loud. At the same moment, the butt plug started vibrating with full force. 

 And Vanessa erupted in a hard forceful orgasm. All the pent-up tension and built-up lust shot through her body and exploded in her clit. She groaned loudly almost screaming her lust out. 

 She had to grab Erickson's arm to keep her steady. Her pussy basically gushed the pent-up sensations out of her body flooding the bellboy's hand with her juices. 

 It took some time until she came back down to earth. She had completely forgotten about her surroundings. 

 The page boy was looking at her with disbelieving eyes. His fingers were still deeply buried up her snatch. 

 Suddenly, Vanessa felt the strong urge to thank this young boy for finally giving her relief. She took his hand and with a squishing sound pulled it out of her cunt. Then she lifted it up and licked each finger clean of her own juices. All the while, her eyes bore cockily into the boy's. 

 Having finished her task, she looked down to his trousers and saw a wet spot in his crotch area. With a knowing smile, she ran her index finger over the wet spot and sucked it between her full red lips afterwards. 

 Becoming nervous and embarrassed again, the bellboy stuttered some excuses before he hurried away. 

 Vanessa though felt satisfied – for the moment. And she knew, there was a lot of hard satisfying fucking waiting ahead of her. 

 Walking on, Erickson and Vanessa finally made it to his suite. In front of it, they came to a halt. 

 "Guess you liked your plug a bit too much, whore." he remarked smiling mischievously. 

 Gripping her hair tightly, he yanked her face up making her look right into his eyes. 

 "Did I give you permission to cum, fuckslut?" he hissed. "Today you only cum when I allow you to do so! Did I make myself clear stupid fuckcow?" 

 "Yes Sir!" Vanessa stammered surprised by his sudden change of mood. 

 "Do you wanna come inside this room to serve me with everything you got, fuckwhore!" he continued spitting out. 

 "Yes Sir!" Vanessa answered again with a small voice. 

 "Earn it!" 

 With these words, he pushed her down onto her knees – right there on the second floor of the hotel. Her public display wasn't over yet. Vanessa looked down the corridor on both sides. There were a lot of doors. And this time there was no bellboy she could hide behind. 

 Would this public humiliation ever end? Did she want it to end anyways? Hadn't it turned her on getting used in the backyard of the Italian restaurant? Hadn't it aroused her incredibly getting roughed up in the trailer park? 

 But this was an exclusive hotel! She could meet people she knew! Her private lady-image could get shattered! 

 On one hand, it made her fear for her image as the posh elegant bitch, on the other hand it turned her on immensely. This degradation was exactly what she had been craving for the entire week. 

 But what if someone from the country club would step out of a room? Her image would be ruined forever. This thought made her pulse race but still it increased her excitement even more. 

 Letting his trousers and underwear fall to the floor, Erickson presented his rigid cock to her. When Vanessa wanted to grab and devour it, he suddenly turned around though. 

 Vanessa wondered what was happening. Why did he turn around? 

 Then Erickson leaned forward against the other wall sticking his hairy ass right at her. 

 "C'mon bitch, lick my ass! Spread my cheeks and munch on my dirty shithole, dogbitch!" 

 Vanessa's mouth fell open. She felt like frozen. One more time, Erickson had stunned her. 

 No way could she do this! She couldn't touch a man's ass with her mouth! Nothing could make her do it! 

 "I can't feel no lips sucking on my asshole!" Erickson growled. 

 "Lick my ass!" he screamed furiously looking over his shoulder at her. "I'm telling you for the last time!" 

 From the look in his eyes, Vanessa immediately knew that she'd better do what he wanted her to. But still, she couldn't move. She couldn't bring her body to move forward. 

 His hairy, pale, chubby ass laughed right at her face. It looked so gross and ugly. This was far worse than doing ass to mouth or licking sweaty balls. This was a stinking, scummy, hairy male ass! 

 "D'you want me to scream even louder, whore?" Erickson barked. "D'you want the other guests to come out of their suites?" 

 The last words got Vanessa going. Having to perform perverted acts, made her juices flow. Being publicly displayed as a filthy dirtwhore, turned her on like nothing else. For the moment though, she had enough of her public humiliation. She enjoyed acting as a degraded slut but not openly on the corridor of an exclusive hotel! 

 Slowly, her hands wandered up to Erickson's buttocks. 

 The redhead with the model body and the enormous big double Ds looked like the vision of any men's wet dream. And now she was kneeling with her tits hanging out of her skin-tight leather dress on a hotel corridor for every one to see. Even worse, she knelt in front of the ass of a pale guy with thick glasses, a balding head and fat beer belly about to stick her soft tongue into a dirty asshole. 

 With her long burgundy manicured hands, she spread Erickson's pale buttocks apart. She could see his tight anal hole. She could smell the biting odour of his ass. 

 She still couldn't bring her face to move towards it. 

 Suddenly, Erickson grabbed back and got hold of her hair. With a strong push, he drove her face straight between his cheeks. The stench hit her like a fist and surrounded her. Immediately, she tried to push herself away from him but he was too strong. 

 Erickson started pushing her head up and down. Again and again, her face was rubbed over his smeary ass crack. Sweat and musky juice gathered on her lips. 

 Eventually, Erickson let her head go. After having her lips closed for so long and her nose buried in his ass crack, Vanessa had to breathe in deeply. 

 Her chest heaved while Erickson turned around. He slapped her in the face leaving a red mark on her cheek. 

 "Where is the slut gone?" he asked while pushing his trousers back up. "I can see no slut. And I can't tolerate this! Guess, we got no office slut anymore." 

 Vanessa felt her heart skip a beat. She was the office slut! She was a great fuckslut! She was their dirty whore! 

 Vanessa felt hurt in her pride. It couldn't be over! She loved being a filthy slut for men. She needed to prove her sluttiness. She needed to prove it now! 

 She gulped down the big lump in her throat when she heard herself say 

 "Please Sir, let this dump bitch lick your ass clean!" 

 With a knowing smile, Erickson let his trousers drop to the floor again remarking 

 "Lick your lips, fuckpig!" 

 Vanessa did as she was told running her tongue over her lips licking off the musky juice. At once, the strong taste registered in her brain. It was incredibly foul and Vanessa thought she might heave her guts up. 

 "Touch your cunt, bitch!" Erickson's next command shot at her. 

 Immediately, Vanessa's hand went to her clit and her eyes grew wide. 

 Her snatch was wet! She couldn't believe it. This humiliating act had been more than vile! Only the lowliest gutter whore would bring herself down doing it! But still, it had aroused her immensely. 

 Grinning devilishly at Vanessa, Erickson turned back around readying himself to get his dirty ass crack rimmed and cleaned. 

 Again, Vanessa spread his pale hairy ass cheeks apart with her burgundy manicured hands. But once more, she hesitated. Again, she had to gulp down the glob in her throat. Once more, the biting stench crept up her nose. It was so filthy! It was so vile! 

 Slowly she stuck her tongue out and drew her face closer to the crack– inch for an inch. With a final sigh, she pushed her face forward. Her tongue impacted with the flesh of his asshole. 

 At once, she wanted to draw her tongue back into her safe mouth but forced herself not to do so. Hesitatingly, she started running her soft tongue up and down his crack. 

 The slimy feeling and the rank stench were almost too much for her. At once, tt consumed her entire being. 

 "Yeah!" Erickson groaned. "Stick that tongue into my shithole, fuckwhore!" 

 Vanessa felt a shudder run through her body. 

 I can't go on anymore she thought to herself. Her mind screamed at her to stop. But still, her hands spread his buttocks further apart. She ran her tongue around the edge of his butthole. 

 The taste was sickening. It was so nasty cleaning a smelly scummy asshole – with her tongue. 

 Suddenly, Vanessa heard the sound of a door opening. Startled, she let Erickson's ass go and looked to the side. There stood an elder couple like frozen to the ground just looking at the repulsive scene in front of their eyes. 

 No one moved until Erickson remarked to the old guy 

 "Do you want your shithole cleaned by this dogbitch next? 

 This set the couple back in motion. They started cursing them out yelling 

 "Shame on you! Don't you have any manners you scum?" 

 Unexpectedly, their words didn't embarrass Vanessa. These were no people she was afraid of meeting again. They were no thread to her second ego. 

 Instead, the perverted frenzy she had experienced when the woman had sworn at her in front of the tattoo parlor rushed through her. Her horniness had awakened to its fullest again and the strange dissonance of sometimes being aroused while other times feeling hatred and fear of publicly being displayed as a slut was out of her mind. 

 "I'm just a dump piece of fuckmeat! A stupid cunt that needs to be treated this way!" she told the couple astonishing herself. 

 "What a miserable pitiful human being!" The woman spit at Vanessa. "She deserves to be a cheap hooker!" 

 Vanessa felt proud of being such a filthy slut. The words made her feel like the depraved gutter whore willing to please any man anew. The elder woman's disgust and repulsion turned her on. 

 Smiling wickedly at the enraged woman, she went back to work. She gave Erickson's asshole a first class rimming licking every inch of his puckered anal hole. 

 Fuming, the couple turned around storming away not stopping their loud curses. 

 Unimpressed, Vanessa continued her rim job. She even started poking at his tight hole to make sure he derived as much pleasure as possible. Stuffing her tongue inside, she made him groan out. 

 After a few more minutes of Vanessa cleaning Erickson's ass out for good, he turned around and drove his cock down her throat in one motion. Before she could even gag, he started pumping cum straight down her throat. Vanessa didn't even have to gulp as the goo shot right into her belly. 

 

 

 When Vanessa entered the hotel room with her boobs stuffed back into her dress, Erickson turned the light on illuminating the entire suite brightly. 

 It was fairly large – not as big as the penthouse she had been in before – but still a large comfortable suite. One corner was occupied by a big entertainment set and a long u-formed couch. On the other side a large king-size bed was placed. The side opposite to the entrance was a large window wall. Somehow, this reminded Vanessa of a situation she had been in before. 

 Stepping to the window wall, Vanessa threw a look outside. The hotel was built in a square with a large atrium and window walls going up each side. On the first floor, several restaurants, cafés and bars were situated. They weren't exactly packed by still she could make out several large groups of people. 

 While admiring the architecture of the exclusive hotel, Erickson had stepped next to her. Now, he leaned over to her and told her 

 "Do you remember the annual secretaries-party?" Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 08 ****** byCathartico© Of course, Vanessa did. It was exactly today. She wasn't able to go there because of Erickson's meeting! She had already been thinking about how to provoke her co-workers the most and simultaneously how to increase their envy even further. But now, they had to party without her presence. 

 "It takes place right there in that cocktail bar." Erickson continued pointing to the bar on the first floor directly on the other side of the window. "Maybe they can see us right now with the suite brightly lit!" 

 At once, Vanessa felt startled and worried. Erickson was right. The suite was so brightly lit that everyone looking up to their window was able to look right inside. Especially, her white shining boots must have appeared like a warning light attracting everyone's attention. 

 Nevertheless, Vanessa wondered why he emphasised this fact so much. She didn't have time to ponder this question though as Erickson went on 

 "Today, you'll be the party attraction!" 

 "What?" Vanessa stammered. 

 She simply couldn't grasp what was happening. 

 "Turn around, slut!" Erickson hissed with a sharp voice "I want you to bend over and press your worthless cunt against the window! Show me what a dirty slut you really are and make yourself cum!" 

 Vanessa stared at him in shock. Was he really serious? Did he really want to show her off to the entire hotel? 

 "If you're lucky, one of your colleagues will get a good look at your cheap cunt!" Erickson remarked with an evil smile. "If that ain't no topic for the office-talk!" 

 Vanessa's hair stood on end. This day was getting worse and worse! She just had displayed herself as a vulgar street hooker to some hotel guests and now he wanted her to show her pussy to her co-workers! 

 How could she look them in the eyes ever again? How could she ever tread them as arrogantly as before? 

 Carefully, she took another look to the first floor. She couldn't make out any of her colleagues. All people seemed unknown to her. 

 A slut for everyone to see! A slut giving pleasure to any man - with her holes, with her looks, with her performance. Wasn't that her job? Wasn't that what she was here for? 

 But she wasn't here to fuel her colleagues' gossip! 

 "Start, bitch!" Erickson bellowed so loud that it coldly ran down Vanessa's spine "You don't want it to end here and now, do you?" 

 This snapped her out of her stupor. There was nothing she could do anyway! If she had to display herself to anyone – even her co-workers, she could at least do it as slutty as possible. She still was the filthiest fuckslut of them all, wasn't she? 

 In the meantime, Erickson had taken place in an armchair in front of her. Looking into Erickson's eyes, she raised her eyebrows and started wriggling her hips tentatively. Slowly, she pushed the hem of her skin-tight patent leather dress up. Finally, her bare snatch became visible. She drove her long burgundy coloured index-finger through her snatch before sucking it into her mouth. 

 Next, she pushed the cups down that wedged her massive mounds into the dress. Finally released, they bounced into freedom. When she grabbed each firm funbag, her hands resting on her ripe globes seemed tiny in comparison to her big tits. 

 

 She started massaging her boobs while she eventually bent forward making her knockers hang down off her chest. This way, they appeared even larger and more alluring. 

 Then she pushed her rear back until she hit the window. When her cunt touched the glass, Vanessa let out a yelp. The glass was ice-cold! At first impulse, Vanessa wanted to move away, but she forced herself to keep her snatch on the window. The coolness spread through her entire lower body. 

 Suddenly, all the delightful tension had gone and her cunt was dry as a bone. Gritting her teeth, she started gyrating her hips running her snatch over the window. In an attempt to get herself going again, she began digging her dark red nails into her soft tit skin pressing her nipples hard together. 

 "Pull your nasty cunt open with those whore-rings!" Erickson suddenly barked out a new command. 

 Vanessa reached behind with her arms on each side. With her thumbs and index fingers -or rather with the long burgundy manicured nails of these fingers - she grabbed her 'whore-rings'. Pulling as wide as she could, her snatch opened and the pink tender flesh of her inner cunt was layed open. Again, she pressed her cunt against the window. An even louder yelp escaped her lips. The biting coldness shot through her sensitive inner flesh. 

 For more then ten minutes, she had to work hard until her cunt got wet again. During this time, she anxiously looked over her shoulder several times to catch a glance of the first floor. She could see people looking up to her, pointing with their fingers at her and chatting with each other. But she couldn't see if some of her colleagues were between them. 

 Closing her eyes, the potential names they were calling her ran through her mind over and over again. She could almost hear the words loud. Then she heard a whistle and someone hollering at her from the outside. 

 A shudder ran through her body. This finally made her juices flow and the movement of her hips started spreading her wetness over the window. 

 With her eyes closed, Vanessa started breathing heavily, small moans escaped her lips. Her arms were still reaching back holding her labia rings with her thumbs and index-fingers. She still spread her cunt-lips apart as wide as possible but now she tightly pressed her tender inner flesh against the glass to get as much contact as possible. She started humping the window thrusting her body against it over and over again. By now, she was groaning loudly. 

 Then she let her rings go. But only for a second as she threaded the thumb and index finger of her right hand through her 'whore-rings' to spread them apart again. Her left hand free, she grabbed the butt plug with it, pulled it partially out and rammed it back inside in one forceful thrust. 

 And finally, she came. 

 The relief was there and she screamed it out as loud as she could! It was like a jolt hitting her inner core. The most intensive feeling she had ever experienced. It was different to the endless state of ecstasy she had experienced on the balcony of the country club. Instead, it was like one extreme bang – like thunder and lightning striking at the same time. But therefore, it ebbed away pretty fast leaving her yearning for more. 

 Suddenly, loud applause erupted in front of her making her eyes snap open. Her heart stopped for a second. 

 Erickson's two friends from the law convention were sitting next to him clapping at her performance. 

 "Good show, fuckslut!" Erickson remarked. 

 Inside Vanessa, a little pride welled up. This is only the beginning. I can be so much more perverted, she thought to herself. 

 She wasn't mad at Erickson for letting his two buddies – Mr. Thornton and Mr. Goldberg as she learned later - join their little party. She didn't feel ashamed in front of them either. 

 She was a fuckwhore for rich men, wasn't she? After all, these were some lawyers from out of town that had already felt her up in the piano bar making her so horny. It was just fair to give them something back. 

 Vanessa remained in her bend over position with her juices slowly running down the window glass until Goldberg approached her. He grabbed her hair forcing her to turn around. 

 "Say hello to your fans!" he remarked. 

 Vanessa could see several groups of people standing on the first floor looking up to their room. When she looked at them, they broke out in cheers. 

 Vanessa's hair stood on end. Now, her face was exposed to them identifying her to them. She knew at once that this situation would never leave her alone for the rest of her life. 

 Frantically, she looked around for a group of woman. But she couldn't make out one of her co-workers. Nevertheless, this didn't mean that they hadn't seen her performance! Still, she calmed down a bit. 

 Then, Goldberg forced her into a crouching position. 

 "Guess, they want an encore!" he told her pressing her face against the smeared glass. 

 Vanessa had to lick her own cunt juices off the window while the group of people hollered at her. She could even hear some shouts urging her to come down to them. 

 When she had finally finished her task, she anxiously looked back at them to ascertain that the secretaries were still not there. Getting her confirmation, she waved goodbye to the group and stepped away from the window. 

 She was glad that her public humiliation was eventually left behind her. Erickson had pushed his game to the top and it had almost been too much for her. 

 The fear of getting caught by someone she wanted to keep her lady-image up towards had been thickening. But on the other hand, being openly humiliated and displayed as a common whore somehow had been an incredible turn on too. 

 Now that the danger of getting caught was over, she was ready to get ruthlessly used as the dogbitch she was. To this moment, no living bone had been in any of her holes. And she definitely wanted to change this. 

 Erickson definitely knows how to work a bitch's mind shot through Vanessa's head before she was startled out of her thoughts. 

 "Strip!" Goldberg suddenly commanded. 

 Vanessa turned her back to the three men, arched it and stretched her ass out to them. Wiggling her butt tentatively, she ran her long burgundy manicured hands over her tramp stamp to show it off to the guys in all its glory. 

 "Queeny Ho!" resounded inside her head. But right now, the 'Queeny' was fairly quiet while the 'Ho' was almost screamed. 

 Slowly opening the zipper at the side, she let the shiny tight burgundy leather dress fall to the floor and stepped out of it. With a swinging gyration, she turned around and presented her bare naked luxurious body to the guys. 

 "On your knees, bitch!" Thornton ordered. "Crawl over here! I wanna see that fat tits scraping the floor clean!" 

 Vanessa did as she was told. Kneeling down, she leaned forward until she rested on her elbows. Pressing her spine down, she made sure that her plump ripe funbags were pressed onto the floor. The soft flesh wobbled out at the sides. She could feel the hard cold parquet rubbing against her nipples when she started crawling forward. 

 Vanessa wasn't able to move fast in her crouched position, but in no time the rough ground turned her sensitive nipples into firm diamonds. 

 While she worked hard to get forward, cleaning the dirt off the floor with her delicate boobs, the three men undressed. 

 Finally, she had made it in front of Thornton. Kneeling up with her arms behind her back, she proudly presented her round big globes to him arching her back. 

 At once, Thornton gripped her erect nipples and pressed them together hard – real hard. Pain shot through her body making her yelp. But it was more of a groan that came over her lips. 

 "You really like getting roughed up, don't you?" he remarked. 

 "This dogbitch is just a fuckpig to be used as you like!" Vanessa simply answered. 

 She heard her own words as if they were coming out of the distance – from another person. Still, this self-degradation made her pussy quiver from excitement. 

 "Erickson told us you're the best fuckhole ever!" Thornton continued. 

 "Are you really worthy of so much praise?" he wondered. "I'm not so sure yet." 

 Vanessa almost felt hurt by his words. Then he suggested 

 "Convince me! Make yourself gag on my cock!" 

 Vanessa was glad for this chance to prove her excellence of slutdom. Immediately, she spit a white glob into her hand and started stroking his dick. It was an impressive cock – probably 12" long and pretty thick, too. 

 When Thornton's tool stood up and proud, she let it go and clasped her hands behind her back. She opened her mouth that looked small compared to the big cock head, and in one swift motion she impaled her face on the thick meat. 

 She didn't get the large tool down her throat at first try though. So she moved her mouth back up and rammed herself down again. This time, she made it. The cock was firmly lodged inside her throat. 

 From the sudden intrusion, a loud gag erupted from between her closed lips. She couldn't keep the dick down her throat for long as it was so thick. So she started giving herself a superior face fucking. 

 Over and over, she drilled her face down the long hard shaft. More and more drool gathered in her mouth, louder and louder gags and gurgling noises erupted from her throat. More and more of her exquisite make-up and dark eye-liner ran down her cheeks. 

 Thick white, slimy strands of spit basically splattered from her mouth so feverishly did she ream her own face. By now, the fucking sounded as wet as if he was drilling his cock into a bottle filled with water so full of slobber was her mouth. 

 "Yeah, fuck your skull, pig!" Thornton egged her on. 

 Every time she needed a break to gasp some air, she gathered some of the throat slime hanging in a long string between her lips and his cock head. Then she pushed it back into her mouth. Making a show of it, she presented her spit- filled mouth to him before she gulped the nasty mass down. 

 After more than 5 minutes of this perverted play, Thornton hadn't cum yet. Then he decided to up the ante some more. 

 "Let's test your limits, fuckcow!" he yelled when he tightly grabbed the back of her head. 

 Next, Vanessa felt her face getting hardly shoved down his cock till her nose was buried in his pubic hair. 

 "Lick my balls, bitch!" he growled in his aroused state. 

 Vanessa tried pushing her tongue out of her mouth. But with her throat deeply impaled on his straining shaft, it wasn't that easy. 

 Eventually, she made it and her wet tongue curled around his hairy balls. But this caused her to gag rapidly and very violently. If there hadn't been a cock down her throat, she would have retched hard right there. 

 When Thornton let her go, her chest heaved heavily drawing in the air. By now, her entire bust was covered with wet drool. 

 Pushing her face back onto his meat, Thornton suddenly clasped her nose shut with his fingers. Her air supply was shut off. 

 Then, he started counting – slowly, real slow. 

 "10, 9, 8," 

 She needed air. Her throat started spasming gripping the dick tightly. Tears shot to her eyes. 

 "7, 6, 5" 

 She needed to breathe! Vanessa started panicking. She started struggling but the mean guy kept her steady with his firm grip on her head. Her arms waved around in the air uncontrolled. 

 Her throat was pressing against the hard tool lodged deep inside it harder and harder. 

 "4, 3" 

 Black points started jumping in font of her eyes. Her throat muscles went wild in desperate attempts to push the invader out. Loud gags emanated off her mouth. Her hands went to his legs and she pushed with all her might. 

 Suddenly, she was free. She almost fell back over from the power of her push. But finally, she was able to breathe. 

 She only managed to breathe once before she needed the air to scream. Thornton had slapped her left tit hard - so hard that it wobbled around from the force of the impact. At once, a nasty red mark appeared on her jugg. 

 "Had I reached the 1, bitch? Had I allowed you to push off my dick?" he barked at her. "YOU wanna be a good fuckslut? You can't even give a decent blow job!" 

 "Please!" Vanessa stammered. 

 But before she could say another word, Thornton's order interrupted her. 

 "Back on my dick with this whore-mouth!" 

 As fast as she could, Vanessa stumbled to her knees and rammed her cock back onto his long shaft. At once, she gagged harshly again. This time, Thornton didn't grab the back of her head or forced her head down his dick. Instead, he didn't touch her at all simply starting to count. 

 And this time, he began with 

 "15, 14. 13" 

 With no hands holding her in place, it was even harder for Vanessa to keep her mouth on his dick. She was in full control of her movements but she knew that she had to keep the cock lodged deeply in her throat. 

 "12, 11, 10" 

 She was endlessly gagging. Her throat hurt terribly. But she clawed her fingers into the back of Thornton's thigh pressing her face onto his tool. 

 Then, she didn't perceive the counting anymore. She was on the edge of loosing consciousness. Her throat still went wild but the rest of her body was totally limp. 

 "2, 1" 

 Finally, Thornton let her face go. Vanessa coughed and retched and coughed. Her head felt like it would never stop spinning. 

 She was as thankful as never before while she heavily gasped for air. 

 Still, he only gave her time for several quick gasps though. Then, he rammed his cock back down her throat in a fast pace. In and out of her mouth, the cock went. Fortunately, he only lasted several strokes before he forcefully filled her womb with his sperm. 

 When he finished unloading his seat, Thornton petted her head mockingly and stepped away. 

 While Vanessa kneeled on the ground and clasped her hurting throat, Goldberg walked in front of her. 

 "Time for another round, dogbitch!" he remarked enthusiastically. 

 With a tortured gaze in her eyes, Vanessa looked up to him. 

 "Please, Sir!" she brought out in between coughs with a cracking voice. "Not my throat, it's so sore!" 

 "What!" the guy exclaimed in disbelief. "Are you a dirty fuckslut, or not?" 

 "Please, Sir! Don't you wanna fuck my slutty holes?" She asked tentazingly. "They're so juicy and tight!" 

 To emphasize her words, she pushed her crotch forward presenting her delicious pussy to him. With her long burgundy coloured fingernails, she grabbed the barbell in her clit hood and twisted it. 

 "Behave as the fuckslut you are!" Erickson chimed in with a stern voice that didn't tolerate any opposition. 

 Vanessa had to gulp down hard. Her throat was sore and hurt! 

 Slowly, she opened her mouth again. To take her mind off her hurting throat, she touched her pussy. 

 It was soaking wet! Despite the pain, she was dripping with juices. Or was it because of the pain? 

 For the next ten minutes or more, Goldberg was letting off steam inside her mouth. Over and over, he rammed her face like a loose cunt in a fast pace. He even alternated between hammering his dick inside and shoving her head up and down his shaft rapidly. The squishing noises from the pool of spit and gurgling sounds from her throat filled the entire suite. 

 It didn't hurt as much as Vanessa had anticipated. As long as he didn't hit the entrance to her throat, it wasn't that bad. Instead, she was rewarded with groans from Goldberg proving the pleasure he received from her facecunt. 

 Erickson was right. She was here to let out her inner depraved slut. The whore that craved any attention men gave her, the whore that did any perverted act to please men, the whore that slowly took over her entire being. 

 This realization gave Vanessa knew strength but at that exact moment, Goldberg drove his cock home. He pushed it deep down until it hit the back of her throat. Immediately, her throat muscles started spasming again. Once more, she started gagging violently. 

 Tears shot into Vanessa's eyes when Goldberg started repeating Thornton's counting game. All the time, it was commented by him groaning deeply and Vanessa whining tearfully. 

 There was nothing else for Vanessa to do than wince from the pain. Her throat felt like raw meat by now. Furiously, her fingers rubbed her clit to detract herself. But the pain was so fierce, she wouldn't get off. 

 Goldberg slowly counted down from ten twice before he let her face go. 

 While Vanessa heaved and coughed, he turned around and presented his buttocks to her. 

 As he was in better shape than Erickson, his ass didn't look as chubby and wobbly. But still, it was pale and hairy – definitely not an inviting sight! 

 Vanessa didn't need another request anymore. She still didn't like what she was about to do but it was part of being a slut. And she was eager to do anything that didn't involve getting her throat bashed. After having her head held tight for such a long time, she was even looking forward to munching on his dirty asshole as she was the one in control. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 08 ****** byCathartico© With her hands spreading his cheeks apart, she went to work. At once, the stench crept up her nose making her shudder again. 

 But there was no hesitating anymore. Beginning at the sensitive and sweaty flesh of his perineum, she ran her tongue over his entire ass crack up to his asshole. She repeated this several times. 

 Then, she took aim at the hole. She pushed her face in even deeper and began scouring his ass with her tongue letting her saliva coat his anus to make it wet and slippery. She darted her soft tongue against the tight puckered hole driving it in deeper every time. 

 Then, she placed her lips over his tight anal hole and sucked. The taste was overwhelming. It washed over every nerve of her body. But it didn't stop her. 

 This was so nasty, so vile. She was such a filthy degraded slut! 

 Again, the more she got humiliated, the more perverted she acted, the more she got aroused! Today, she had discovered a new turn on, a new association with sluttiness – licking hairy men's asses! 

 Eventually, Goldberg couldn't take it anymore. Screaming his orgasm out, he turned around and sprayed Vanessa with his goo. Spurt after spurt shot out of his dick until an immense load coated her face. 

 Tearing her mouth open, she tried getting as much as possible of the precious cream into her mouth but only a few strands landed on her mouth. 

 When he had finished, she sucked the last dribbles out of his cock and greedily scraped the cum off her face feeding it to her self. 

 By now, Vanessa already looked like a mess. Her face clearly told the story of her fierce face-fucking. Her dark mascara had formed a pool under each of her eyes and a long black string ran down her right cheek. She already looked as if used and fucked for hours. 

 The party wasn't over by far though. 

 

 

 The guys took a little break helping themselves to some drinks while Vanessa obediently kneeled on the floor waiting for their next command. 

 Erickson made fun out of giving her some water for her sore throat. He stepped in front of her with a bottle of table water in his hand. Looking down onto her, he told her to open her mouth and stick her tongue out. 

 When she obeyed, he slowly dribbled water from far above into her eagerly waiting mouth. Vanessa was immensely grateful as it helped a lot calming her sore throat down. 

 His display of dominance had an effect on her too. Being treated as a low animal clearly showed Vanessa her position. She was simply fuckmeat for them to do with as they liked. 

 Until now, Erickson had simply watched the show going on in his suite. Now, he was ready to join in again. 

 He sat down on the large couch and shot out his command. 

 "Over here, fuckpig!" 

 Hastily, Vanessa followed his order crawling over to him. 

 "Over my knees, bitch!" was his next harsh command. 

 Vanessa quickly pushed herself up and draped herself over his knees. Now, her belly lay on his knees with her ass up in the air on one side and her head down on the other side. 

 Vanessa's excitement grew. She lay there presenting her ass to his will. Would he punish her like a bad kid? Would he smack her ass like a disobedient animal? 

 Instead, Erickson ran a finger through her slit. It was still wet. Closing her eyes, Vanessa let out a soft moan. She was so hot and horny. 

 Then, he pulled on the butt plug. The butt plug - Vanessa had completely forgotten about it! It was still tightly crammed up her ass. 

 On its way out of her dark tunnel, the 7" wide plug stretched her anal ring. The big bulge began appearing while her sphincter opened wide. 

 Vanessa's moans turned into loud grunts as her asshole was expanded ever more. The tight ring tried pressing the plug back in with all its might. It was just so big! 

 But Erickson didn't stop pushing. The skin was extended almost to its breaking point when the plug finally plopped out with a loud pop. 

 Vanessa awaited Erickson to pull it out completely and push it in her mouth for her to clean. But then, he suddenly rammed it back in! Hard and deep in one go! 

 She yelped out. The yelp soon turned into outright screaming though as he started hammering the plug in and out of her poor unprepared asshole. The 7" monster was far too thick to be shoved up her butt in one motion! Erickson basically ripped her ass open. 

 Vanessa tried to get away from this merciless onslaught but Erickson held her tight on his knees. 

 "Don't move, bitch!" he barked. "It's not as big as my fist! One more move and I ram my fist into your worthless ass instead! 

 "D'you want that?" he asked mockingly. 

 "Aaargh...! Please! Aaargh...! No! Aaargh...! Please, no Sir!" was all Vanessa could reply. 

 Once more, she was reduced to a whimpering, wincing mass of flesh. 

 Unimpressed, Erickson continued shoving the big plug in and out of her quivering asshole. Her anal ring was worn out, totally turned loose. Every stroke went in easier, every push let the plug reappear faster. And Vanessa could only scream. 

 "Yeah, scream bitch scream!" Erickson yelled completely going wild. "Tell me you like getting your ass ripped open, fuckcow!" 

 When Vanessa only continued whining, he grabbed her hair pulling her face up. 

 "I ain't gonna stop till your ass won't close no more. I'm gonna wear your asshole out, fuckbitch! Tell me you want it, whore!" he yelled again. 

 "Aaargh, I like aaargh getting my aaargh ass ripped open!" she stuttered gritting her teeth. "Please, Sir! Aaargh, ruin my ass!" 

 Once more, this self-degradation let a jolt of excitement implode in her clit. 

 Erickson went on until no resistance was left in her anal muscle and the 7" tool easily went in and out of her asshole. 

 This didn't make him stop though. Suddenly, while continuing to ream her ass chute ruthlessly, he started smacking her ass. The plug went in deeply, his hand smacked hard onto her right cheek. The plug went out, his hand smacked hard onto her left cheek. 

 Vanessa's shrieks reached a new level while her ass was beaten into submission and her asshole turned into raw meat. But it set her off and she came – more intense than ever before. Pain was everywhere but so was the pleasure. 

 By the time, Erickson's dick had grown hard. While her orgasm was still rushing through her body, he pushed her forward, face first, onto the floor. 

 Her ass was thrust way up, her face rested on the ground. She moaned a little in protest. 

 "Shut up, bitch!" he shouted. 

 With the plug still deeply lodged inside her ass chute, he drove his cock straight into her cunt. From all the cumming, her snatch was flowing over so he easily slipped inside. With the huge 7" plug up her ass and his cock in her gash, Vanessa was filled as never before. Honestly, she felt over-stuffed but she didn't have a word in this play. 

 While his hand proceeded to land firmly on each bright red buttock alternatingly, Erickson started banging her so fast and with such force that her cheeks jiggled wildly as each thrust almost knocked her over. Vanessa grunted even louder from this, each push going deeper than the last, her face roughly scraping over the floor. 

 Every time one orgasm slowly subsided, it was pushed aside by a new one taking her to the next high. It was like a ride on the waves – the waves of ecstasy. 

 When he came, he simply ripped the plug out of her swollen asshole leaving an incredibly wide gaping crater and shot his goo inside her raw anal chute. The syrupy jizz burned her insides making Vanessa surprisingly cum again. 

 She didn't have time to recover a bit as Goldberg and Thornton were eager to get another go. 

 They pulled her up and laid her flat onto the couch with her belly down. Then, they pushed her forward until her big luscious tits were firmly pressed on the right arm of the couch. This way, her back was arched and her body slightly pointed upwards with her head freely in the air. Vanessa had to bend her legs back until she could grab the long stiletto heels of her white leather boots with her hands. In this position, she looked like a bent bow. Her body was completely tensed and she was rendered totally immobile. 

 Goldberg got on the couch behind her and spread her ass cheeks apart. Her gaping anal ring spread even further exposing the dark tunnel behind it. Amazed, he ran his finger along the angry red edged flesh. 

 "Wow!" he exclaimed. "If that ain't no abused shithole! Guess, it's too loose for my dick." 

 "Hmmm, what are we gonna do about that?" he wondered. 

 The mocking tone in his voice didn't let Vanessa sense good things coming. And then, her suspicion was confirmed. 

 Out of Vanessa's view, Goldberg took the large plug from Erickson and pushed it straight into her snatch. Completely surprised, Vanessa let shrieked out and let her boots go. 

 This earned her a slap to the buttock and quickly her hands were back where they belonged – at her stiletto heels. 

 After having cum continuously, her pussy was still juicy as hell. Although the plug went smoothly into her well-trained cunt, it filled her fuckhole up completely. It also had the effect Goldberg had intended. Her snatch stuffed, it shut her obscenely open ass. 

 "Now the bitch is ready!" Goldberg leered. 

 Vanessa held her breath in anticipation. Her anal punishment had left her sphincter raw. And now, it was about to get fucked again. 

 But before Goldberg crammed his hard dick into her butt, Thornton stepped in front of her face. 

 "You've screamed enough for today." he told her. "There's better use for that fucking facecunt!" 

 Vanessa looked at him pleadingly but didn't dare to say a word. It wouldn't have helped anyway. 

 Obediently, she opened her mouth and Thornton pushed his cock inside. With her hands at her heels, she was completely at his mercy but he gave her the chance to set her own pace simply enjoying her velvet lips sucking on his meat. 

 This task set her mind off Goldberg until her eyes grew wide. Small whines and groans became audible from around Thornton's dick while her raw ass was stuffed full of cock. 

 Although her swollen asshole was still loose, her over-stuffed cunt tightened her ass chute again. And now it was fucked open again. Just as he had done with her face, Goldberg let off all steam on her poor ass for the next ten minutes. Vanessa could only be astonished by his stamina. 

 She felt so full! There was so much pain from Goldberg's hips hitting against her sensitive red buttocks with every thrust and from her raw ass that got hammered relentlessly. But there was also so much pleasure from the fullness of her holes and the constant penetration. The incredible sensation that arose when these two feeling merged hit her with full force and consumed her entirely. 

 Every stroke into her ass drove her mouth down Thornton's dick. She felt like a rag doll that was thrown from one side to the other getting her fuckholes alternately impaled on their dicks. 

 Vanessa liked the feeling of immobility. She was completely at their mercy. They controlled her entirely. It was another turn on that added to the sensations rushing through her body. 

 Eventually, the two guys exchanged positions. Trying to keep up with the pace Goldberg had set up, Thornton pounded away on her ass. Vanessa was throwing her head from side to side in pleasure grunting uninhibitedly. 

 Feverishly, she went to work on Goldberg's shaft. She ran her tongue over the entire length of his cock licking her anal slime off of it. 

 "Hmm, my ass tastes so good!" she purred before she sucked his balls into her mouth and noisily slurped on them. 

 With every thrust into her bowels, her body was jerked forward her tits rubbing over the fabric of the couch. This let her nipples grow even harder than before. She desperately wanted someone to pull on them, to press them together tightly. But she didn't dare taking her hands off her heels. 

 Looking up at Goldberg, she asked mischiviously 

 "Please Sir, would you pinch the dogbitch's nipples? Please?" while she arched her back even more pressing her body further up and thusly presenting her delicate firm melons to him. 

 Smiling wildly, Goldberg took her hard nipples between his fingers. Then, he pinched them hard - real hard. He squeezed with all his might causing Vanessa to groan and wince in agony – both at the same time. Pain and pleasure travelled through her chest. 

 She even tried to increase the sensations by pulling away. And then it hit her. An excruciating orgasm thundered through her body. 

 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!.... Yessssssss." 

 Her orgasm was so intense that her body reared up. Her cunt clamped onto the plug and her asshole gripped Thornton's cock tightly. 

 This set him off and he shot his sperm deep into her rectum. In her splendour, she could feel the jets of thick goo striking the insides of her anal walls. His pumping cock felt so wonderfully warm, his creamy jizz felt like flaming coals. 

 She had been yearning for this ecstatic delight! She couldn't get enough of it! She wanted it every time, everywhere. 

 

 

 It took several minutes until Vanessa came down from her high. Erickson then stepped up to her and pulled the plug out of her cunt. But he crammed it back into her ass. Again! 

 He didn't touch her any further though. Instead, he set the vibration on a low level and left her lying on the couch. 

 The three guys helped themselves to another round of drinks. In a jovial mood, they started talking about this incredibly dirty hooker they had fucked. They were discussing about her as if she wasn't in the same room with them. 

 Every few minutes, Vanessa would involuntarily cum from the vibration of the butt plug deep in her ass. Looking at her squirming on the couching, Erickson and his buddies started making fun of her cunt that stood slightly open but constantly clasped together as if trying to grasp an imaginary cock. 

 Vanessa couldn't count how money small orgasm had rushed up her spine while she was simply lying there until the three guys finally stepped back in front of her. 

 Erickson took hold of the plug and pulled it out of her. Unceremoniously, he shoved it into her mouth. It stretched her lips wide as it was so large. Then, he gripped her hair and forced her onto the ground. 

 Being pulled on her hair, she had to crawl behind him with the plug sticking out of her mouth. Without saying another word, Erickson simply led her out of the suite onto the hotel corridor. While she still kneeled there like a dog, her skimpy dress was thrown next to her and the door thrown shut. 

 There she was - the slut with the supermodel looks, the fat fucktits and luscious curves kneeling naked on an open hotel floor with a butt plug in her mouth. 

 Taking a look around, Vanessa sighed in relief when she noticed that there was no one seeing her. Hastily, she put the dress on and hurried down the floor. 

 

 

 Walking through the entrance hall of the hotel, Trey the bellboy suddenly stood next to her. 

 "Wanna leave without paying me, bitch!" he hissed at her while he firmly gripped her wrist. 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to answer, he pulled her into the employees' area... 

 To be continued... 

 Vanessa's world is turned upside down when their little secret is revealed. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 09 ****** byCathartico© One moment, Vanessa was walking down the entrance area of the exclusive hotel with a happy, satisfied look in her eyes. She had been more than successful in entertaining Erickson and his friends. And she had loved every second of the hard rough fucking they had dished out to her. 

 But the next moment, she was suddenly in Trey's vice grip. The bellboy pulled her into the employee's area that quickly she didn't have any chance to protest. 

 When they finally came to a halt, Vanessa knew the surroundings too well. They were in the goods arrival department -- once again. 

 "Are you fucking nuts?" Trey screamed at her. "Wanna leave without my pay?" 

 His head was glowing bright red from anger and he looked ready to explode any second. He tightly grabbed Vanessa's chin making her look up to him. 

 "Wanna fuck me over, whore?" he barked. "You don't know who you're messing with!" 

 Vanessa was shaking from fear. She didn't know what Trey was about to do but he looked capable of anything if he didn't get his money. 

 "Sorry, I I didn't find you!" she stuttered trying to calm him down. "I'd never deceive you!" 

 As reaction, Trey smacked a burning slap to her cheek causing tears to shoot into her eyes. 

 "Don't fucking lie to me, whore!" he spat at her. 

 The next moment, Vanessa felt her purse getting ripped out of her hands. Trey opened it and rummaged around inside. Only, he didn't find a lot of money in it. She only had some change with her for the cab ride home. 

 Looking back at Vanessa, he appeared even more enraged. 

 "Where -- Is - It!" he asked emphasising every single word. "Where's the fucking cash!" 

 Vanessa was deadly frightened by now trembling uncontrollably. 

 "I I don't have no money." she stuttered with a small voice. 

 "You wanna screw me?" Trey screamed his voice tumbling. "I saw you with at least 3 johns!" 

 Menacingly, he took a step towards Vanessa. Seeing the disbelief in his eyes, she staggered back. 

 "They they payed me forefront." she said with a small voice taking cover in anticipation of another slap. 

 "What?!?" Trey responded not believing his ears." You wanna tell me I don't get no money? I've been waiting an entire hour after my shift ended! You wanna tell me I've been waiting for nothing?" 

 Trey's face glowered in an even darker shade of red while he punched the air in frustration. 

 Then, he looked back at Vanessa. Slowly, she was fighting down her fear. 

 What a fucking bastard! Who did he think he was? Why did he think he could treat her like that? He was just a little bellboy! No one in a position to give orders to her! 

 Vanessa started getting furious about the situation herself. She wanted to get home. She was exhausted. She was worn out -- her holes were worn out. 

 "I need that money! ... I'll get that money!" Trey hissed over and over again. 

 Suddenly, he stepped forward and grabbed Vanessa's neck making her yelp from the vice grip. 

 "You better give me my money or I'll make you work for it, fucking whore!" 

 Vanessa was seriously getting in a fury by now. This low-life wannabe pimp wasn't on the same level as herself. She should be the one ordering him around. Making him run for his money! Making him service her any which way she wanted! 

 She tried to free herself from the bastard's grip throwing punches around her. But she didn't have a chance against him. He was far too strong. 

 "I don't work for you!" she screamed hysterically. 

 "Just give me my fucking money!" Trey shouted in response. 

 "Why should I pay you anything?" Vanessa asked back. "You're not in a position to tell me anything!" 

 "Ooh, you want me to call the cops? Didn't we have a talk about that before?" he mocked her. 

 Vanessa groaned in despair. Her courage was gone just as soon as it had flamed up. 

 The damned cops. She wasn't keen on getting to know the insides of a jail cell. She wasn't keen on anyone finding out she'd been to prison. She had to care for her reputation. 

 In defeat, she slumped together. She knew that he had her in his grip. There was nothing she could do against it. 

 "What what do you want me to do?" she asked gulping down the lump in her throat. 

 "Oh, the Queeny Ho is back in line!" Trey mocked her some more. "Miss Hooker's gonna work some more. Only this time, I'm gonna get the money." 

 After explaining his plan to her, he let Vanessa's neck go. He pushed her away from him making her stagger forward. Then, he pulled out his cell phone and dialled some numbers. 

 While he was on the phone, Vanessa had time to think about this new turn of events. She didn't like getting whored out by this mean guy -- she didn't like it a bit! She was the office slut. She only fucked influential wealthy men in order of her office. She was no common street whore! She was an elegant lady playing a slut from time to time! 

 Feverishly, she thought about ways to get out of this situation. She knew she had to pay off this bastard before she could get home. But she didn't see any. Staying in prison overnight still wasn't an option. She had to bite the rotten apple. She had to do what this fucker wanted her to. 

 After Trey had finished his calls, he had walked back up to Vanessa. Unceremoniously, he had pushed her over making her bend forward. Pulling the hem of her dress up over her hips in a swift motion he had inspected her fuckholes. 

 The ruthless way he inspected her like cattle, let a shiver run down Vanessa's spine. She damned herself for getting excited from this humiliating behaviour. But she could do nothing against it. 

 "Wow!" Trey exclaimed. "Your johns put that hooker holes through a wringer! They're ruined for good!" 

 Another shiver rushed through her body. Vanessa felt like a piece of meat -- a hooking piece of fuckmeat. And this treatment aroused her! 

 Quickly, Trey took Vanessa's hand and pulled her to an elevator in the employee's area. She would have walked with him on her own but he didn't give her a chance. So she had to stagger behind him trying to keep up with him in her stiletto boots. 

 The elevator took them to another floor. With a key card, Trey opened an empty suite and led her inside. There he gave her a short but clear order 

 "Get yourself fresh and clean." 

 Nodding, Vanessa walked into the bathroom. She could feel any bone in her body. She was so exhausted. But she knew the day wasn't over yet. 

 What will he make me do? Vanessa wondered. Will it arouse me, too? Will it be even more filthy and nasty than anything before? 

 All these thoughts spun through her head while she took a short shower. When she stepped out, Trey was already waiting for her. Of course, he made sure to be the one towelling her off. Especially, her firm big boobs got a good squeeze. 

 While drying her off, he let some water into the tub. 

 "We need to get that used holes back in shape, whore." he explained. "Sit in the water till I tell you to get out!" 

 Vanessa's 'fuckholes' felt just as Trey described them. They definitely needed some soothing. But still, her pussy was tingling from his rude words. So she simply nodded and lowered herself into the tub. 

 When her soft ass touched the water, she let out a yelp. It was ice cold! At once, she tried to get up but Trey pushed her down on her shoulders. 

 "The cold water makes your holes shrink back to size. That's exactly what your gaping craters need right now." 

 Vanessa had to grip her teeth to keep them from clapping. The water was incredibly cold. Her sensitive crotch and ass felt like getting frozen. Nevertheless, Trey let her sit in the tub for half an hour. Every ten minutes, he cam back inside to let the warming water out and new ice cold in. 

 In the end, goose bumps permanently covered Vanessa's tanned soft skin. But when she was finally allowed to step out of the tub, she had to admit that her pussy and asshole had really shrunk back to their original size. Running her hand over her cunt, she could feel that it was tight and dry as a bone. Her butthole was still swollen and sore but had also closed back up. 

 "C'mon, show the world what a cheap slut you are. Put on your whore make-up!" Trey impatiently advised her. 

 When she looked into the mirror, she saw the person Vanessa Laren. But she knew that she was about to get whored out to some ugly guys. So she had to cover this personality up and hide it under the whore "Queeny Ho". 

 Therefore, she put on heavy layers of make-up and painted the space between her upper eyelids and brows with dark eye shadow. Plenty layers of gloss made her lips glisten wetly. Finally, black eyeliner and heavy mascara emphasized her sparkling green eyes immensely. 

 Looking back into the mirror, Vanessa now saw the definition of a glamour slut looking back at her. Only that this glamorous bitch was about to get rendered into an ordinary hooker. 

 Trey took her out of the hotel to his car. It was one of those big old American cars. Only, it was running on its last piston. He drove straight to the part of town Vanessa knew so well by now. It was the sleazy rundown red light district where Vanessa had gained her first experience as a striptease dancer and gotten her whore tags. 

 He took her to a bar that looked just as sleazy and cheap as the one she had been with Stanton, Miller and Erickson. When they entered, the bar was busy. Mainly men had gathered to take some drinks. But there were also some women accompanying them. With the late hour, the atmosphere was already filled with alcohol. Loud chatter was everywhere. 

 When Trey walked inside with Vanessa at his hand, the chatter calmed down immediately until the entire room was dead silent. No wonder as the redhead with the curvy body, heavy tits and whorish tramp stamp was a sight to be seen. In this shabby surroundings, she stood out like a sore thump. With the black skin-tight latex dress, the knee-high fuck-me boots and slutty make-up, she looked like a pornstar. A glamour slut these men were only jerking off to while looking at pictures of her. 

 Enjoying the attention, Trey slowly walked her to the bar. With all eyes glued to her, he made a show of letting his hand roam over her lower back. This way, he directed anyone's attention directly to her degrading tramp stamp. Immediately, she could feel all eyes scraping over her whore tag. 

 When Vanessa sat down onto the bar stool, the low v-formed cleavage of her dress came into full play. The leather fabric was so low-cut that in a sitting position every one could look deep down the canyon between her ass cheeks. Her tramp stamp and clearly visible buttocks were drawing the guys' looks like moths to the flame. 

 When the barman put two pints in front of them, he made sure to get a good look at her firm ripe melons as they were presented to him like on a shelf. A sleazy grin spread over his face. 

 Meanwhile, Trey leaned over to Vanessa and whispered something into her ear. This caused her to decisively shake her head. Pressing his fingers firmly into her thighs, he repeated his whispering and this time she nodded. 

 Nervously, Vanessa sipped on her beer. She needed the calming influence of the alcohol. Every pore of her body struggled against Trey's demand. Anxiously, she looked around the room. All these people could be summed up in one word - - white trash. The sort of humans she despised so much. The persons she had sworn to never ever get into contact with again after finally leaving her parent's trailer home. 

 Now, she had been roughed up by a group of trailer trash in open daylight. She had been fucked by a cheap waiter in a filthy backyard. 

 And she had enjoyed it. She had cum endless times. She had yearned for more degradation. 

 A part of her had hated it, had despised her treatment as dirty fuckmeat. But another part had loved it - a part that needed to be humiliated and put through a wringer ever so often. 

 But all of these events had been a part of her job - her job as the office slut. A fuckslut for rich men pleasing them any way they liked. And Stanton had liked to watch her getting degraded by these scumbags. Still, she had only done it at his command. 

 Now, she was here on her own. She was here to get whored out like a common street hooker. Something completely different! Something she didn't want to do! Something far beneath her dignity! She didn't know if she could bring herself to do it. 

 While Vanessa struggled with these thoughts, one of the men got up and sat down next to her. He was looking pretty washed out but in reality his age was probably close to forty. He had a weathered, down beaten face that a beard somewhat covered and his breath stank for liquor. 

 With his eyes roaming over her entire body he checked her out before he asked 

 "Does the "Queeny Ho" deserve her name?" 

 Vanessa's heart was in her throat. It thumped in lightning speed. She knew exactly what to do. Trey had given her a crystal clear order. Gulping down, she answered with a small voice 

 "You can do anything you want with this 'Queeny Ho' for 50 bucks, Mister!" 

 She didn't know what was worse - offering herself to this random ugly guy as a hooker or letting herself get fucked for 50 bucks. 

 50 bucks!!! 

 She was a high-class slut not some cheap street walker! Men would pay so much more to even be allowed to sit at the same table with her! And now, she was even begging this sleazebag to use her for this ridiculous charge. 

 A smile appeared on the guy's -- her john's -- face. Without further ado he grabbed her hand and pushed her through the bar to the restrooms - in front of the eyes of the entire crowd. 

 Vanessa could see the persons they passed sticking their heads together. Anyone inside knew what was about to happen. Everyone knew what she was. 

 Unimpressed, he led her into the ladies' restroom. He simply walked to one of the booths opened its door and sat down onto the seat. 

 Vanessa remained standing in front of the line of cubicles. Uncertain, she looked around. It was a typical restroom one would expect in such a shoddy bar. In fact, this dump was a shithole. 

 There was a long line of white booths. Only, the white colour of its walls was hidden by a flood of tags. The white tiles had turned yellowish over the years. The slippery floor was covered with a greasy filth. The bins were overflowing and in front of one cubicle a pile of puke spread over the tiled floor. A biting stink crept up her nose. 

 This was definitely no place Vanessa would spend a penny. She wouldn't even place a foot into it! Under normal circumstances... 

 "Get going ho!" Her first-ever john exclaimed tired of waiting for her to move. 

 Slowly, very slowly, she stepped into the cubicle and closed the door. Even after all of the other guests had seen them walking into the restroom, she didn't want anyone watching how she serviced her first customer as a cheap hooker in this shitty place. 

 Leaning forward, she opened the guy's jeans and freed his already rigid cock. She hesitated again. She couldn't believe that she was about to lower herself onto this grimy floor and suck this pathetic specimen of a man off. She couldn't believe that she was spurning her own dignity so hard. 

 For a moment, she wondered what had been on this floor. It sure didn't look like it had been mopped anytime lately. And her bare knees were about to get in touch with this filth. 

 As the guy was getting impatient, she eventually dropped to the ground. With such little space in the cubicle, she had to completely kneel down. Spreading out her legs, they jutted out under the cubicle door. Now, her black heeled leather boots were openly visible in the restroom. 

 Everyone knows you're performing your hooker-service anyways! Shot through her mind giving her the creeps. All she could do was to get it over as fast as possible. 

 So she focused on the task at hand and began working the trashy guy's dick. It wasn't that large so she had no problem gulping its entire length down. Working her mouth up and down, his entire shaft got covered in her drool. When his cockhead hit her throat, she was reminded of its soreness. 

 At once, the burning itch was back but somehow it only caused her to push her face deep into his crotch burying his dick in her gullet. Over and over, his tool scraped over her throat and the itch increased. She couldn't tell why but it turned her on. 

 Ever faster, her head bobbed up and down. By now, she was giving herself a major face fucking pleasing the guy's dick with her soft lips and tight throat. She even had to grip the sides of his thighs with her fine burgundy manicured hands for leverage. With a grunt the man's cock erupted shooting his thick white cream into her mouth. It was such a large mass that a pool formed around her tongue. 

 With his balls empty, the sleazebag pulled his wallet out and fished a 50$ bill out of it. With one hand, he unceremoniously stuffed the green into her dress right between her fat big tits while giving her funbags a firm squeeze with the other one. 

 "Get out or you wanna watch me take a piss?" he barked ending Vanessa's first trip into prostitution. 

 Hastily, Vanessa staggered to her feet and walked out of the shitty restroom. She didn't take a single look to the sides fearing the knowing glances of the other guests. She didn't stop till she had reached Trey back at the bar coming to a halt next to him. 

 There was another command she had to fulfil. Again, she could feel all eyes on her. Hesitantly, she shyly looked around. The gazes varied between disgust and pure animalistic lust. 

 What would they say after witnessing what she was about to do? She was so ashamed yet. Could her embarrassment increase even more? 

 When Trey looked up from his pint, she pressed her impressive bust out. She put her fine burgundy manicured hands under her plump juggs as if presenting her delicious globes on a tray to him. With a triumphant look, he made a show of moving his hand to her tits and pulling the bill out of her cleavage. 

 She felt herself blush from this public disgrace. She wanted the ground to swallow her up. But it wasn't over yet. 

 Trey took her empty glass from the bar and held it in front of her. Slightly leaning forward, she let the john's cum dribble into the pint. 

 For inspection, Trey held the glass up against the light so everyone could clearly see it. Some of the creamy goo stuck to the side. With immense pleasure he shook the glass till all cum had formed a puddle on the bottom. 

 The entire crowd had watched this scene in silence. Now, loud chatter broke out again. Vanessa felt her cunt pulsating from this humiliation. 

 What was wrong with her? Why did her body enjoy such open degradation so much? She hated it! Why did her body react otherwise? 

 She didn't have a lot of time to ponder these questions though. She had barely taken place next to Trey when her next client came up to her. 

 Before he even opened his mouth to say a word, Vanessa asked in a resigned voice 

 "Would you like to fuck 'Queeny Ho' for 50, Mister?" 

 "How much for anal?" he asked back. 

 "For 50, you can fuck any hole of this whore!" Vanessa responded closing her eyes in defeat. 

 As the first one, this guy took hold of her hand and led her through the bar to the restrooms with all eyes following them. 

 "Show the whore her place!" someone hollered after them. 

 The man didn't look any better than her first customer. His most striking feature was the greasy black hair he combed across his head to hide the baldness on top of it which of course didn't work at all. 

 He led her into the gents' room this time. Although almost impossible, it was in an even shittier condition. To be honest, it was an absolute disgrace. 

 This place must have been clean once but which previous decade that had been was not obvious. Everything was horribly filthy and brownish. Vanessa didn't know what was worse, the nauseous smell that permeated the place or puddles of piss that formed on the tiled floor which was one complete layer of slime. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 09 ****** byCathartico© They guy pushed her back against a dirty tiled wall and came as close as possible. She could feel his breath on her cheek and of course smell the alcoholic stench. 

 In one motion, he ripped the cups of her dress down exposing her plump juggs. 

 "Nice fucking tits!" he commented while mauling them for some moments. 

 Then, he swiftly turned her around and pushed the hem of her skirt up over her curvy ass. 

 "Spread that whore ass!" he ordered. 

 At once, Vanessa obeyed. She dug her long burgundy coloured nails into her ass cheeks and spread her buttocks far apart. She tried offering her holes to him in the most inviting way to bring it behind her as fast as possible. She couldn't stay in this shitty dump for long before getting sick. 

 Her puckered anal rose was still swollen but tightly closed from the cold water. This didn't stop her john though. He simply put his dick at the entrance of her sore asshole and pressed with full force cramming his thick cock inside. Her ass was not only raw but dry as a bone so the pain shooting up her spine was intense. 

 Vanessa knew she couldn't beg him to stop although she wanted to. Every pore of her body screamed for it to end but he had paid to have his way with her. She could only wince and grunt. 

 Eventually, her anal ring popped open and his dick plunged inside. At once, he started pumping her brutally. Vanessa's hands were still caught between her back and his belly spreading her cheeks. 

 With every thrust her soft delicate tits were mercilessly shoved against the grimy tiles of the wall. She tried to back off the wall but the ugly man only answered with grabbing her hair. Pulling her head back, he made her arch her back and with his full weight pressed her tightly against the wall. Now, her tits rubbed up and down the gross tiles with every stroke. 

 She could feel the filth on her skin. This was so vile! Her face contorted into a mask clearly showing off the disgust she felt. She felt so helpless, she felt so nauseated, she felt so degraded! She had never been more grossed out. She wanted to plead with him but gritted her teeth suffering through this nasty ordeal. 

 Her john proceeded to abuse her helpless asshole with hard thrusts until he was ready to burst. Pushing her around, he forced her to her knees and deposited his load into her mouth. 

 He smeared his dick over her closed lips wiping her anal slime off it. Then he pulled out the bill she had earned so hard. Pushing her up onto her feet, he made her lean forward and crammed the bill into her pussy. 

 One more time, Vanessa made her way to the bar with her mouth closed. Standing next to Trey, she pulled her dress up presenting her bare crotch to him. With a dirty grin, he shoved three fingers into her pussy and thrust them in and out of her dry cunt several times before he pulled the bill out. Showing them triumphantly to the crowd, some men started clapping and whistling. 

 As the guys were getting more and more aroused by her show, the women started hastily leaving the bar dragging their men with them. It almost seemed like they were trying to keep their men away from this cheap bitch. Of course, they didn't leave before saying goodbye to Vanessa with especially condescending looks of revulsion. 

 Finally, only men were left in the bar and of course every one of them was ready to get a go at one of Vanessa's holes. 

 The first one took her to the gents' room and fucked her cunt. He simply bent her over and filled her snatch from behind fucking her in standing doggy. 

 Her snatch was so dry that he ripped her open with every thrust. Her sensitive pussy skin got rubbed raw and she just didn't get wet. He was hammering away at her poor cunt with such power that Vanessa couldn't keep herself up for long. 

 To prevent herself from tumbling over onto the grimy floor, she could only get a halt on the dirty hand basin. The guy used this chance to pull her head back on her hair and force her to look at herself through the cracked mirror while he humped her dry cunt from behind. 

 "Look at yourself." he started cursing at her. "Can you see the brainless hooker? How cheap you are to let random men hump you in a shithole like this!" 

 The picture she was seeing through the cracked mirror made her sick. But at the same time, her cunt finally got wet. Right then, she was pulled onto her knees again and another load of gooey spunk was dumped inside her mouth. 

 Taking over the idea from his predecessors, this john crammed his bill into her asshole and pushed it deep inside until nothing but a tiny peak stuck out. 

 By now, Vanessa had given up. She hated what she was doing. She despised it to the chore but still her body reacted otherwise. So she could at least ease into her role until it was eventually over. 

 Shaking her hips tentatively, she walked up to Trey. Taking the glass on her own, she turned around facing the crowd and slowly let the cum dribble into the pint. Then, she turned around and presented her shapely butt to her pimp. Slowly she pushed her dress up and gyrated her hips until Trey had pulled the bill out. 

 She didn't even have time to wiggle her dress back down over her buttocks before two more clients stood in line. Tired of the restrooms, she simply told them 

 "50 and you can fuck 'Queeny Ho' right here!" 

 The two younger guys were eager to follow her suggestion. They simply bent her over the bar stool and attacked her holes. One pumped into her pussy and the other shoved his dick into her wet mouth. She simply had to keep still while every thrust into her cunt shoved her mouth down onto the other dick. 

 They proceeded pushing her back and forth on her holes. The one behind grabbed her curvy hips while the other one got a hold on the back of her head. Vanessa simply let them handle her like a rag doll until they were ready to burst. 

 One more time, she was shoved onto the ground. Squatting between the two guys, she spread her legs wide and presented her inviting cunt to the crowd. Opening her mouth, she was ready to catch their loads. 

 They both used her mouth as a cum dump and watched her spit it into the glass. Then, they threw their bills right onto the dirty floor of the bar. 

 They didn't even have to tell her what they wanted to see anymore. Immediately, she dropped to the dusty floor, lowered her head down, opened her mouth and bit on the bills. Gathering one note up with her mouth, she turned around on her hands and knees and brought it to Trey like a dog carrying a ball back to its master. She had to repeat this act with the other note before she stood back up. 

 What had she just done? She had displayed herself as the lowliest whore! Why had she done this on her own? It had seemed so natural. But it was so degrading! It aroused her so much! But it made her burn from shame. 

 When she looked at the rest of the guys, she could see that they had pulled their dicks out of their trousers and jacked them while watching her getting fucked. 

 She knew exactly that Trey wanted her to service any of these guys. So she simply walked to the nearest table and addressed the man. 

 "Do you want to use this whore's holes for 50, mister?" 

 Of course, he didn't decline. Following his demand, she got onto her hands and knees right in the middle of this shabby bar for every one to see and crawled under the table. Kneeling between his legs, she sucked him off until he filled her mouth with his sticky cream. 

 With her mouth filled, she looked up at him waiting for her money. The guy leaned forward and took her by surprise when he spat a large glob right onto her forehead. 

 With an evil grin, he took the bill and slapped it right there. From the spit, the note stuck to her forehead. 

 "Crawl back to your pimp, ho!" he ordered before directing his attention back to his drink. 

 Vanessa felt devastated from embarrassment when she had to crawl over the grimy floor of the bar with a note glued to her forehead. 

 For the next hour, Vanessa serviced the remaining 10 guests right at their tables. She either had to ride them like a cowgirl or was simply bent over the table and fucked from behind. Overall, her cunt and asshole were given a prime workout and every costumer filled her mouth with his spunk. 

 Of course, each of them pushed his bill between her fat tits, into her pussy or ass and every time she had to walk back to Trey giving him the money and depositing the cum in her glass. 

 When she had finished off her last john, Trey expectantly held the glass in front of her eyes. Nervously, she took the jar from him. Looking inside, a surprise awaited her. One quarter of the jar was filled with white thick cream. It not only looked like an incredibly huge bulk -- it definitely was an incredibly huge bulk. 

 Did she really want to do this? Could she bring herself to swallow this vile mass? She had degraded herself so much. It had been enough humiliation for one day. 

 She could hear the guests whispering to each other. 

 "Did you ever see such a truckload of cum?" one asked under his breath. 

 "If she gets it down, she's definitely the filthiest whore I can imagine!" another answered holding his breath. 

 These words let a smile appear on Vanessa's sweaty face. It grew ever wider until she grinned like a Cheshire cat ready to lap up its milk. She had realized how much she could amaze these men by completing this filthy ordeal and make them love her even more. 

 They could debase her as much as they wanted to. In the end, she was the one having the power to make them cum and astonish them. Even more, she was the one getting off on their abuse the most. 

 In one motion, she lifted the jar to her lips, tipped it back, and began drinking the filthy cum. The entire group of men was able to see her throat muscles move as she swallowed the vile cream. She took two gulps then she had to set the glass down. 

 She started choking and gagging. But the group of men went crazy yelling obscenities at her. 

 "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! You filthy cumwhore! What a dirty fuckpig!" 

 This made her bring the jar back to her lips. Again, she tipped it back and let the remaining mass of thick sticky cream run into her mouth. She couldn't swallow it at once though. Tears were forming in her eyes, chokes emanated from her tightly closed mouth. Then she tilted her head back and gulped while making a face of disgust. 

 Opening her mouth, she showed the guys that it was all gone earning disbelieving looks from them. The men were so astonished that they were rendered speechless for the moment. 

 Still, the face of disgust remained on Vanessa face. And this was exactly how she felt. 

 Suddenly though, she heard herself exclaiming 

 "This was so naughty! It tasted so dirty! I feel so filthy! I hope I'm a good whore for you!" 

 While she wondered where these words had come from, the last guests began getting up and piling out of the bar. 

 "Good job whore!" Trey praised her stuffing her hard earned money into his pocket. "At least you're good for something." 

 He wouldn't give her a single buck that much was clear. But Vanessa didn't care about the money anyways. All she thought about was to get back home as soon as possible. This evening had gone a completely different way than it had been supposed to and she didn't like it a bit. 

 With no more customers around, Trey finally took her back home. When she stepped out of his car, he let her go with the words 

 "See you soon! I can use some green any day!" 

 Vanessa only prayed she wouldn't set another foot into the exclusive hotel ever again. 

 The whole night long, Vanessa wasn't able to fall asleep. The scenes in the shabby bar played in her head over and over again. The feelings she had experienced caused a turmoil of thoughts. She had never been as ashamed in her entire life but simultaneously she had become extremely aroused. It seemed like her body yearned for the humiliation while her mind hated it at the same time. 

 When dawn broke, Vanessa still couldn't figure out what was going on with her. But she knew one thing for sure. She would never be a cheap street hooker ever again. 

 She was a slut for the law-office and she loved it. She enjoyed acting as dirty and filthy as possible for the pleasure of these rich men. She liked them forcing her to do anything for their delight. But she would never walk the streets to turn some tricks on her own. She was still a lady -- a lady that enjoyed getting roughed up. 

 The next day, she was called into the office. She thought Erickson would like to thank her for the last night. But when she stepped into the large bureau, Stanton, Miller and Erickson were all waiting for her. 

 They didn't look like being in a cheerful mood. Instead, their eyes bore sternly into her. She didn't dare saying a word so she simply waited for them to make the first move. 

 "We got a problem!" Stanton finally broke the silence. "It seems like your slut-activities are the talk of the town right now." 

 He threw a newspaper onto the large wooden desk. 

 A picture of Vanessa's backside rubbing against the hotel window was prominently displayed on the first page. Fortunately, her face wasn't visible. But underneath the photo the headline read: 

 'Orgy in the Stanton, Erickson & Partners suite!' 

 Vanessa's mouth gaped open. She was totally stunned. The picture was a shock for her. And on second look, one could even detect her tramp stamp. 

 Would anyone recognize her? Would her lady-image shatter? 

 "We can't tolerate your behaviour anymore!" Stanton continued. 

 A large lump formed inside Vanessa's throat. What was he talking about? It had been a work order! She had worked as office slut in the hotel! 

 "But but I was doing it for Mr. Erickson!" she stammered. "I only did what you pay me for! It was your order!" 

 "Well, it seems your job is turning into bad publicity for our firm." Miller responded. "There's a guy that identified you in the hotel and knows about your relation with our firm. He threatens to go public about our little motivation- system." 

 "We can't let that happen!" Erickson chimed in. 

 What had Trey done? Shot through Vanessa's head. Wasn't it enough that he had pimped her out? He had gotten his money! Why didn't he leave her alone? And wherefrom did he know about her job as office slut? 

 She was getting annoyed. She had only done what Erickson had told her to. They had gotten their pleasure and now she had to suffer for it! 

 "Can't you silence him? He's all about the money!" she spilled out. 

 Her head was spinning. This couldn't happen. This wasn't allowed to happen. She liked this job -- the sex, the country club, the money. She needed this job! 

 "Ooh," Miller exclaimed. "You wanna pay him? 

 "You think you're that important for us?" he hissed at her. 

 His voice became ever louder until he screamed at the top of his lungs. 

 "What d'you think will happen to this firm if the true nature of your job comes out. The press will love it and leave this office in ruins. I'm not gonna lose all I got 'cause of you!" 

 His sudden outburst turned Vanessa's anger into fear. 

 "Please!" Vanessa cried out tears shooting to her eyes. "Haven't I been a good slut? Haven't I pleased you every which way?" 

 She felt like falling to her knees and hugging their legs when she started begging 

 "I can be an even better fuckslut. You can use me even harder! I can be much filthier for you. I'm your cumwhore!" 

 "Tststs," Stanton responded. "You already are our dirty filthy fuckwhore." 

 "And that won't change." he added after a short pause. 

 Vanessa felt a wave of relief rush through her body. She wouldn't lose the job. She wouldn't lose the status she had fought for so hard. She wouldn't lose the image she had built up so hard. 

 "Only in a slightly different position." Erickson chimed in with a chuckle. 

 What did this mean again? What was he talking about? 

 "You don't have to worry." Stanton said with a voice that sounded soothing to Vanessa. "We already have a solution for our little problem. More precisely, you have a solution." 

 "I have a solution?" Vanessa asked back in disbelief. "What can I do about it?" 

 "Oh!" Miller took the lead with a sarcastic tone in his voice. "You might remember the contract you signed with us. It defines that you have to bear all damages you cause this firm." 

 "There's only one way we can silence this informant. He wants 100,000 bucks hush-money." Stanton continued. "We can't let him talk to the newspapers!" 

 "So we already paid him off." Erickson finished. "And that money is definitely a damage you caused this firm!" 

 Vanessa's world stood still when she realized what they were telling her. They wanted her to pay the money! Of course, she didn't have that much cash! Of course, she would never be able to pay it! 

 "I don't have that money!" she said still taken aback. "You can't make me pay it!" 

 "The contract is waterproof!" Miller shot back. "And we all can identify you on that picture! You want us to sue your ass off?" 

 "It's not a question of whether, it's a question of when and how!" Erickson chimed in. 

 Vanessa felt a large lump forming in her throat. For a moment, the room was filled with silence. Vanessa didn't know what to say. Her thoughts were running wild inside her head. She could already see herself back in a seedy burger joint waiting the tables. She could see the country club disappearing in far distance. 

 She had to gulp several times before she got her voice back. 

 "How?" was all she could ask. 

 "Of course, you can't continue to work in this office anymore. We need to cut off this link." Stanton responded. "And with you flaunting all that jewelry bullshit, your colleagues are getting suspicious, too. A bit too much bling- bling for an ordinary secretary. We definitely don't need further publicity. But..." 

 Stanton took a long deep breath before he continued. 

 "You can work for us in one of our real estates. There you can work off the money you owe us. I'm convinced you're gonna love your new position." 

 "Of course, you can also try getting the money by flipping burgers again!" Miller taunted her. 

 "Oooh, no more new sports cars, no more expensive bling-bling." Erickson topped it off. 

 The look on the lawyers' faces told her that there was no sense in pleading and begging. There was nothing she could offer them instead. She could do nothing against the contract. 

 "What do you want me to do?" Vanessa asked with a small voice. 

 She felt defeated. She couldn't do anything against the contract clause. 

 But somehow, she was also glad that they gave her another chance. She was willing to do anything for them. She'd have to work off the fee but she could keep her life. She could keep her country club contacts. She was relieved beyond belief. 

 "The informant has another small request. And you can solve that right now." Stanton answered while stepping to the door. When he opened it, a guy walked in. 

 It was Mark!!! 

 "This is the guy threatening to publicize our little secret." Stanton remarked. "Guess, you two know each other." 

 Vanessa was shocked out of her mind. Chills were running up and down her spine. She didn't know how to react. 

 "Mark!" was all that escaped her lips. 

 "Shut up!" he barked. "I know everything about you and you're job." 

 "Why?" she asked pleadingly looking from him to the three lawyers. 

 "Do you think I ain't noticing you're change in behaviour? The new fucking luxury you're flaunting everywhere? The fucking tattoo? What have you done to me!" 

 "Please, Mark, let me explain!" Vanessa tried but was immediately interrupted. 

 "I wanna hear no fucking word out of your fucking mouth, bitch." he screamed. 

 It was the first time he ever cussed at her. His face was red from anger. He seemed ready to explode. 

 "Do you know what it feels like to find out that you're girlfriend is not only betraying you? No, she's whoring herself out to anyone!" Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 09 ****** byCathartico© "You lied to me! You exploited my trust!" he hissed at her. "I followed you. I've seen you at the hotel." 

 "You repulse me, you fucking whore." he spat out. "Did you ever think about me? I fucked you not knowing who filled your rotten cunt with his filthy goo before! Do you know how I feel now?" 

 As sudden as his outburst had started, he fell silent again. Vanessa looked at him. She wanted to explain everything to him. She wanted to tell him that she hadn't wanted to hurt him, that she was sorry. She loved him -- she had loved him once. Lately, she wasn't so sure anymore. 

 But the fury raging in his eyes scared her so much that she didn't dare to open her mouth. 

 What should she tell him anyways? He was right? Everything he said was true. 

 Several times she opened her mouth but not a single tone came over her lips. She didn't know what to say. 

 With a determined voice, Mark suddenly said 

 "It's payback time, bitch! You need to learn some respect! You need to learn that it's not always you first!" 

 "And I'm gonna teach you that respect!" he added after a short pause. 

 Vanessa was surprised by this sudden change of mood. What was he talking about? What did he want? 

 "Strip!" 

 A simple but totally unexpected command that hit Vanessa in such an unprepared way that she didn't move at all. 

 "Strip!" Mark repeated with an even louder voice. "You're a whore so I'm gonna use you like one." 

 "Please!" escaped Vanessa's lips. 

 Tears welled up in her eyes when she realized that there was no way back. She had walked down the road too far to turn back now. She had lost Mark. 

 She had her new life. She had money. She had men running after her in the country club. She had everything she ever wanted. You have to take some setbacks on your way. And Mark was hers. But she was young and pretty. She would find someone else -someone with money... 

 She knew that her relationship with Mark was over but not like that. She couldn't get treated like a whore -- not by him. 

 "I'm not telling you another time!" Mark bellowed. 

 Vanessa closed her eyes. Her heart pounded wildly. Every pore of her body strained against it. 

 "You better do what he tells you to -- for your own good!" Stanton skipped in. "It's the only way to solve our problem." 

 She had to do it. She had to bring herself to do it. She couldn't risk losing everything. 

 She couldn't see any mercy in Mark's eyes -- only rage and hatred. 

 When this realization hit her, she finally gave in. 

 Unceremoniously, she opened the buttons of her blouse letting it fall to the floor. Stepping out of her tight skirt, she stood there naked only clad in her black stockings and high heels. 

 Mark stepped up to her and fastened the leather collar with the leash she knew so well to her neck. Taking the leash into his hand, he started walking towards the door. 

 Vanessa didn't move. 

 What was happening now? What did he plan? She wouldn't follow him into the hall, not with the other secretaries still working. 

 "Don't make it any harder for you." Mark reminded her of the desperate situation she was in. 

 She could be kicked onto the street by the firm, she could be kicked out of their apartment by Mark. And she still had to pay back the money. 

 If she didn't want this to happen, she had to obey his every will. He didn't seem in the mood to be gentle with her though. 

 Closing her eyes in defeat, she dropped to her hands and knees. At once, Mark opened the door and stepped outside. Her heart started thumping louder and louder when she crawled into the corridor. The last thing in the world she wanted to happen was the other secretaries witnessing her in such a situation. She had always seen herself standing above them and she had let them feel it. How would they react seeing her in such a position? 

 Her gaze shot up and down the corridor. Every second, she expected one of the doors to open and a secretary to step out. Her heart was beating so loud, she thought everybody must hear it pounding. 

 Further and further down the corridor she had to crawl. She could hear some noises growing louder. As every day, her colleagues were taking a break in the kitchen. Sweat broke out when she realized that they were heading exactly there. 

 Then, they reached the door to the kitchen. Vanessa was trembling from fear by now. Her body was bathed in sweat. Mercilessly, Mark walked on pulling on the leash. 

 She couldn't prevent it. She was forced inside the room with all her co-workers gathered inside. 

 She was burning from shame. In front of her eyes, she saw her whole image as arrogant but pretty bitch shattering to pieces. She had to close her eyes trying to blend out what was happening while she crawled into the kitchen like a dog on a leash. 

 With her eyes tightly shut, she could hear the chatter dying. She could feel all eyes boring into her. She felt hot and cold shudders run up and down her spine. Goose bumps covered her skin while she still sweated profusely. 

 Then, a yank on the leash forced her into a kneeling position and a hard slap hit her face. 

 "Open your eyes!" Mark barked. 

 He had never been rough to her in any way before. Now, her cheek was burning. She wasn't keen on another slap so she forced her eyes open. 

 She looked into the faces of her colleagues. Her eyes roamed from one to the other. Some of them stared at her in disbelief. Others had an evil glow in their eyes as if they had been waiting for this to happen. 

 "It's time to tell your colleagues what your real job is!" Stanton. 

 All of them waited for Vanessa to open her mouth. But she didn't move at all. 

 "Tell'em!" Miller finally barked. 

 "I'm a secretary." Vanessa said quietly. 

 This made all secretaries laugh at her. 

 Meanwhile Mark put his hand under her chin making her look up into his eyes. 

 "Tell'em the truth, bitch!" he hissed with a voice that didn't allow any protest. 

 Vanessa didn't recognize her boyfriend anymore. She'd never expected him to inherit such a mean streak. What was he capable of doing to her? 

 She didn't dare enraging him any further. But she couldn't tell her colleagues what she really had done. She was a lady! 

 Suddenly, Mark's hand went to her clit piercing and pulled on it. The sudden pain shot through her body right to her brain. She let out a yelp. But he only pulled harder until she finally pressed the words out. 

 "I'm the office whore." tears welled up in her eyes. 

 Another pull on her clit ring. 

 "A whore any partner can fuck." 

 The constant pressure on her clit made her wince but Mark only increased the pulling. 

 "A dirty cheap whore anybody can fuck any way he wants!" 

 Slowly, the secretaries were getting their voices back. They couldn't believe what was happening in front of their eyes. This bitch had always treated them as arrogantly as possible. All the time, she had condescended to them. 

 Now, she knelt in front of them bare naked telling them she was a cheap whore. 

 Eventually, all the pent-up wrath and hatred had found a channel to burst out. And Vanessa was about to feel it. 

 "You fucking bitch!" the chief secretary exclaimed. "You thought you're so much better than us! You're just a cheap gutter whore! You're the bottom bitch of all humans!" 

 The chief secretary talked herself in such a rage that she suddenly jumped off her seat and slapped Vanessa in the face with all her might. Vanessa's face flew to the side from the impact. 

 This brought the other secretaries into motion. Every one of them started yelling obscenities at her. A wave of swears hit her. 

 "Hooker trash!", "Nasty slut!", "Dirtwhore!", "Repulsive cunt!" 

 On and on, their curses flooded over Vanessa. All the time, the chief secretary was towering over her. Looking down onto the kneeling slut, she suddenly spat out 

 "You think you stand so high above us, you cunt? You're not even good enough to lick my dirty feet clean." 

 Then, she really spat at her. A large glob of white drool spurted out of her mouth and landed right on her burning red cheek. 

 The impact hit Vanessa like a lightning. It was so abasing! She wanted to sink into the ground. She wanted to hide somewhere she never had to meet her colleagues again. This was the worst degradation she had ever experienced. And now, she was getting spat on by another woman -- by one of the secretaries! 

 For these women, she was no slut they lusted for. A slut they wanted to fuck badly. For them, she was just a cheap repulsive whore. This realization made the embarrassment burn even deeper into her. 

 The chief secretary took the leash off Mark and walked to her backside. With a despising kick against her ass, she caused Vanessa to fall back onto her hands and kness. 

 Out of the blue, the handle of the leash landed on her ass. The whack knocked the wind out of Vanessa almost making her fall to her face. Then, she started paddling Vanessa's ass with the handle turning her butt red in no time. 

 While she gave her backside a hard spanking, the other secretaries didn't stay passive. Not a single one of them wanted to miss the chance of letting their anger out. Finally, they could show this uppity bitch what they thought about her. And their chief secretary had been a good role mode. 

 One of Vanessa's co-worker was the same age as her. She had always envied Vanessa for her beauty and the looks the lawyers threw at her. Now, it was payback time. 

 "Crawl over here, fuck trash!" she ordered. 

 The second Vanessa reached her, she commanded 

 "Open that fucking whore mouth!" 

 Vanessa could well imagine what she had in plan and she didn't like it a bit. But her missing reaction only caused the chief secretary to whack her ass even harder until she eventually opened her mouth wide. 

 With a far-reaching gesture, she leaned over Vanessa's face. She dearly enjoyed the pained look on Vanessa's face in anticipation of the coming. Finally, she spat directly into her open mouth. The white bubbly mass landed right on Vanessa's tongue the impact making her tremble in disgust. 

 "Swallow!" the young secretary barked. 

 With a loud gulp, Vanessa chewed it down. The revulsion turned her face into a contorted mask. 

 "What does a whore say?" her enraged colleague asked. 

 Vanessa knew what she wanted to hear but she had to press out every single word. 

 "Thank you, Miss." 

 It was so degrading to call a simple secretary 'Miss' -- especially one that was her age. But she had a chance to get used to it. 

 Vanessa had to repeat the task with every other secretary. She had to crawl in front of them, open her mouth and stick her tongue out. Then, her colleague would either pleasurably drool a long strand of spit onto her tongue or condescendingly spit right into her mouth. Every time, she had to gulp the vile load down and show her gratitude by saying 

 "Thank you, Miss." 

 All the while, the chief secretary spanked her ass. By now, it was sensitive to the touch. When the last of her co-workers had dumped her spit in her mouth, she stopped paddling her buttocks. Instead, she pressed the handle against her tiny wrinkled asshole and crammed it inside. Used to getting her ass fucked, the rather small handle went in pretty easily. 

 "Yeah, that's definitely a whore ass," the chief secretary commented. "Well travelled and lose!" 

 She shoved the handle in and out of Vanessa's butthole several times before pulling it completely out - only to push it right into her mouth. 

 "Yeah, lick it clean! That's what a ho like you deserves. Filthy ass slime for a filthy whore." 

 All her colleagues laughed about the snide comment while, the chief secretary gave the leash back to Mark. Filing out of the kitchen, each of them gave her a final look of contempt. And then they were gone. 

 Mark stepped up to her and ran a finger through her cunt. 

 "Someone enjoyed it!" he exclaimed. 

 "No!" Vanessa shot out. 

 This wasn't possible! She couldn't be aroused! This had been so humiliating! It had been the worst experience in her whole life! 

 "No!" Vanessa repeated another time. 

 But it sounded more like a weak attempt to convince herself. Her last resistance was broken when Mark lifted his fingers up to her mouth and wiped her moisture off on her lips. She could taste her own juices. 

 She didn't want it to be true. This was unbelievable. A part of her life had just broken down. She was marked as a whore with her colleagues forever! And she was getting aroused by it? Please, not! 

 "I liked your chief secretary!" Mark remarked to Stanton. "She knows how to punish a lying bitch." 

 Turning his attention back to Vanessa, he exclaimed 

 "You don't wanna be my girlfriend? You wanna be a whore? Act like one! Use your hooker holes to get'em off!" 

 Vanessa looked into his eyes. The mean glint in it told her that he meant every word. Turning her gaze to the rest of the guys, she could see that each of them had quickly sat down on a chair. They were rubbing their crotches in anticipation. 

 There was no resistance left in her. She had lost Mark. She had lost her image towards her colleagues. She couldn't change it anymore. All she could do was to convince Stanton and his partners to keep her as their slut. She would work for them wherever they told her to, she would do whatever they wanted her to -- as long as she could keep up her country club life. 

 She crawled over to Erickson putting on her naughtiest smile. Reaching his legs, she opened his zipper. In her fine manicured hands, his dick quickly got rigid. When it stood proudly up, she shoved it deep into her mouth completely covering it with saliva at once. 

 The next thing she knew was pain shooting up her spine. 

 "Aaargh!" she yelled out looking back over her shoulder. 

 Mark stood behind her giving her hard whacks with the leash on her raw buttocks. But he was far stronger than the chief secretary! 

 Immediately, Vanessa held her hands protectively in front of her ass cheeks to save them from further lashes. Her ass was so sensitive and gnawing she couldn't take more abuse on it. 

 "Please, not my ass. No more, please!" she begged in between whimpers. 

 "You're gonna feel this leash on any body part you hold out to me, hooker trash!" he responded. 

 Vanessa reacted at once. Hastily, she crumbled onto her feet and turned around. Presenting her backside to Erickson, she grabbed his cock. Keeping it steady, she lowered herself onto it until it hit her pussy. After the hard spanking and the degrading spit shower, her cunt was dry as a bone. 

 Another lash hit her. This time, it firmly landed on the inside of her right thigh. 

 "Aaargh!" Vanessa screamed again. This pain was just as worse. 

 Her legs quivered from the stinging bite. She had to get the cock inside. She had to make Erickson cum as fast as possible. From her deep throating, his shaft was well-coated with drool so she simply dropped her body down. Her poor pussy popped open and her own body weight pushed the hard tool deep inside her hot hole. 

 The deep impact pressed all air out of her lungs making her yelp. And another lash hit the inside of her left thigh. 

 "Aaargh!" Vanessa screamed again. 

 Instantly, her hands wanted to cover her thighs but she forced herself up instead and let her body fall down again. With a loud splashy sound, her bottom clashed against Erickson's crotch. The next second, she pushed herself back up starting to wildly buck on his dick. 

 This time, no whack slapped her thighs. Instead, she heard Mark barking at her 

 "Present those fat fucking tits to me, nasty cunt! I always loved playing with these plump funbags. I'm gonna spank'em till you got these guys off!" 

 "Please!" Vanessa whimpered again while riding Erickson as fast as possible. 

 Another time, the leash bit into her inner thigh. The pain instantly caused her hands to rush to her luscious juggs. With each hand, she cupped the lower side of her big globes. From the outer sides, her thumbs pressed them together making them bulge out. This way, her udders were presented for their punishment even more invitingly. 

 Her dark red coloured nails starkly contrasted with the creamy skin of her tits. But Vanessa was only too aware that soon her delicious melons would wear the same colour. 

 "After every lash, you're gonna thank me for showing you what a cheap whore you are. And you're gonna ask me to spank your tits some more." Mark ordered. 

 Vanessa only nodded while she rammed her poor pussy back down onto Erickson's cock. She was giving his dick a prime workout humping him as forcefully as possible. 

 But right now, her entire concentration was focused onto the leash in Mark's hand. She wanted to cover her helpless tits with her hands. She watched how Mark spun the leash in the air teasing her. 

 Every pore of her body anticipated the whack. It was so hard to keep her hands in place cupping her juggs. The anticipation of the pain seemed even worse than the pain itself. 

 Then the leash shot down and bit into her soft skin. The pain immediately exploded in her bust. Her tits felt like they were ripped off her body. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!" Vanessa whaled as much from the fear as the pain itself. 

 Another lash striped her thighs. At once, the pain in her breasts was forgotten. The sting in her sensitive thighs was far worse. 

 "I didn't hear a word?" Mark said putting his hand to his ear. 

 "Thank you, Sir, for showing me what a cheap whore I am." Vanessa said flatly shame burning on her cheeks. "Please, go on spanking my whore tits." 

 The last word had just come over her lips when the next spank striped her tits. She winced anew but immediately thanked Mark and asked for another lash. 

 By now, she furiously rode Erickson. He had to hold her hips to keep her steady. It only took two more smacks on her luscious tits until Erickson's cock erupted. Spurt after spurt of his cum pumped deep into her womb. The load was so big that her pussy got flooded. When he pulled his tool out, her snatch gaped open and sticky jizz dripped out. 

 Quickly, Vanessa got up and walked over to Stanton. There was only one thought in her mind. She had to get Stanton off fast. 

 While she positioned herself over Stanton's waiting erect dick, she gathered some spunk on her fingers and pushed it into her asshole to lubricate it. It was all she had so it had to be enough. Holding his shaft, she lowered herself down. Pressing the cock against her tiny asshole, it didn't slide in easily. Her ass was too tight. 

 She relaxed her anal muscle as best as she could. Gulping down, she braced herself before letting her body drop. The sudden pressure on her poor asshole was immense. Her body weight was too much for her sphincter to fight though. Giving in it popped open. Vanessa gritted her teeth and let out a grunt. Her unprepared asshole had been ripped open and felt like it had been torn to pieces. 

 The leash landing on her glowing tits brought Vanessa back to attention. 

 "Thank you, Sir, for showing me what a cheap whore I am." Vanessa begged through tears. "Please, go on spanking my whore tits." 

 She didn't let her poor ass get used to the massive tool but began pumping her hips up and down Stanton's shaft. Her asshole tightly hugged his straining member. Over and over, she rammed her hips down as forcefully as she could. Her anal ring protested but got stretched ever further. 

 All the while, Mark continued slapping her tits with the leash. By now, it had become natural for Vanessa to thank him and ask for more. Her apprehension had been right. Her ripe full melons were raw and glowing dark red -- just the same crimson colour as her fingernails. 

 The single whacks didn't feel as biting anymore. Instead, each blow added to the glowing in her chest. This fire gnawed at her but also ignited an arousing warmth that spread from her tits all over her body. 

 Vanessa was flushed with sweat from bucking so wildly on Stanton's cock. He hadn't cum yet. Although she was giving her poor sphincter and tight ass chute a wrecking workout, he held out longer than Vanessa had expected. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 09 ****** byCathartico© As Miller had been watching the show all the time, he couldn't wait any longer. His balls felt like exploding any second. He walked up to Vanessa, grabbed the back of her head and jammed his straining cock down her throat in one motion. He didn't stop pushing her head down until his balls hit against her chin. 

 Vanessa violently gagged from the sudden attack on her throat muscles. Slobber exploded from her mouth. Unimpressed, Miller went on pushing her head up and down while holding his shaft still. He used her soft wet mouth like a glove to jack himself off. 

 After every slap with the leash, he pushed her mouth off his dick and let her thank Mark. Then he simply shoved her mouth back down not caring for the coughs and dry retches she made. 

 Vanessa lost track of everything happening to her. There were just too many sensations at the same time - her tits getting striped, her quivering poor ass getting stretched, her skull getting fucked. Her body was on fire -- burning but also warming her. 

 Suddenly, Mark stopped spanking her fiery red tits and Miller pushed her head off his dick making her look at her former boyfriend. 

 "Are you ready for the final blow, ho?" he asked with a grim expression. "Your nipples are about to experience the leash!" 

 Fear crept up inside of Vanessa. Everything but her tender soft nipples! Her tits were gnawing from the spanking and she knew it would be far worse for her nipples. 

 "Look at me, cunt!" he barked. "You shall see what's coming at ya!" 

 Vanessa's eyes were wide in terror. Her entire body was trembling while she unconsciously kept on humping Stanton's cock. She had to force herself to keep holding her juggs out to him. 

 There it was again, the anticipation of the coming, the fear of the expected pain. It was tormenting her mind. 

 Then, she saw Mark taking a swing. She could feel the agony. Her body twitched. But he didn't hit her. Out of the blue, he stopped in his tracks. 

 Laughing at her uncontrolled jerk, he remarked 

 "Don't you wanna ask me something?" 

 Vanessa's fear had only increased. She wanted it to be over. She wanted to bring it behind herself. 

 "Please, Sir, spank my whorish nipples!" she screamed. 

 The blow hit her even before she had finished her sentence. The leash went square over her funbags striking both nipples simultaneously. 

 And it was pure relief. Vanessa whaled in agony. But finally, she was freed from the terror of fear and she was glad for this deliverance. 

 And then she came -- violently did she cum. The orgasm hit her totally unexpected with such a force that all her holes clamped down tightly. Her body trembled again -- this time shaken by the pleasure surging through it. 

 The additional pressure set Stanton off. His cock shot streams of goo into her ass chute until her bowels were filled to the rim. Meanwhile, Miller jammed his cock down her throat. Vanessa's contracting throat muscles squeezed him tightly causing his dick to burst. 

 Vanessa couldn't believe it. She was riding an intense wave of delight. But where did it come from? How could she cum from getting her tits spanked? Did she need pain? Did she need humiliation to climb these heights of ecstasy? 

 Mark didn't give her time to calm down or even ponder her body's reaction. He yanked on the leash harshly making her stumble off Stanton's lap. 

 "Such a dirty fuckbitch belongs to a dirty place!" he remarked sarcastically while leading her into the office restroom. 

 "No, please, it's so filthy!" Vanessa begged fearing the worst. 

 "Not as filthy as you are!" he simply responded not stopping in his tracks. 

 "Put your whore face down onto the dirty ground where it belongs and spread your ass!" he bellowed his next order at her when they had entered. 

 When she didn't react, he slapped her sore ass making her yelp. 

 "Do it, fuckpig!" 

 Vanessa was a sight to behold kneeling face down in the restroom. Her ass was glowing bright red and her raw tits were pressed onto the tiled floor with her mounds of dark red flesh jutting out at the sides. Her nicely burgundy manicured fingers spread her ass cheeks revealing her used jagged anal star that gaped slightly open. 

 After stepping out of his shoes and jeans, Mark didn't waste any time. He stepped behind her and crammed his straining cock directly into her worn out asshole. He started fucking her ass furiously drilling his dick repeatedly through her anal ring while holding onto the back of her collar for leverage. 

 At once, Vanessa was reminded of the ass spanking. Every time, he slammed his dick up her ass, his body would land against her gnawingly raw ass while her sore tits rubbed over the tiled floor. Her ass cheeks were on fire and her boobs felt like getting burnt off her chest. Her winces mixed with her grunts as she felt getting aroused all over again. 

 Then, she felt a pressure on her face pressing her flat onto the ground. Mark had pulled his leg forward and now stepped onto her face while he relentlessly pumped her asshole from behind. 

 "That's your position gutter whore," he remarked "underneath my dirty feet!" 

 Vanessa burned from embarrassment. What a degrading position. 

 Mark kept thrusting his cock in and out of her asshole while keeping his foot on her head for the next minutes until suddenly a new command shot out of his mouth. 

 "Lick my dirty feet clean!" 

 He stepped off her head and placed his foot in front of her face. Then he asked the lawyers 

 "Would you give me a helping hand with this hooker trash?" 

 Immediately, Erickson stepped up to her and put his shoe-clad foot onto her head. He didn't press down hard instead rubbing the dirty shoe sole over her cheek. 

 "I can feel no tongue, fuckwhore!" Mark harshly reminded Vanessa of her task. 

 Vanessa opened her mouth and pushed her tongue out until the tip of it touched his big toe. 

 "Suck on it, cunt!" Mark ordered gripping her glowing buttocks tightly. 

 Obediently, she took his big toe into her mouth and started sucking on it coating it with saliva. All the while, Erickson's shoe pressed her face down onto the tiled floor. 

 Her eyes wandering up, she suddenly saw herself in the mirrors. What a degrading sight she displayed! Getting fucked up the ass like a dogbitch while getting stepped onto her head and sucking a dirty toe! 

 Shame burned into her and she knew that she would never forget this image in her entire life. 

 Mark continued wrecking her ass for another ten minutes while she had to suck on every of his toes. In the end, she had to lick all along the dirty sole of his foot with her soft tongue. 

 All the while, Vanessa couldn't tear her eyes away from the perverted image of herself in the mirror. She thought the redness of shame on her face would never go away again. At the same time, the picture was so depraved that it turned her on. 

 Finally, Mark was satisfied with her cleaning efforts and pulled his foot away. Pushing his dick out of her asshole with a slurping sound, he spit a couple of times in her crack and smeared the saliva around her worn out dirthole. 

 Then, he started fingering her ass. First, he pushed one finger through her loosened sphincter inserting it all the way. Then he added a second finger and a third one. Although her ass was well used, his fourth finger stretched her asshole pretty wide. 

 He pushed in and out of her ass with hard thrusts in fast speed making Vanessa grunt from the force. 

 Mark started making fun of the grunting bitch kneeling on the dirty ground of the restroom. He jammed his four fingers inside with all power. But he did so in irregular intervals to contradict her anticipation and take her by surprise. 

 With every unexpected thrust, her bottom wildly writhed on the ground and she grunted out loud. Her uncontrolled jerks made the guys laugh at her. 

 Then, he pulled his fingers completely out. Spreading her cheeks wide, he showed the winking red gape to the lawyers. 

 "If that ain't no crater!" Miller remarked. 

 Only a second later, this crater was filled again. Mark began twisting his fingers in her asshole in an attempt to plant his whole hand inside her poor ass. 

 Vanessa wanted to scream, wanted to beg him to stop but she knew he wasn't going to stop anyways. Instead, she was letting out a continuous loud groan. 

 Mark added even more pressure pushing harder and harder until finally Vanessa's anal ring gave in and stretched wide. Her asshole felt like getting ripped open again. With another hard push, Mark's fist finally sunk into her ass. 

 His hand passing through her anal orifice caused excruciating pain. She couldn't believe it. An entire first was up her asshole! Now, her sphincter definitely must have been torn to shreds she thought to herself 

 Her groans turned into whales. Only then, Mark pulled on her clit ring with his free hand and twisted it around. Suddenly pleasure was back. 

 She felt so full. Her poor rectum was over-stuffed. But her clit pulsated so sweetly. Her screams turned back to groans -- only louder. 

 Mark began probing around in her ass with his fist. Every time she felt his hand hitting against her thin rectal walls, a delightful stroke jerked through her body. The arousal was increasing and the delight spread all over her body. 

 It didn't take much more. She was close to cumming. She could almost feel the first precursors of her orgasm. 

 Then, Mark swiftly tore his first from her asshole. Vanessa screamed and whaled in pain her ass jerking uncontrolled. But in between the shrieks, there were also some moans. Somehow, she wanted her ass to be filled back up. 

 Mark laughed at her. "What's the matter, whore? Can't handle a fist up that bitchy little ass?" And he laughed at her again. 

 Then, he plunged his fist back in. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh! ... Ooohhh! ... Aaahhhh!" Vanessa answered with grunting sounds. 

 Mark started fucking his fist in and out of her asshole. Her anal ring opened and closed repeatedly in attempts to accommodate his fist. Several times, he pulled completely out leaving a giant gaping hole. He spit deep inside the wide-open tunnel before he rammed his fist back in shutting her asshole back up. 

 He plowed through her sphincter until his fist went in and out smoothly and her anal ring was totally loose. Vanessa couldn't stop groaning. Her bottom wriggled ever faster around Mark's fist. 

 Then, it hit her. 

 She could only scream. An earth shattering orgasm surged through her. It rocked her entire body. A blistering wave of delight rushed up her spine. To Vanessa it seemed like lasting forever before it slowly began subsiding. 

 When she finally came back to earth, Mark pulled his fist from her ass. A nasty slurping sound commented the state of her asshole. She could feel the cold air breezing through the gaping crater. 

 Mark took hold of her head and forced her to look back into the mirror. 

 "Look at your ass, fuck-ho!" he bellowed. "That's the look of a whore ass - - used and stretched!" 

 Vanessa couldn't believe what her eyes were seeing. Her ass cheeks cleft far apart and her anal opening was split wide open. Her anal ring tried to close but to no avail, her asshole was too stretched out. The raw edge encircling the black tunnel laughed at her like a huge mouth. 

 Mark walked up to her front and told her to get up onto her hands and knees. Then he suddenly turned around and presented his ass to her. 

 "Lick my dirty ass, whore!" he ordered. 

 Vanessa didn't react. She was so exhausted she could barely keep herself up anymore. Nevertheless, the sheer perversion of the act thrilled her. She had done it before. Erickson wouldn't like her to see her resisting this nasty act. And she needed to show them that she was still a good slut. She was still their perfect fuckslut! 

 "I wanna see you making a meal out of it, whore!" Mark hissed. 

 Vanessa didn't need another request, she grabbed Mark's butt with her hands spreading it open. Sticking her tongue out, she drove her face between his hairy cheeks. Tentatively, she licked the crack above Mark's butthole. 

 "I wanna feel that tongue deep in my smelly hole, you fucking ho!" Mark growled at her. 

 She dug her tongue into Mark's brown hole. The foul taste filled her senses but the vileness of the act consumed her. Her tongue probed and pushed and licked on the puckered smelly hole. Not satisfied she spread Mark's cheeks as far apart as possible to open his asshole a little. Then she stuck her tongue as deep into his hole as it would go. 

 Mark started moaning. Vanessa's anal licking drove him nuts. With a load groan, he turned around and aimed his erupting cock at Vanessa's open mouth. 

 "Take my spunk, ass licking ho!" he screamed. 

 His cum shot at her with such a force that it splashed all over her face and across her nose. 

 His balls weren't empty by far though. Suddenly, he had a new idea. Aiming a little higher, he held her right eyelid open with his free hand and shot a massive white missile of goo right into her eye. 

 Vanessa squealed and grunted in pain as the salty sperm burned in her eye. Her hands flew up to rub her eyes trying in vain to ease the stinging pain. And at the same moment, she came one more time. Shorter this time but even more surprisingly. 

 "My little farewell present to the fuck-ho!" Mark hissed. 

 "What does a whore say?" Stanton asked from behind. 

 Blinking her eyes, Vanessa tried looking up at Mark. Her right eye was fiercely shut but she could see his face - a harsh mask. 

 It was all just too much for her and finally, she gave completely in to her new life -- whatever it would look like. With a quivering voice she said 

 "Thank you, Sir." 

 To be continued... 

 Vanessa finds out what her new job will be. But will she like it? 

 *** Give me some comments and ideas if you want to read more. *** Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 10 ****** byCathartico© Four men were standing in a circle taking a smoke and having a chat. 

 At first sight, nothing seemed unusual about it. But there were two things attracting interest. The guys were standing in the toilet of a law-office and a ravishing redhead with a supermodel face, inviting curves and juicy double Ds knelt in their middle. A leash was attached to a dog collar around her neck. Her face was glistening from spunk and spit and her exposed tits were glowing fiery red. 

 After finishing his cig, Miller simply dropped the stub next to Vanessa as if she wasn't even there and went for a piss to one of the urinals. Meanwhile, Stanton told her former boyfriend Mark 

 "Take out the trash!" 

 Mark reacted by taking the leash and firmly yanking on it. 

 "Time to get your whore ass home, cunt!" he declared. 

 When Vanessa realized that she was meant with the word 'trash', her body trembled from embarrassment. 

 Mark only gave her a few moments to pull her blouse back over her raw tits and the skirt back down over her sore bottom before he started walking out of the toilet. 

 "See you soon, fuckslut!" Erickson waved goodbye while Vanessa submissively followed her former boyfriend. 

 Her head was in turmoil. Her thoughts were running wild. She knew that she couldn't work as office slut anymore. Now that the press was all over the 'hotel incident' and all secretaries knew about her real job, the risk for the law-firm was too big. 

 Another thing troubling her was the money they had paid Mark to keep quiet. She knew too well that she had to work off that money. 

 But how? And where? And what did she have to do? 

 She was pretty certain that it wouldn't be better than her office job - - although 'office job' was a slight exaggeration. Her duty had been to please the lawyers with her holes -- to take their minds off their hard work any way they wanted to. 

 Somehow, she hoped her new duty wouldn't be that different. She knew that she needed the attention and lust from men. The astonishment and pleasure she caused by acting all nasty and slutty. 

 But she was also dead sure about another thing. She wouldn't work as a cheap hooker for them! She wouldn't be a common street walker! She was a high-class slut that needed to get fucked hard and rough. 

 The memories of her experiences with Trey in the seedy bar flashed in front of her eyes and a shudder of disgust shook her. She never wanted to feel so worthless ever again. She never wanted to be treated lower than a little worm again. She was the perfect slut not an ordinary $10 hooker. 

 While Vanessa pondered all these questions, Mark took her to his car. 

 All the time during the drive, Mark shook his head in disbelief. The show he had just experienced -- and been a part of -- replayed inside his head. 

 "What a whore you are!" he finally exclaimed. 

 "I can't believe what a nasty depraved fuckpig you are." he repeated looking at Vanessa. "You didn't even let me tap that snobby ass of yours. And now I see you as the lowliest dirtwhore ever!" 

 "Why did you never show me that side of yours?" he asked. "We could have had so much fun!" 

 "Now, I'm gonna have lots of fun with ya!" he added after a short pause. 

 "What will happen now?" Vanessa anxiously asked. 

 But Mark only laughed into her face remarking 

 "You'll see, you'll see." 

 "At least, your greed turns out great for me." he went on when he saw the question marks in Vanessa's eyes. "Now I'm a rich men and the best thing about it is that you have to work your ass off for it!" 

 "Your fucking antics and arrogant attitude got on my tits so bad. All this ditzy behaviour" he continued giving his best imitation of a ditzy chick, "was so fucking annoying. Now, I can treat you just as you are -- a rotten dirty whore." 

 "Following you to the hotel was the best thing I ever did!" he continued his tirade. "Now, your sluttiness got me a great job. I simply gotta watch out that you don't do anything stupid and make sure you get to work every day." 

 "And I can fuck you any time any way I like!" he added looking at her with lust filled eyes. 

 His words confused Vanessa. Somehow, he seemed to like the slut he had just discovered. His words made her nervous but also excited her. She didn't dare asking him where he should take her every day though. She would find out soon anyway. 

 The next day, Mark had some plans with Vanessa. 

 "Time to start the fun!" he told her. "Let's show the world what a whore you are!" 

 He made Vanessa dress in the skimpiest clothes she had. She had to wear a white blouse that was so low cut that her boobs almost fell out of it. As a skirt, she had to put on a tiny jeans mini skirt that barely covered her ass cheeks. As shoes, she wore knee high white leather boots with 7" stiletto heels. Of course, she wasn't allowed to put on any bra or thong. 

 All in all, the entire outfit screamed the word 'slut'. 

 Mark took her to a small grocery store making Vanessa wonder what he had in store for her. All she knew was that she had anyone's full attention. It didn't happen too often that a beautiful young woman dressed in the skimpiest slut wear walked through such a small store. 

 Entering the shop, the two walked side by side through the lanes. As it was pretty early in the morning, the store wasn't very crowded. 

 They were walking down the lanes doing their shopping when Vanessa suddenly felt a hand on her butt. Mark was running his fingers over her ass cheeks eventually pinching her right buttock. 

 Throwing a look over her shoulder, she could see a man behind them in the same lane. He was standing at the shelf but looked straight at her delicious ass. It was a middle-aged guy with greasy blond hair that was already getting thin and glasses on his nose. He wore clothes that were out of fashion for at least two decades giving the impression of a nerd that was still living with his mom. 

 On first impulse, she wanted to slap Mark's hand away. But she stopped at the last second knowing the consequences. 

 When the guy passed them, Mark suddenly asked her with a syrupy voice 

 "Darling, would you please bow down and get that can of soup, please?" 

 Of course, the soup was standing on the lowest shelf and Vanessa knew too well that he wanted her to bend down with her knees straight. 

 Hesitating shortly, she did as she was told. She didn't want to cause a scene in the store. It was close to their home so the chance of meeting some neighbour was pretty high. So she figured it was best to play along with Mark's little games. 

 Bending over, she felt the mini skirt riding up her buttocks. It was so short that the fabric completely rose over the curve of her ass. Now, her creamy soft ass cheeks were totally exposed to the view. 

 Her heart started beating faster. Mark was showing her off like a cheap slut! He was teasing her mercilessly! 

 Glancing over her shoulder, she could see the blond guy staring directly at her exposed buttocks from close distance. He got a great view of her puffy cunt lips peeking out between her legs. At once, she blushed deeply and hurried to get the can. 

 Pushing herself back up, she angrily looked at Mark but he only laughed at her. 

 The next time a guy passed them, he repeated his question and once again Vanessa bent down showing her bare bottom to another unknown man. Again she blushed deeply but also felt her pussy getting wetter and wetter. 

 Her body reacted to Mark's ruthless treatment. Getting paraded around like an easy slut in open daylight had such an arousing effect on her. 

 In the next lane, Mark and Vanessa were alone. Reaching the end of the lane, Vanessa was suddenly pushed forward. From the sudden force, she had to grip the shelf to keep herself steady. 

 She wanted to yell at Mark as this was clearly going too far. But the second she opened her mouth, she suddenly felt something hard getting pressed against her pussy! At first, she thought he tried plunging his cock inside her cunt but then Mark held the object in front of her face. 

 It was a cucumber! The obvious cucumber Vanessa thought. 

 "Lick it!" Mark ordered still pushing her against the shelf. 

 "Please!" Vanessa tried begging. 

 "You're cunt is already dripping so don't tell me you don't want it stuffed, fuckslut!" he interrupted her. 

 And he was right. Mark was treating her just as she needed it -- like a cheap nasty slut. He was showing her off as an easy fuckslut and she was enjoying it. Still, the thought of being paraded around like a filthy whore in public was frightening to her! It made her nervous as hell but also extremely excited. 

 Vanessa knew that she didn't stand a chance -- not against Mark and not against her own body. Giving in, she opened her mouth. Instantly, Mark pushed the cucumber in and out of her mouth until it was glistening wetly. 

 Then he put it back at the entrance of her pussy. 

 "Work that dirty cunt, whore!" he ordered loud enough for others to hear. 

 Even before the words had registered in Vanessa's mind, her body had already reacted. Arching her back, she pushed her ass back. With her cunt dripping with her own juices, it slid in easily. 

 A slap on her right ass cheek, told her to work her cunt on the cucumber and Vanessa obliged. She began pushing her pussy up and down the large vegetable while gyrating her hips in rhythm. 

 All the time, she looked over her shoulder to see what was going on in the lane behind her. Fear crept up inside of her. She didn't want to get caught for obscene behaviour and get thrown out of the store. 

 At the same time, ecstatic sensations were radiating from her cunt through her body. She couldn't stop herself anymore whatever might happen. She would be embarrassed beyond belief if she got caught! But this imminent danger was such a sweet torture! 

 "We won't leave before you've cum!" Mark encouraged her and Vanessa started working her hips even faster. 

 She started panting from the effort. Then she saw the nerdy blond guy turning the corner of the lane. He was slowly walking down the lane coming closer and closer! 

 Instantly, Vanessa blushed deeply red. She started pushing her pussy up and down the cucumber in frantic speed. She wanted to run away but instead she was frozen to the ground. Only her hips were working in overtime. 

 All the while, she looked directly into the eyes of the unknown man. The glint in his eyes told her that he could see everything going on. And this only turned her on even more. 

 Several feet away, he came to a halt. Pretending to search the shelf, he kept on looking at Vanessa until Mark's voice interrupted the silence. 

 "Do you wanna stick your finger up that slutty ass?" he asked the guy shocking Vanessa to the bone. 

 Before she could react in any way though, she felt a finger pressing against her puckered backdoor. And exactly that made her cum. 

 When the orgasm hit her, she couldn't keep quiet and moaned her pleasure out. The entire time, she was afraid of anyone hearing the lewd noise but there was nothing she could do to stop it. 

 When her orgasm had finally subsided, she got a new instruction from Mark. 

 "Thank this nice man for his help!" he ordered. 

 Looking down onto the ground to hide her dark red face, Vanessa said with a small voice 

 "Thank you Sir for making this dirty slut cum!" 

 This caused a big smile to spread over the face of the unknown man before he slowly walked away. 

 Of course, the cucumber remained in Vanessa's pussy till the end of their shopping. Finally, they were standing at the checkout ready to get out of the grocery store. All the time, Vanessa had been afraid about Mark's next move. But nothing had happened anymore. 

 At the checkout, everything went well until Mark suddenly told the checker 

 "Sorry, I think you forgot a cucumber!" 

 Counting the three cucumbers lying on the line, he answered. 

 "No, I got all three." 

 "Oh, we got a forth one." Mark responded looking at Vanessa. 

 She could read in his eyes what he wanted her to do. She couldn't believe it. She was too stunned to move a single bone. She couldn't bring herself to do it. 

 She felt like she was dying of embarrassment right there and then. Her face had turned the deepest shade of red. 

 Looking around, she saw a young woman approaching the checkout. Before she arrived, Vanessa quickly pushed her skirt up and showed the cucumber sticking out of her pussy to the checker. 

 The checker looked at her and then at Mark. He got red himself before he hastily tipped in the price for another cucumber. 

 Finally, they were out of the grocery store and Vanessa knew that she would never set another food into it. She had never felt so ashamed before. She could never step in front of that checker ever again. 

 But she had never been so excited neither. Finally, Mark was treating her the way she needed it. 

 At their car, Mark instructed Vanessa to bend over the engine hood. By now, Vanessa obliged without hesitation although nervousness started boiling up inside her body one more time. 

 Their car was standing at one end of the parking lot. Several cars were occupying the place but all in all it was pretty quiet. Several hedges had been planted to embellish the lot. This way, their car couldn't be seen in full detail from the store. 

 Still, Vanessa blushed again when she bent over the hood from the side of the car. Once again, the short mini skirt rose up totally exposing her ass. Her shiny white stiletto boots were glaringly glistening in the sun acting like a noticeable warning sign. 

 Vanessa was dead certain that someone from the store must see her standing there in bright daylight exposing her ass. The flashy white boots were just too eye-catching. 

 Her entire body was shaking from tension and anxiety. It felt like a hundred butterflies were going wild inside her stomach. 

 "Spread that dirty cunt, fuckslut!" Mark ordered. 

 Vanessa reached back with her hands. Now, her upper body and luscious big tits fully rested on the hood. With each index finger, she grabbed one of her silver cunt rings and spread them apart. 

 The cucumber was sticking out of her juicy cunt like a rocket. Mark let her stay there in open daylight for several minutes simply enjoying the sight of her delicious stuffed pussy. 

 He teased her to the fullest now. Any second some car could drive into the parking lot or some shoppers could walk out of the store and discover Vanessa. She started shaking from nervousness while her juices were running along the cucumber and slowly dripping onto the ground. 

 Finally, Mark pulled the cucumber out of her pussy leaving her fuckhole gaping open. Putting it at her mouth, he made her clean her entire juices off. Then he leaned forward and hissed into her ear. 

 "So you're a little tease, aren't you?" he asked Vanessa. 

 She only mumbled a 'yes' while still sucking the cucumber. 

 "You love showing your goods off to men, don't you?" Mark continued. 

 One more time, Vanessa murmured her consent with her mouth filled. 

 "Time to put your holes on the line for it, little whore!" 

 With these words, he gripped her neck, dragged her to the side and threw her face first onto the passenger seat. 

 Vanessa landed with her knees on the seat. With her head down, her ass stuck up invitingly. Her gaping cunt looked like screaming for something to be plugged with. 

 Mark didn't leave that fuckhole unfilled for long though. He only needed a few seconds to pull out his already hard dick and shove it right inside to the hilt. 

 Vanessa yelped from the sudden hard intrusion but her body welcomed the cock. Mark grabbed her arms pulling them back. This way, Vanessa's back was arched and she was totally in his control. 

 He began pushing her body back on her arms while pumping his cock forward at the same time. His cock drilled deep into her snatch with full force. With every thrust, his cock impacted noisily with her buttocks while her fat tits jiggled wildly. 

 Mark was riding her hard and wild driving his cock in and out of her cunt in rapid speed. The sensations radiating from Vanessa's snatch were too much and she started moaning loudly. 

 Out of the blue, she suddenly heard a voice. 

 "Yeah, that's what the bitch needs! What a dirty slut!" 

 Looking over her shoulder, a jolt of excitement exploded in her loins. The blond middle-aged nerd stood next to Mark watching her getting fucked. Her moans turned into uncontrolled grunts. 

 This was so perverse! She felt so humiliated! But it was such a sweet degradation that she wished for it to never stop. It flushed her body with so much pleasure, she couldn't believe it. 

 Moments later, Mark pushed her around making her sit on the seat. Just in time before his cock exploded spraying her face with sticky white cum. When he had finished, her face was covered with gooey jizz that dripped down her chin. 

 "Show him what you're good for, bitch!" Mark instructed her while stepping to the side and giving way to the blond guy. 

 The nerdy man took his chance and swiftly grabbed her arm pulling her out of the car. Then he led her to the back of the vehicle. 

 Before Vanessa realised what was happening, he had positioned her over the trailer hitch. All she could see was that she now looked right back to the store. Only the guy's body blocked the view. 

 "C'mon slut, ride that towbar with your filthy cunt!" he told her. 

 Not waiting for her reaction, he started adding pressure onto her shoulders making her knees buckle. 

 Vanessa was crouching down if she wanted to or not. Finally, the hard steel hit against her smooth cunt. She yelped out from the sudden coldness. But still, the guy kept on pushing her down. 

 The knot of the trailer hitch was pretty big. Although her pussy was well used by now, it resisted. But this resistance only lasted a few seconds before the knot plopped into her fuckhole. 

 Again, Vanessa let out a grunt from the sudden stuffing her cunt received. 

 "Ride it!" the blond nerd ordered impatiently. 

 Vanessa couldn't believe it. Here she was in a public parking lot in front of a grocery store with cum covering her face riding the towbar of a car for the pleasure of an unknown guy. And this guy looked like he would never score with a girl on his own -- especially not with a woman as pretty as herself. 

 This whole scenario turned her on incredibly. She truly was a slut -- a dirty filthy fuckslut that loved getting used by men. More and more, she got the impression that her body didn't care about the men that used her as long as they manhandled her as crude and ruthless as possible. 

 But still, her lady-ego couldn't accept this fact. Ever more, these two sides of herself seemed to be totally separated. 

 Watching her hump the trailer hitch, the guy pulled his dick out and held it in front of Vanessa's face. 

 She didn't need another order. She wanted to be a filthy slut right now -- the nerd's filthy slut. 

 "Please Sir, give the fuckslut some lube so she can suck your dick properly." she asked him opening her mouth wide. 

 At once, the guy reacted spitting a big white glob of drool right into her mouth. Only for a tiny second, Vanessa twitched from disgust as she felt the gross spit hitting her tongue. The next second, her slut-self had taking over again. 

 Next, she lunged forward gulping down the nerd's hard shaft. She wasn't able to completely bury it inside her mouth at the first try. But working the cock in and out of her hungry mouth several times, she eventually had the entire length deeply planted inside her throat. 

 By now, Vanessa had reached full slut-mode. She felt so nasty performing this perverted act in public and it was even naughtier to pleasure a guy that looked like he only got a girl if he paid her. 

 She reached around his hips gripping each of his buttocks with her hands. Then she pushed him forward burying even more of his raging hard-on in her gullet. She started sliding up and down his cock in fast speed. She worked his dick like crazy grunting like a wild beast. Spit and slobber splattered out of her mouth coating the entire length of his shaft. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 10 ****** byCathartico© Meanwhile, she pushed her index finger inside his butthole making him groan. When she pushed the cock out of her mouth, she looked up at him. Her entire mouth was smeared with her own drool. 

 With a naughty glint in her eyes, she stuck the finger fresh from his ass into her mouth. Groaning loudly, she munched on it like a cat licking milk. Then she gathered the sticky white revolting slobber off his dick and fed it to her self. Opening her mouth wide, she showed the white slime to the guy before she gulped it down. 

 She could see the guy's eyes growing wide from amazement. He definitely had never seen a slut as depraved. 

 With a sudden move, he surprised her. Abruptly, he dragged her up. With a plop, the knot of the towbar was ripped out of her cunt making Vanessa yelp. 

 At once, air rushed into her pussy and her snatch whined to be filled again. Instead, the nerdy man pulled her around and pushed her down onto the trunk. 

 "Fuck me! Fill me up!" Vanessa urged him on letting him manhandle her. 

 Right now, she needed to be treated as rough as possible. 

 "Aaargh!" she shrieked out a second later. 

 He had done as she had encouraged him and filled her hole. But not the one she had expected. In one swift motion, he had put his hard cock against her tight little asshole and drilled it inside. 

 Although his cock had been slippery from her slobber, her totally unprepared asshole tried resisting the sudden intrusion at first. The power of the thrust didn't give her sphincter a chance though. 

 Now, he was reaming through her poor anal ring that still tried to accommodate the big tool ravishing it. 

 In her aroused and slutty state, Vanessa welcomed the pain radiating from her ass and mixing with the pleasure sweeping through her body though. 

 "Aaahhh...! Ooohhh...! Aaargh!" she screamed and grunted. "Fuck my ass! Punish me for being such a depraved slut! Wreck my slutty ass good!" 

 "Oh, now you made that old couple look over here! Guess, they heard you. What they might think about such a cheap filthy slut?" Mark commented. 

 Looking to the side, Vanessa saw an elder couple in some distance and they were looking right at her. 

 And at that moment she came. The orgasm hit her hard and washed over her for several moments. 

 All the while, the nerdy guy kept on ramming his cock into her little asshole. With every orgiastic wave rushing though Vanessa's body, her asshole gripped his dick tighter finally setting him off. 

 He pushed her around and forced her onto her knees just before a huge white string of cum erupted from his cock landing squarely over her forehead. Quickly, Vanessa opened her mouth and the guy shot the rest of his massive load right into her mouth. 

 When his balls were finally empty, she scraped the cum off her face and fed it into her mouth. After showing the huge load that completely coated her tongue to the guy, she gulped it down in one go. 

 Looking to the side, she could see that the elder couple had hurried away as fast as possible ... 

 --- 

 For the rest of the day, Mark made sure that Vanessa had no chance to get out of their apartment. He stayed on the couch all the time and let Vanessa serve him. This didn't change for the next day until evening approached. Finally, Mark got into motion grabbing Vanessa's wrist and dragged her into their sleeping room. 

 "Now let's show the world what a ditzy bitch you really are. I wanna see your best impersonation of an elegant lady!" 

 Vanessa looked at him in surprise. She had expected him to tell her to dress as a common whore but not as if they were heading to the country club. 

 Now, she was even more confused. To which place was he taking her? What would happen to her? 

 She feared the worst becoming all nervous. But once again, this nervousness brought a familiar prickling feeling of excitement along. 

 Putting on her make-up, Vanessa painted a decent layer of rouge onto her cheeks. She traced the contour of her lips with a dark lip liner and filled the space with a slightly lighter lipstick. Then, she sealed her lips with gloss making it glisten wetly. She decently painted black eye-shadow onto her eyelids, drew a small line of black eyeliner around her eyes and emphasized her long eyelashes with a bit of mascara. 

 Turning to her wardrobe, she decided for a classy black dress. It was cut without any extravagances but very stylish. The black fabric smoothly hugged her curves flowing down just beneath her buttocks. The material went up to her shoulders running together at her neck ending in a strap around it. Beneath her collar, a broad oval hole was left out that reached right to the hem of her cups. This way, it exposed the creamy tanned skin of her chest and let her impressive mounds peek out of it. 

 Matching her dress, she put on black stockings and knee-high black leather boots with spiky toe-caps and stiletto heels. To give her outfit an extra classy note, she put a broad silver jewelry chain belt around her curvy hips and a broad silver jewelry bracelet around each wrist. 

 She applied black polish to her long manicured fingernails and finally adorned each earlobe with a big sliver creole which perfectly accentuated her long auburn hair. 

 Looking back into the mirror, Vanessa didn't see a whore on the way to work or a slut on the hunt for men. Instead, she looked like a film star ready to walk down the red carpet -- a film star in a very sexy dress. 

 When she walked back into the waiting room, Mark nodded in appraisal. But before they left, he handed her one of her big designer sunglasses giving her appearance an even more arrogant look. 

 Mark took her to an area of the city, Vanessa knew well by now. Again, she stood in front of the sleazy strip club her initiation to her job as office slut had taken place. Pictures of this past day passed her inner eye while Mark dragged her inside. 

 She could see herself standing on the stage. She could see herself dancing like an ordinary stripper. She could see the greedy, horny sleazebags of men leering at her. She could see herself getting fucked like a dumb vulgar whore. And she could feel all the joy and pleasure she had experienced that day deep inside her loins. 

 Now all this was about to repeat itself. Would it get worse or better? Would the guys treat her even more perverted? Would she enjoy it even more? 

 When they entered the club with the tasty name "The Red Rose", it was still bright outside. The last time she had been in this place, it had been dark inside all light blocked out. Now, broad daylight flooded the room making it look a lot worse. 

 With the old worn out red leather couches that lined the walls, the dirty sticky floor and the rancid bar counter, the strip club looked ready to get torn down. And the guy standing behind the bar appeared to be just as worn out as the entire club. 

 As it was still pretty early in the evening, there were only a handful of guys having a drink or two. 

 Mark took Vanessa to the first floor of the club. It didn't look any better there. The ground was covered by a red carpet that had turned almost black with the years and the greasy wallpaper hung off the wall at some spots. 

 "Now you're gonna meet the boss, Mr. Pavone." Mark told her while he opened the door of a room and dragged her inside. 

 It was a small room. At the other end, there was a large one-way mirror that gave a straight view into the club room. From this place, one could directly look to the stage on the other side. 

 There were files and folders flying around all over the place. And in the middle of the room a large desk was situated. 

 Vanessa couldn't see a lot of the desk as it was almost completely covered by loose papers and documents. But she could clearly see the person sitting behind it. 

 And this person made her heart stop. 

 It would get worse. 

 With a smile, the man in his fifties stood up and walked around the desk. He was still pretty fit for his age... 

 It was him - the mean guy Vanessa despised so deeply. The man who had fucked her in the library of the country club 

 She clearly remembered how he had forced her to degrade herself openly in the country club. How he had almost shattered her lady-image. How he had enjoyed her whole ordeal. 

 Vanessa's entire body quivered. She was on the verge of turning around and running out of this sleazy strip club. 

 She wouldn't degrade herself in front of this mean man again. She was better than that! 

 "Ah fuckmeat, nice to see you again. Ah, your dress shows what you're dreaming of! Sorry, slut but that will never become reality!" he mocked her with a wide grin. 

 "You didn't think you'd ever see me again, did you?" he asked her. 

 "Sorry to disappoint you but you work for me now! And I can see how much you love that fact." Mr. Pavone remarked clearly enjoying the sour expression displayed on Vanessa's face. 

 "You know, I'm a busy man. I own a lot of clubs and bars and this is one of it!" he continued. "Stanton, Miller and Colleagues own this building, I own this club and we all own you!" 

 "And now you're gonna work as what you are -- an ordinary cheap whore in a dirty sleazy club." 

 Saying these words, he broke into loud laughter. Vanessa was trembling heavily by now. Her throat was clasped shut with a huge lump. 

 "No! I'm not a hooker." was all she could whisper over and over again. 

 "That's exactly what you are - a vulgar dirty ho!" Pavone responded between laughter. 

 Taking a sudden step towards Vanessa, he grabbed her chin making her look directly into his stern eyes. 

 "That's what I like so much about you. The cheap vulgar whore that thinks she's an aristocratic lady. I'm gonna enjoy watching how your filthy ugly johns are gonna fuck that bitchy posh behaviour out of you." 

 Vanessa felt tears welling up inside her eyes. She had to force them down with all her might. Crying in front of this fierce guy was the last thing she ever wanted to do. But his words struck her deep in her core. 

 At the same time though, it ignited her fighting will. He wouldn't break her, no one ever would! 

 Anger built up inside. Her eyes began glowing fiery. With all her power, she pushed him off her. 

 "I'm not your whore!" she furiously spit out. "I work for SMC, not for you. I'm gone as soon as the money I owe them is paid off!" 

 Pavone walked back to his desk only smiling knowingly. 

 "We'll see. We'll see," was all he said. 

 He knew exactly that he had her in his grip. He had a deal with SMC. She was working for him now. This guy Mark had already gotten his hush-money and a job in the strip club. SMC was getting 50 percent of the money he was making with her as repayment. The rest was his share. And he planned to make plenty of money with this hot fuckslut. 

 It was a good deal for everyone -- maybe except for Vanessa. He thought to himself. 

 Then he told Vanessa the outlines of her new job. When he had finished, Vanessa had calmed down a bit. There was no sense in getting agitated. She had signed the deal with SMC, she had to work off the money she owed them. And she didn't see any way out of it -- yet! 

 All the money she earned would directly go to Pavone and SMC. She would keep on living with Mark in their apartment and he would pay all their bills. Nonetheless, she knew exactly this only meant that Mark was her personal watchdog and her days of luxury were definitely over. 

 She would have to work in this sleazy club! She would have to fuck random unknown guys for money! 

 This realization slowly sank into her mind. It repelled her! She was a slut for wealthy men! 

 A slut that pleases any men! Echoed in her head and she could see the messenger and his sleazy trailer park friends in front of her inner eyes. Somehow, these pictures excited her a little bit. 

 That moment, she knew that her life would change drastically. 

 She didn't know how she felt about it though. But she was dead set about one thing. They wouldn't break her. They wouldn't succeed in destroying her entire lifestyle! She would find a way to keep her lady-self. She wouldn't lose her country club life! 

 When Mark and Vanessa finally left Pavone's office, the strip club had noticeably filled. It seemed to run pretty well. 

 Mark took her to the back of the stage where she had to wait for her first show. Again pictures of her last visit to the club filled her mind. 

 These ugly sleazeballs enjoying her degradation, their lust filled gazes piercing into her as if she was just a piece of meat, her arousal of getting fucked publicly. 

 Would she enjoy it again? Would she get off this humiliating scene knowing that she was just an ordinary whore for them? 

 You're a lady! A lady with a dark secret! A lady that enjoys getting roughed up by man! You're better than that! A voice in her head appeared. 

 Finally, Pavone stepped onto the stage. Vanessa was as nervous as never before in her entire life. Her legs were wobbling, her heart was beating rapidly. 

 "Welcome to the Red Rose, my friends!" he greeted the crowd enthusiastically. "Today is a special day. Today, we have a brand new whore in our cosy little club. And it's our task to initiate her Red Rose Style." 

 Loud applause and laughter roared through the room. Shouts of 'Red Rose Style' erupted from the audience. 

 Vanessa didn't know what 'Red Rose Style' meant. But her ignorance increased her incredible nervousness even further. What was awaiting her? 

 "Today, we have a special whore!" Pavone continued his speech. "This is not some ordinary hooker you all have seen before! This whore has worked as secretary for a respectable law-office." 

 Loud 'Oohs' arose -- the pure mocking of being impressed. 

 "She knows some very respectable ladies and gents from the country club." 

 The mocking 'Oohs' became even louder. 

 "Only the most exclusive designer-attire is good enough for her!" 

 Pavone really got the crow going. The mocking sounds reached an unknown level echoing in Vanessa's ears and sending cold shivers up and down her spine. 

 "She thinks she's something better than all of us! She wouldn't even touch one of you if you had a golden dick!" 

 Deafening 'Boohs' were the answer. 

 "Still, she's a dumb bitch good for only one thing. There's only one use for her!" 

 At once, chants erupted from the crowd. 

 "Fuck the bitch! Punish the bitch! Fuck the bitch!" 

 "That's why she's here -- to be used for your pleasure!" 

 This was Vanessa's sign. In front of her eyes, the image of herself dressed in this classy attire walking into the country-club appeared. But instead she was about to walk onto the stage of a rotten strip club. 

 Her heart was bumping in her throat. She was nervous and scared and excited. But she had to get onto stage if she wanted or not. 

 Closing her eyes, she braced herself for whatever was coming at her. She had to force herself to walk in front of the agitated crowd. Somehow though, it even felt relieving to finally get it over with. 

 Her black leather boots with the 7" heels made clacking noises when she approached Pavone. The crowd went wild with ecstatic whoos. 

 With her classy black dress, her black leather boots and the big designer sunglasses, she exceeded any of the men's imagination of an arrogant posh bitch. 

 The men were so stirred and heated up by Pavone's little speech that her appearance almost broke the camel's back. 

 At once shouts of "Bitch! Skank! Bitch!" were screamed towards her. 

 There was an extremely aggressive mood hovering over the room. Vanessa's nervousness was at its peak now. 

 In front of Pavone, she came to a halt. She looked obediently down to his shoes. Out of nowhere, Pavone suddenly produced the dog collar with the leash Vanessa knew so well. 

 She didn't move when he put it around her neck and took the leash in his hand. In contrast, the mob almost hyperventilated. 

 "Leash the bitch!" they shouted in a choir. 

 Enjoying Vanessa's fearful expression and the aggressive chants of the mob for a few moments, Pavone suddenly yanked on the leash and drew her face close to his. 

 Then he screamed as loud as he could 

 "Strip for them, whore!" he emphasized his words with a yank on the leash making Vanessa stumble forward. 

 She turned to the crowd and started gyrating her hips alluringly. Slowly, she pushed the hem of her skirt up over her crotch to expose her cunt - but only for a brief moment. Then she let the dress fall down hiding her goods again. 

 She hated being called a whore. She was a dirty fuckslut but a high-class fuckslut! 

 She hated looking at these ordinary men while stripping for their pleasure. Not a single one of them wore a suit. 

 Despite her aversion, a naughty provocative smile spread unconsciously over her face while she ran her hands with the long black painted nails over the cups of her dress. 

 She pushed the material down freeing her delicious ripe melons. The oval hole of the dress forced her massive juggs tightly up and together like a lace-up bra without cups. 

 At once, the mob reacted with approving whistles that stroke a chord inside of her. Her body started enjoying the attention they were given her. As much as her mind resisted, her body told her that she was a slut enjoying any men's attention! 

 She grabbed each boob with a hand at the sides and tightly pressed them together. This way, her big fat fucktits jutted out appearing even bigger. Then she leaned forward so all guys could have a good look at the impressive cleavage between her funbags. 

 By now, she was getting more and more into teasing these guys. She definitely enjoyed being a dirty fuckslut. 

 But I'm not an ordinary whore! An angry voice echoed in her head. But it was barely audible anymore. 

 Eventually letting her tits free, she turned around presenting her shapely backside to the crowd. She started wriggling her butt arching her back while stretching her bottom towards the mob. Gyrating her hips ever faster, the black dress slowly roamed up her ass on its own -- just by the movement of her butt. Now, her tight juicy apple bottom was exposed. 

 The crowd began cheering her on although they didn't stop throwing obscenities between their hollers. 

 Taking a few steps to the side, Vanessa reached one of the dancing poles. Grabbing it with one hand, she swung gracefully around it. Facing the crowd again, she cupped her breasts and slowly leaned forward until her chest rested against the chrome tube. 

 When she pushed her luscious big tits together at the sides, the two ample melons basically swallowed the pole completely. With her long black manicured fingers pressing from the sides and the chrome tube between them, her plump creamy globes gleamed scrumptiously. Vanessa could basically see the men's mouths watering. 

 Then she started slowly pushing her big fat tits up and down the pole as if giving it a prime titfuck. When she finally let her juggs free from her clutch, a disappointed groan echoed from the room. Vanessa smiled naughtily and turned her back to the crowd. 

 Leaning forward, she pressed her tight bare bottom against the pole. First, she spread her ass cheeks with a hand on each side revealing her crack to the men. When the pole eventually hit against her ass crack, she let her buttocks go. Her ripe tight ass cheeks engulfed the pole at once. Her cheeks were so firm that the pole completely disappeared. 

 For several moments, she rubbed her cheeky bum up and down the pole driving the crowd wild with lust. 

 Eventually, she turned around, provokingly raised an eyebrow and blew a kiss at the fuelled men before she stepped back in front of Pavone. 

 He took the leash back into his hand and the next second he yanked it hard again. 

 "On your knees, bitch!" he yelled. 

 Vanessa immediately dropped onto her knees. Clasping her hands behind her back, she said 

 "Please, Sir! Show me what a cheap whore I am!" Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 10 ****** byCathartico© It cost her quite an effort -- or rather a huge effort - to bring these words out. Vanessa's aversion towards this mean bastard had only increased over the last hours. But she knew her role in this game. And for the moment, her body wasn't so sad about this position. 

 By the surprising course of action, the mob had turned quiet. They were all excitedly waiting for Pavone's next move. 

 "Do I own you, fuckwhore?" Pavone asked sternly. 

 "This filthy whore is at your will, my owner!" Vanessa almost screamed her ultimate self-degradation out. 

 "Show your gratitude to your owner!" Pavone continued enjoying her ordeal thoroughly. "Open that whorish facecunt!" 

 These humiliating words caused the crowd to erupt into a new wave of shouts and hollers. 

 As one men, the crowd screamed "Open, whore! Open, whore!" 

 The atmosphere caused chills to run down Vanessa's spine constantly. She obeyed at once. 

 Dressed as a classy lady in an elegant evening gown, she was kneeling in front of the man she despised so much. Her fat fucktits hung out of her dress and a leash hung around her neck. A crowd of filthy sleazebags watched the entire scene and called her every obscene name they could come up with. 

 This downright humiliation and ruthless treatment had its effect on her. She felt her nervousness turn into excitement and ultimately arousal. Every degrading name the crowd called her caused a jolt to explode in her cunt -- a jolt of humiliation but also of pleasure. 

 Thoroughly, Pavone pulled his dick out and stroked it several times holding it in front of her face. His grin widened ever further when he looked at the posh face his dick was aimed at. 

 Vanessa waited for him to cum. She still kept her mouth open like a good slut. She wondered why he hadn't shoved his cock into her mouth yet but she guessed he wanted to make a show of covering her face with his sticky glue. 

 And then, his cock exploded. A warm stream shot right into her mouth. And the crowd went ape again. 

 Before she realized it, the salty bitter taste filled her mouth. It wasn't cum! It was piss! He was pissing right into her open mouth! 

 Vanessa was overwhelmed by astonishment. At first, she didn't know what to do. Every nerve in her body screamed in protest. This was too perverted, too depraved. She felt even more humiliated than before - degraded beyond belief. 

 Shame burned on her cheeks and she wanted to shut her mouth immediately. 

 She saw the fierce look in Pavone's eyes though. She heard the shouts and yells from the aggressive mob. She could see how much they enjoyed it. 

 A slut that pleases any man! Echoed inside her head once again. 

 With more will power than she ever though she might have, she forced herself to keep her mouth open. The salty taste burned on her tongue and the stench crept up her nose. 

 When Pavone had filled her mouth completely, the stream of piss came to a halt. 

 "Swallow, pisswhore!" he barked. 

 Vanessa looked at him with pleading eyes. It had cost all her will power to keep her mouth open, she couldn't believe that she could bring herself to gulp this vile stinking broth down. 

 She didn't see a hint of mercy though -- only disgust and anger. 

 Giving in, she swallowed. The piss ran down her throat like lava burning her flesh. At once, she violently retched and coughed cringing on the ground. Over and over, the nasty fluid made its way up forcing her to gulp it back down, intensifying the repulsive taste even more. 

 When she had stopped gagging, she looked back up to Pavone. 

 "Do you like your fresh drink? Better get used to it as you'll get plenty of it!" he hissed his voice dripping with joy about her humiliation. 

 Vanessa couldn't stop shaking in disgust. This had been the worst taste she had ever felt in her mouth and she knew that she would never get used to it. Nevertheless, she nodded obediently. 

 "Thank you Master, for making me a good pisswhore." she said with a small voice. 

 Again, she opened her mouth and again Pavone pissed right inside. The dark yellow stream was clearly visible for the entire mob as it shot into her wide open mouth in a wide arch. 

 Once more, he filled her mouth to the rim and again, she had to gulp the vile broth down. Again, the retching and coughing was violent and the nasty taste burned itself into her brain forever. 

 Pavone repeated this ordeal three more times until his full bladder was totally drained. Every time, Vanessa had to swallow everything and thank her new master. Slowly, the retching became less violent but the rank taste remained. 

 In Pavone's eyes, Vanessa could see how his excitement grew with every thanks she brought over her lips. 

 When he finally finished his piss, he patted her head and remarked 

 "Now, we found something your good at fuckwhore -- getting sloshed as pissoir." 

 Vanessa let out a sop when these words hit her but they were muffled by the hollers of the crowd. 

 Yanking harshly on the leash, Pavone made her fall onto her hands and knees. It was a sight to behold. The redheaded snobby bitch on hands and knees with her ripe plump funbags hanging down off her chest and her tight apple bottom exposed. 

 Addressing the crowd he shouted 

 "Now, it's your turn to show the fuckpig the Red Rose Style. As you've seen, she's the lowliest whore in this club. Treat her just like that!" 

 He led her down the stage and Vanessa had to crawl behind him. Vanessa started shaking from disgust once again when her hands with the nicely manicured black nails hit the dirty ground. 

 Like a dog on a leash, she was paraded though the entire club. Passing every table, she received either a slap to her ass or a squeeze to her tits from every guest. Several of these slaps not only reddened her curvy buttocks but also impacted on her pussy with a squishing sound. 

 Acting on its own, her backside yanked back as if trying to welcome the hand hitting her precious cunt. A small moan escaped her lips every time. 

 This is so degrading! You're better than that! The furious voice in her head screamed. But it was muffled by the prickling sensations running up Vanessa's spine. 

 "See how wet her pussy gets." Pavone commented. "She's just a cheap cumwhore. She doesn't deserve any respect. Let's show the dumb fuckmeat what it deserves!" 

 She couldn't believe it. She had just experienced the worst humiliation she could think of. She had been used as a toilet! Still, she was turned on like hell. Every degrading word aroused her incredibly. 

 Finally, Vanessa realized that she was aroused not despite the degradation but because of it! 

 Her body had taken full control over her. She was back in full slut-mode. Her abasing situation was a tremendous turn-on now. Her body yearned for further humiliation. And there was nothing she could do against it. 

 While this realization hit Vanessa with full force, Pavone kept on leading her through the club like his new dogbitch. The guests kept on testing her ass and tits like examining cattle from a drove. 

 When they finally arrived back in front of the stage, her ass was glowing brightly red and her cunt was sopping wet and ready for action -- rough, ruthless action. 

 In the meantime, Mark had placed a big dildo in front of the stage that was towering straight upwards. It was a flesh-coloured flexible jelly dildo fixated on the ground. 

 Pavone led her directly to this towering giant that was shaped like a real cock and flesh-coloured. It was 13" long and more than 3" thick. The shaft was as thick as a soda can! 

 Vanessa's eyes widened when she saw this monster of a fake cock. She would never get it inside any of her holes! The butt plug Erickson had made her wear in the hotel had been large with its 7" length and 2.75" width but this dildo was gigantic. 

 With another yank on the leash, Pavone shot a new order at her. 

 "Squat over that fucking dildo, dogbitch!" 

 Looking up at him with fearful eyes, she said in a submissive tone 

 "It's so big! I can't take it!" 

 "And here I was thinking you're at least good for something. Apparently, Stanton sold me some piece of useless meat!" Pavone resolutely shot back. "Don't waste my time you worthless cunt! Show me you're a true fuckslut! Mount that dildo or get the fuck out of my club!" 

 The expression in his eyes clearly told Vanessa that he meant every word he had just said. And his words stroke a chord deep within her. 

 She had been the perfect office slut! She was a great slut for men! 

 She felt hurt in her pride by his words. She had to prove this mean bastard wrong. 

 Vanessa didn't even realize the contradiction of it. She disliked Pavone, she disliked this club, she disliked working as an ordinary whore! But right now all she could think about was proving what a perverted filthy slut she was! 

 With new enthusiasm, she hastily crawled around the giant dildo facing the crowd once again. She opened her mouth as far as possible and pushed it down onto the massive head. 

 She barely got the head inside. Nevertheless, she started working feverishly on shoving more of this huge piece into her mouth. 

 The crowd started cheering her on. Her lips stretched wider and wider and her head moved down the shaft further and further until her mouth hurt. Finally, the monster dildo glistened wetly from her hard work ready for her cunt. 

 Crumbling to her feet, Vanessa positioned herself over the giant dildo. Thereby, she placed a foot clad in black leather knee-high boots on each side of the monster. Her hands with the long black polished nails grabbed a pussy ring each and spread her labia apart. Then she lowered herself onto the beast of a dildo. 

 When the tip of the head entered her precious pink hole, it stretched her cunt wide. But her yearning cunt welcomed it with a warm surge of prickling lust. 

 To push herself further down, she had to strongly exert pressure. When she reached the thickest part of the dildo at the base of the massive head, her cunt lips were strained to the breaking point like a bow string ready to shoot an arrow. Her pussy lips were completely sleek from the immense stretching and she had to pull her labia apart as far as possible. 

 By now, she was grunting and wincing. Her eyes were tightly shut in concentration. With another push, the resistance gave way and the head was planted inside her womb. Her cunt lips tightly hugged the 3" shaft of the giant dildo. Her snatch had never been filled that much. She was stuffed to her fullest. 

 While her strained pussy lips hurt a little from the pressure, her cunt welcomed the stuffing. It was a whole new sensation that was fuelled by the perverse situation she was in. 

 It was a scene that reminded Vanessa of her parking lot escapade. Only now, she wasn't riding a tarbow in public. Instead, her cunt was impaled on a huge fake dick inside a sleazy strip club with a rude male mob watching her. 

 Nevertheless, the memory of her public adventure only added to her arousal making her relax a bit. 

 The crowd didn't give her a lot of time though as they wanted to see more. 

 She was instructed to hump the dildo. Gathering all her strength, she started pushing herself up and down the massive shaft. Her cunt lips gripped the plastic tool tightly so it was hard to get over the tick head again. But with every upwards push and every downwards thrust it became easier. 

 Vanessa better not wanted to know how loose her cunt would be after this ordeal. 

 A whore with worn out holes echoed inside her head. With this imagination, a jolt of pleasure rushed through her body. The degradation was working its perverted magic on her again and her cunt juices began flowing. Slowly, her wetness started running down the fake shaft and the speed of her humping increased. 

 This caused her plump ripe tits to jiggle and flop wildly. Judging by the crude comments and cheers that were yelled through the club, this was the best part of the show. 

 The crowd started shouting new orders at her. They wanted her to jiggle and shake her fat tits as violently as possible. 

 By now, Vanessa rode the monster dildo with rapid speed while she grunted and panted as much from the penetration as the effort. Her cunt didn't offer resistance anymore. 

 Grabbing her big funbags, she held them tightly at the base making them bulge out of her clutch. Arching her back, she pressed them out for the crowd. Her boobs bounced up and down like crazy. 

 The men began laughing at her. 

 "Look at the desperate bitch. Look how she is humping the fake dick." 

 "That cumwhore is so cock-starved, she'd fuck anything!" one guy shouted mockingly. 

 The scene itself was already incredibly humiliating. Still, Vanessa blushed deeply from these words feeling even more embarrassed. 

 "She's just as fake as the cock she's humping!" another one answered. 

 "Look at Miss Wannabe-Lady, it's rather Miss Dumb Fuck Puppet!" the last one capped them all. 

 The crowd broke into dirty derogatory laughter and in return an orgasm exploded inside Vanessa. These snide humiliating comments and the fullness of her cunt pushed her to an ecstatic high. 

 "Aaaah...! Yaaah...! Fuck! Yaaah...! I'm cumming!" she screamed her pleasure out. 

 Suddenly, her entire situation was forgotten -- the seedy strip club, the sleazy guys, being treated as a common hooker. There was only the blissful delight that rushed through her body. 

 All the while, Vanessa kept on humping the fake monster cock like crazy. The entire time, her tits jiggled up and down wildly. It took some moments till her orgasm subsided and she became aware of her seedy surroundings again. 

 Panting heavily from the effort, she came to a halt. Then she heard Pavone raising his voice from up on stage. 

 "Guess, the whore had enough fun for now!" he addressed the mob earning confirming laughter. "Now, it's your turn to have fun!" 

 "I got a special offer for y'all! As this is Queeny Ho's first day as hooker, every man is allowed to use her facecunt or whoretits to get him off while she rides the dildo for your viewing pleasure! And it's on the house -- or rather on the fuckwhore!" 

 Jubilation erupted in the cramped club echoing off the walls. At Pavone's word, Vanessa felt a sting of pride. He really treated her like a low hooker! But this sting soon turned into anger. She wanted to prove Pavone that she was more than a common whore! She was a perfect fuckslut! A filthy slut that enjoyed getting manhandled! 

 His ruthless words caused her excitement to flare back up. The fullness of her cunt also kept her in a state of heightened arousal. 

 The men started forming a line in front of Vanessa who was still impaled onto the giant fake cock. Meanwhile, loud music set in and a few strippers appeared doing their dance routine on the stage behind Vanessa. 

 Before the first guy was allowed to step up to her, Mark approached her with an evil smile on his face. 

 "We wanna see you working hard for your rewards!" he remarked sarcastically. 

 Mark grabbed her arms and forced them behind her back. Pulling some metal handcuffs out, he put them around her wrists. Now, she was ready for her blowbang - impaled on a monster dildo, arms cuffed behind her back, tits hanging out of her classy black dress and the leash dangling right between her big melons. 

 When the first guy finally approached Vanessa, she was ready to go. Her craving to be a dirty fuckslut hadn't been quenched for the night and still she was on a mission to prove Pavone that she was a true dirty slut. 

 She greedily looked at the first guy when he warmly greeted her with the words 

 "Nice show fuckslut. Hope you suck cock just as well." 

 Vanessa's look changed from greed to submissiveness when she servilely looked up at the man towering over her. He gave a scaring brute impression as he was built like a bull. With all his muscles, he could have been a boxer. Instead, he was the bouncer of the club with a distinct reputation. The large tribal tattoo that went up his entire arm and side of his neck as well as the bull neck didn't give the impression of a guy anyone wanted to argue with. 

 Vanessa didn't even dare to answer him, simply nodding obediently. The guy didn't wait for an answer anyway as he grabbed her jet auburn hair and wrapped it around his hand until he had a vice handle on her head. 

 Roughly shoving her head forward, he rubbed her cheeks over his jeans or rather over his hard-on covered by the fabric. All the while he mocked her 

 "That's what you're starving for whore, don't you? That's what's gonna ravage your throat, fuckpig!" 

 Looking down at her, he suddenly stopped in his tracks. 

 "What the fuck did you do? You fucking whore!" he shouted angrily. 

 Fearfully looking at his trousers, Vanessa suddenly saw the cause of the guy's rage. Her cheek had left make-up on his jeans. Now, there was a big bright flesh-coloured spot on it. 

 "You dumb bitch!" he furiously roared at her. "You're gonna pay for that! You're gonna pay so bad!" 

 Vanessa knew that it wasn't her fault but she didn't dare saying a word. His unruly rage and scary appearance didn't let Vanessa hope for the best when he roughly grabbed the leash. 

 "Say you're sorry, whore!" he demanded. 

 "Sorry! I'm sorry, Sir!" Vanessa immediately exclaimed. "This dumb whore deserves to be punished for being so stupid!" 

 These words came out of her mouth automatically. Now, she was even degrading herself for the pleasure of these men. The crowd answered with loud derogatory laughter that made her cunt tingle from pleasure. 

 "Sort the bitch out!" the mob chanted. 

 Smiling wickedly, the guy reacted to these chants by looping the leash around the base of her big ripe melons. He pulled hard on the leather string so the rope would be snug around her full juggs. 

 Tying a knot at the top of her cleavage, her fat tits were completely enclosed by the leash. Now, they were tightly locked by the chord. Her big melons bulged out from her chest letting them appear even bigger. 

 With the knot, the mean guy had a nice handle on her boobs. Now, he had her auburn hair in his left hand and the tit binding in the other one. And he planned on making good use of them. 

 "Open!" he barked with a voice that didn't tolerate any protest. 

 From her squatting position, Vanessa submissively looked up at him and obeyed at once opening her mouth as wide as possible. 

 "Let's see you humping that fake cock you love so much!" he hissed. 

 Before Vanessa could react, he roughly shoved her open mouth down onto his raging dick. He didn't stop pushing until her nose hit his pubic bone not giving her a chance to get used to his impressive size. 

 At the same time, he rudely pressed the knot down. Immediately, her tits bowed down under the pressure. A sting shot through her chest and there was only one way to alleviate it. 

 Instantly, she gave in and moved her body along her boobs. Once again, her cunt got speared by the monster dildo impaling it deeply in her womb. 

 When he finally yanked her head back freeing her from his dick, he pressed the knot back up causing new pressure on her tits and making Vanessa hastily push her cunt back up the fake cock. 

 He repeated this routine over and over again - shoving her head onto his dick while pressing her tits down and impaling her cunt on the plastic spear. After several moments of enjoying her gagging throat clasping his shaft, he yanked her head back while forcefully lifting her tits and pushing her cunt up the giant tool. 

 The bouncer was manhandling her juggs roughly. As long as Vanessa went along the movement though, there was no real pain. It was more like a sweet biting that made her tits glow warmly. At the same time, she had to give her own cunt a major workout. 

 She felt like her tits were exploding every time the bouncer pushed up or down --an explosion of prickling and tingling sensations rippling through her. The sweet torture drove her mad. A mixture of shrieks and grunts echoed through the club every time the guy pushed her face off his dick. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 10 ****** byCathartico© Finally, he was ready to blow his load. He pushed his dick out of her mouth only letting the tip rest between her lips. Letting her hair and the knot go, he grabbed both of her nipples and squeezed hard. 

 At the same second, spunk jizzed out of his cock. Vanessa screamed with an even higher tone while blurt after blurt of goo hit the back of her mouth. 

 And then she came. A short but forceful orgasm rocked through her body. If she hadn't been skewered by the giant dildo, she would have tumbled down by the force of it. For a few moments, she saw the stars while she screamed her pleasure out. 

 And then he was gone. The bouncer had simply stepped to the side. Vanessa's tits were still on fire leaving her yearning for more. 

 Watching the guy's show, there was no stopping the mob anymore. 

 In a hurry a group of three surrounded her. Two of them were pushing their throbbing cocks into her small mouth stretching her lips wide. Meanwhile, the other one had grabbed the tit handle abusing her bulged out juggs some more and making her forcefully hump the fake monster cock. The three didn't take long to cum though. They were all in a frenzy of feeding their semen to the dumb fuck puppet and soon their cocks erupted coating her face with goo. 

 When they stepped away, a single guy approached her. It was a middle-aged guy that looked pretty average and unremarkable. If he hadn't been standing in front of her with his dick in his hand, he would have never caught Vanessa's eye. 

 He simply stepped forward and pushed his cock between her lips. He didn't even say a single word simply expecting Vanessa to suck him off. 

 Vanessa's heart was pounding at a terrific pace from all the sensations her body was experiencing. She was so hot and horny that she behaved like a wild starving animal. She engulfed the cock at once pushing her mouth down his shaft and coating it with drool. 

 After pushing her head up and down his tool several times, it was firmly lodged inside her throat. Looking up at his face with his dick down her throat and her lips at his pubic hair, Vanessa suddenly saw that he didn't even look at her. 

 He wasn't paying any attention to her! Instead, he was watching one of the strippers doing her dance routine! 

 This couldn't be possible! She was the attraction in the club! She was the one sucking off this 'Average Joe'! 

 Instantly, fury welled up inside of her. She was getting angry at the guy. She couldn't stand people not paying attention to her. She needed to draw his attention back to him. 

 Immediately, she began fucking her face up and down his shaft letting it slide down her gullet with her mouth wide open. This way, the gagging noises emanating from her throat were extra loud. 

 "Glug glug glug glug glug ..." 

 'Average Joe' wasn't looking at her. 

 Vanessa was getting furious at him. She hated him for paying more attention to those strippers than to her. She had seen the girls backstage. Not a single one of them could keep up with her ravishing beauty. And not one of them was as dirty and filthy as she was. 

 She let the guy's dick pop out of her mouth and started running her tongue down the underside of his tool. Reaching his filthy balls, she sucked each of them inside her wet warm mouth. She bathed them until she had washed all sweat off of them. 

 The salty taste filled her mouth but she didn't care. Right now, she was willing to do anything to get his attention. 

 'Average Joe' still watched the strippers intently. 

 Being allowed to fuck such a ravishing beauty as her, this guy should be overjoyed! He would never even see a prettier bitch in his entire life! 

 Letting his balls drop out of her mouth, she begged him 

 "Please Sir, use my tits. Make me hump the fake cock for you!" 

 Finally, he was looking right into her face. But unexpectedly he had an annoyed expression on his face. 

 "Shut up, whore!" he hissed. "You're just the low jerk-off meat! Let me watch those fine girls dancing!" 

 Finishing his words, he looked back up to the stage leaving Vanessa totally stunned. She had been counting on anything but not this. 

 Her body was burning with embarrassment her cheeks flushed red from shame. She didn't know what to do. 

 She was such a better slut than these strippers! She had been the perfect office slut! She was the perfect whore too! 

 Not feeling a wet mouth around his dick, the guy became impatient. 

 "Suck!" he ordered not even feeling the need to look down at her. 

 Vanessa gave in. She wouldn't get his attention. He wasn't regarding her as a special whore. She was just the low jerk-off meat. His cum dumpster he would deposit his load in after watching the fine stripper girls. 

 Vanessa felt more humiliated than ever before. 

 Lustreless, she opened her mouth and sucked him off. At last, he came and unceremoniously dumped his load inside her mouth. 

 As soon as he had stepped aside, the next guy stood in front of her. Pleadingly, she looked up at him. She needed him to focus on her. She was the attraction right here! She was the dirty fuckwhore! And he didn't disappoint her. 

 He resembled that bouncer bloke like a brother - just as tall and muscular. And actually, he was the second bouncer of the club. His appearance was just as brute and scary with his large tribal tattoos and grim expression. 

 Pulling his dick out, he immediately bellowed an order at her. 

 "All my bitches suck dick on their knees! Get on your knees, whore!" 

 Vanessa looked at him with confusion in her eyes. Had he forgotten about the dildo? Her cunt was still impaled on the fake monster cock! 

 "But..." she stammered. 

 She didn't get further on as she was interrupted by the scary guy. 

 "On your fucking knees, fucking dogbitch!" 

 Spitting his command out, he tightly gripped her hair pushing her towards the ground. 

 Vanessa knew that he meant business so she started pushing herself up to get off the dildo. 

 When the brute bouncer noticed her reaction, he stopped Vanessa in her tracks by roughly yanking her head back. Vanessa looked like a deer caught in the headlights when he brought his face extremely close to hers. Then he hissed 

 "Did I allow you to get off that dildo? No! I said On Your Fucking Knees! The fake cock stays right where it is!" 

 "I can't ... It's too big ..." she whimpered. 

 "Shall I help you fucking ho!" he asked menacingly putting some pressure onto her shoulders. 

 "Please, no!" Vanessa begged immediately although her body screamed yes. 

 This guy seemed capable of doing anything to her and this uncertainty excited her immensely. 

 "Guess, that guy was right." he impatiently remarked looking up to the stage. "These strippers are far more interesting than this wannabe-whore." 

 This was the final push to get Vanessa going. She couldn't stand another guy disregarding her. She needed to show him what a good whore she was. She needed him to focus on her. 

 "I do it! Please, I'm a good whore for you! I'll do anything you want!" she exclaimed meaning every word. 

 Closing her eyes, Vanessa prepared herself for the coming ordeal. Her heart was beating rapidly while her cunt was tingling in anticipation. It seemed impossible. Still, her body wanted it. 

 Slowly, she began pushing herself down. Again, she had to overcome the thick end of the massive head. Grunting loudly, she pressed herself down. She had humped the fake monster for such a long time that her cunt slipped over the head pretty easily. Again she was filled. 

 But she had to get down to her knees and the giant cock was 13" large! She bowed forward trying to bend the jelly dildo. It did buckle a few inches and she could see her knees approaching the desired ground a few inches. 

 But it wasn't enough by far. She couldn't bend the dildo any further. There was only one way to get down. 

 Again, she started pushing herself down the massive shaft. She felt the inner walls of her cunt stretching and her insides tightening from the pressure. It became almost unbearable for Vanessa but still she went on. 

 It felt as though the giant dildo was being stuffed into her belly. 

 Seven inches ..., eight inches. 

 Vanessa squirmed in discomfort as the massive tool hit bottom inside her cunt. 

 Still, her knees were slightly hovering above the ground. Shifting her weight, she let her body fully drop down. 

 Once again, she was seeing stars. She screamed at the top of her lungs when she felt the ground on her knees. She had made it. 

 The feeling that shot through her pussy when the last inches jammed inside was intense -- a feeling of pain and pride overall turning into pleasure. She was amazed how her cunt had managed to stretch enough to accommodate the monster sized thick tool. 

 The pride Vanessa felt increased when she heard the claps of the crowd. A smile spread over her face. She was the perfect whore! All the guys loved her! 

 She felt so good -- so good at being a cheap whore in a sleazy strip club ... 

 Having fulfilled her task, Vanessa obediently opened her mouth and the bouncer's dick went inside. He was still holding her hair in his grip and now he started using it as a handle imitating his 'bouncer brother'. 

 He used her mouth like a sloppy cunt ramming her face up and down his cock in rapid speed. After a few moments, her mouth was completely overflowing with spit and drool. The white thick strands were jutting out of the corners of her mouth and slobbery wet noises were audible. 

 Glug, glug, glug, glug 

 Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks. Inquiringly, she looked up at him but the guy had turned to the side. 

 "Bring me the funtool!" he shouted at Mark. 

 Seconds later, her ex-boyfriend handed a metallic tool to the bouncer. Vanessa didn't know what it was but she was just about to find out. 

 It was a mouth clamp! Basically, it consisted of two clamps that were put between her lips at each corner and then pried open. 

 And that's exactly what the muscular guy did. 

 "Open that whore mouth, fuck pig!" he instructed Vanessa. "Time to learn what it means to be a full-blown ho!" 

 Although she got a bit nervous from the strange device, Vanessa obeyed at once. 

 Then, the bouncer pushed the two clamps into her mouth prying it open as far as possible. Instantly, Vanessa rattled from her mouth getting stretched so far. 

 She couldn't close her mouth on her own anymore. She was rendered totally helpless. 

 "Look at the stupid bitch! What a disgraceful sight! Just a piece of cheap fuckmeat!" 

 All these exclamations echoed through the club when the crowd saw the clamp prying her mouth open giving Vanessa an especially dumb submissive look. 

 "Don't want you to bite down from the pain you're gonna experience now!" the bouncer commented sending a chill down Vanessa's spine. 

 Without a chance to utter a word of mercy, Vanessa had to keep kneeling on the ground with the monster dildo deep in her womb and her mouth pryed open by two clamps. 

 Softly, the bouncer ran a hand over each of her glorious tits. Today, her boobs were definitely the attraction number one. 

 When he reached her nipples, he suddenly pressed down - again imitating his 'bouncer-brother'. 

 Instantly, the well-known feeling was back in Vanessa's tits making her scream out. Only the screams were muffled by the guy's cock that he rammed home the same moment. 

 He kept his dick stuffed deep inside her throat for some time enjoying the gags and vibrations from her tonsils. All the while, he pinched her nipples with his fingers. The sweet sting in her funbags was back making them tingle and glow. 

 Then he let her mouth go pushing his cock completely out of her. He only let Vanessa take a few gasps though. 

 Suddenly, he pulled on her nipples making her body move forward. And this way, impaled the cock back down her throat. Then he started a steady rhythm of dragging and shoving Vanessa's body forwards and backwards using her sensitive nipples as a handle. 

 Of course, Vanessa tried moving along as good as she could. Still, her boobs felt like they were on fire, prickling and biting sensations were surging through her juggs. She was going wild from the stinging and the pleasure. 

 The guy meanwhile received a prime throat fuck. Without the chance of closing her mouth, his cock went straight into her gullet. 

 Over and over, his cock went down her pried open mouth. Over and over, he made her choke and gag. Over and over, he kept his meat down to enjoy her throat clasping his shaft violently. 

 He slowly increased the speed of his nipple-yanking not giving Vanessa a moment to rest. With the clamp keeping her mouth wide open, the drool basically gushed out of her facehole. More and more bubbly slobber spurted out of it coating her chin and top of her bulged tits. 

 The onslaught caused streams of tears to flow down her cheeks making her mascara smear over her entire face. Long black strings of make-up were running down her cheeks. 

 There were so many sensations assailing Vanessa that she completely lost control. All she could do was scream at the top of her lungs. 

 Eventually, the bouncer stopped -- but only to make a show of smearing the vile slime all over her face. Finally, he had succeeded in destroying the rests of her classy make-up for good. 

 Looking at his perverted work of art, he suddenly stepped to the side showing Vanessa's tearstained smeared face to the crowd. 

 "Ain't that the look this dumb whore deserves?" he addressed the mob. "Guess, the classy wannabe-lady is gone!" 

 Being celebrated by the other guys, he proceeded to fuck her pryed-open mouth gripping the back of her head. When he took a short break, Vanessa suddenly mumbled something trying to get his attention. 

 With the clamp in her mouth, she wasn't able to speak coherently so she pointed her face downwards and arched her back pressing her fat bulging tits out. 

 Finally, the bouncer understood what she was asking and an impressed look spread over her face. 

 The next second, he rammed his cock back into her spit-filled throat while grabbing her hard nipples. Once again, he pinched them and yanked them forward. 

 This was absolutely what Vanessa had intended. When the muscular guy had concentrated on her face, her tits had been left disregarded. Suddenly, her big funbags had started itching. Her juggs were yearning for the guy's rough fingers squeezing and yanking them! 

 The itch had been growing larger and larger starting to drive Vanessa mad. She had desperately needed this itch to be scratched. She hadn't been able to reach the same level of pleasure as before. 

 Now, Vanessa responded with new screams of lust that made her throat muscle vibrate around his shaft. She felt like she was cumming the entire time, it wasn't one simple orgasm but a long wave of lust rippling through her body. 

 Several more minutes, the bouncer continued fucking her throat and yanking her nipples until he was finally ready to blow his seed. Dragging on her nipples, he pushed her face hard into his groin for the last time. He groaned loud while his cock flooded Vanessa's throat with an ocean of spunk. 

 "Well done, little whore!" he said tapping her head approvingly while taking the mouth clamp off of her. "You're a usable fuckslut!" 

 Vanessa felt a rush of pride surge through her. She had survived this mean guy's treatment and passed with flying colours. She was the perfect whore! 

 When the next guy stepped in front of Vanessa, she was down for everything. Her lust was on its peak. Right now, she only wanted to be the nastiest whore these guys had ever seen. 

 Out of the blue, the older man stopped a few feet away from her. He simply put his small dick in his hand and started jacking off. 

 "My dick won't touch such mucky scum. I'd better have some rubber gloves!" he remarked in disgust. "I'd rather watch those pretty stripper girls! That disgusting piece of fuckmeat can only be used as a cum dumpster." 

 Vanessa looked at him agape. She had never heard more embarrassing words in her life. She felt a new level of shame burning on her cheeks. Tears welled up inside her eyes while she looked at him jacking off. His eyes were glued to some stripper on stage. 

 She couldn't let this happen! She was the beauty with supermodel looks! She was better than these strippers in any way. She needed to please this man! She needed to be the best fucktoy he'd ever enjoy! 

 "Please, let this filthy scumwhore clean your ass! You're never gonna get your ass licked any better!" she tried teasing him defiantly. 

 The crowd went silent and the older man looked at her in disbelief. He was slightly over the age of 50 with grey hair and a slight belly. And he definitely wasn't used to seeing such a depraved whorish woman. 

 "You you want to lick my ass." he stammered in astonishment. "I I haven't taken a shower today." 

 "I'm a disgusting piece of fuckmeat" Vanessa repeated his words, "I don't deserve clean assholes." 

 Still not believing his luck in his old days, he slowly let his trousers drop to the floor and turned around pushing his pale skinny ass towards her. 

 It wasn't a beautiful sight as he had a wrinkled hairy bottom but Vanessa looked hungrily at it. She had his full attention now. She could prove him that she was a great whore. 

 As her arms were still tied behind her back, the grey haired man positioned his backside right in front of Vanessa's face and spread his skinny cheeks on his own giving her a good view of his crack. 

 At once, a musky odour crept up her nose. The stench bode ill and he was definitely in need of a shower. Vanessa didn't hesitate though. 

 She leaned forward burying her nose between his buttocks while the putrid smell of his unwashed ass became mind-numbing. 

 Before she could even stick her tongue out, she had to heave and retch dryly. Taking a deep breath of fresh air, she braced herself for the coming. She didn't slow down as she was on a mission. So she pushed her face back between the old man's smelly ass cheeks and opened her mouth. 

 Her tongue darted out of its protective cavern and hit against the slimy crack. She only managed to run her tongue over his entire crack once before she had to heave and retch again. 

 It was a pitiful sight. But the entire crowd held its breath at the action in front of their eyes. 

 Vanessa didn't hesitate going back to work though. Slowly, she got her choking under control. Working her mouth deeper and deeper into his crack, only occasional gags were audible. 

 The grey haired man was moaning loudly letting the astonished crowd know that she was doing a thorough job with her mouth. Her wet tongue ran up and down his ass crack cleaning it off any musky bitter slime. 

 To further his pleasure, she made sure to let the older man know how much she enjoyed her task. 

 "Mmmmh...!" she moaned. "I can taste your ass! It's so nasty! I'm your filthy scumwhore!" 

 The man began groaning faster, his breath became ever louder until he couldn't take it anymore. 

 Grunting his joy out, he basically jumped around. Just on time to point his erupting cock right at Vanessa's smeared whoreface. He had never cum so hard and spurt after spurt of jizz shot out of his dick showering Vanessa's face. 

 She grinned like a Cheshire cat about her success. She naughtily licked her full red lips trying to get as much cum inside her mouth as possible. 

 She had made it! She had convinced the guy and been a great whore for him. 

 By now, the rest of the crowd was so turned on from the perverted show that they weren't able to hold out any longer. For more than an hour, men after men stepped in front of Vanessa. They were all in a frenzy extremely turned on from the filthy acts she had been put through. Vanessa was deeply grateful for their attention as they were totally focused onto her, the strippers completely out of their minds. 

 Cock after cock was shoved down her throat. Load after load was shot into her greedy mouth. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 10 ****** byCathartico© The men weren't just letting her suck them off though. They had seen too many perverted ideas that needed to be tested thoroughly. 

 Some of them loved pushing their dicks between her swelled fat tits. She then had to hump the monster dildo to make her ample boobs bounce up and down and thereby jack them off with her massive cleavage. 

 Lots of them loved using her hair or the tit-knot as a handle to fuck her facehole like a sloppy cunt. 

 By far, the most popular method of using the piece of fucktrash was getting their asses eaten out. She had to munch on so many ass cracks that in the end Vanessa's tongue felt like a washcloth. The biting bitter musky taste was prominently besieging her gustative nerves burning itself into her mind. 

 They were so crazy about getting their asses licked that they even forgot to use her as a urinal. Vanessa had to admit that she wasn't too sad about this fact, the disgusting taste of Pavone's rancid piss still in her mind. 

 When the last guy finally stepped in front of Vanessa, he looked down on a messy cumstained piece of fuckmeat that had been a classy looking lady at the beginning of the evening. 

 She had just made his precursor cum by wildly humping the giant dildo while his dick was tightly tucked between her bulged out tits. Her bound melons had rubbed his shaft until he had filled her mouth with his creamy goo. 

 The final man looked ready to blow his seed right there and then. But he had been waiting for too long to let her get away that easily. 

 Vanessa still unconsciously rode the big fake cock. Her fuck juices were running down the thick shaft and she grunted heavily. She hadn't cum since the bouncer had abused her tits so roughly and she looked like she didn't need much more for another orgasm. 

 "So scumwhore, enjoying yourself?" the guy asked with a stern voice. 

 Looking up at him, she naughtily raised an eyebrow and shot back 

 "I'm a cheap dirty fuckslut! I love getting abused! Please Sir, use my cheap holes!" 

 With a quick step, he was next to her gripping her hair and yanking her head back. 

 "You're not a fuckSLUT, you're a fucKWHORE!" he barked angrily. "Tell me what you are." 

 "I'm a cheap dirty fuckWHORE" Vanessa shot back surprised by his sudden anger. 

 "Get off that fucking dick!" he continued looking madly at her. 

 Not knowing what he had up his sleeves for her, Vanessa became cautious. Hesitatingly, she pushed herself off the dildo. At once, her body yearned for it back filling her cunthole. She felt so empty. She whimpered as her gaping hole almost hurt being empty. 

 "I'm gonna make you cum like a whore!" the guy hissed impatiently. "Squat down and spread your legs!" 

 The guy's aggressive attitude made Vanessa obey immediately. Squatting down, she teasingly ran her hand over her knee-high black leather boots. Then she spread her legs as far as possible showing off her red gaping snatch. 

 "Lean back and spread that whorish used-up cunt!" he went on. 

 Vanessa did as she was told settling backwards until her back rested against the stage wall. Then she grabbed each pussy ring with the long black polished nails of her thumb and index finger. Pushing the silver rings apart, she spread her labia wide. Her cunt was so worn out from the giant fake shaft that her cunt gaped obscenely open giving the aggressive guy a good look into her dark channel. 

 Out of the blue, the guy pushed his foot forward and put it right onto her exposed snatch. With her cunt lips pulled wide apart, her protective labia majora was pushed aside letting him step directly onto her pink inner flesh. 

 He put the sole of his white sneakers right against her most precious part. The shoe looked dirty and spent. Now, this old gross sneaker was pushing against her sensitive inner pussy. Vanessa was humiliated. 

 With her cunt so open, she even feared him pushing his foot inside her snatch but instead he only exerted little pressure onto her clit. He rather pushed the filthy shoe up and down her open cunt rubbing the filthy sole over her clit. 

 Vanessa was shaking in disgust. This was so repulsive and gross. She had to force herself to keep in her position. It needed all her will not to close her legs. 

 The disgusting debasing act had its effect on her nevertheless. She felt her cunt tingling mercilessly and the pressure on her clit only increased the sensation. 

 "Are you a slut or a whore?" the guy asked her sternly. 

 "A WHORE!" Vanessa blurted out instantly. 

 She hadn't even thought about the answer but responded on instinct. 

 "A slut fucks for her own pleasure. You only fuck for the money. A slut is a horny piece of ass. You are a worthless piece of shit." he continued his degradation. 

 He was totally right. Over the course of the evening, all the sensations and perversions had made her accept more and more that she was a whore now. She was working for money in this sleazy strip club. She had just sucked off random guys for their money. She was no office slut anymore. She was a whore fucking for money. 

 "What are you!" the guy asked again getting immense pleasure from the scene. 

 "A WOTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT! A CHEAP VULGAR WHORE!" she blurted out the meaning slowly sinking into her mind. 

 This finally set her off. While she screamed these last words out, she was eventually cumming. A powerful wave swashed over her body sweeping anything along. Her cunt burned from the ecstatic jolts exploding deep inside of it. Her entire body shivered and she simply screamed her pleasure out. 

 She didn't even notice the guy shooting his spunk right onto her pussy after taking his foot off. 

 A whore pleasing any man! The voice now echoed in her head. 

 Right now this was exactly how she was feeling -- like a whore. But still no ordinary whore -- a lady that lived out her submissive side as a whore. A lady that liked getting manhandled and even made money with it. 

 All the guys had retreated back to their places giving Vanessa some time to recover -- a time she truly needed. Still, none of them left the club. They all knew that the show wasn't over yet. 

 * 

 To be continued... 

 The initiation goes on with Vanessa getting more decorations. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 11 ****** byCathartico© It was a run-down sleazy strip club right in the redlight district of the city. Today wasn't an ordinary day in the club. Today was the initiation of the newest whore. And this initiation took place right on stage for any guest to see. 

 The new whore was a certain red-head with supermodel looks, big luscious tits, and a curvy apple bottom. 

 Before, she had been working for a law-firm, and she considered herself a classy elegant lady. With her arrogance and bitchy behavior, she had insisted on proving this attitude to everyone. 

 But there was a dark side to this lady as she had worked as office whore that got off from dirty degrading sex. More and more, the craving to be manhandled had turned into a full blown slut-ego that rivalled her lady-self. 

 Today, there was not much left of the posh lady except for her classy black dress with the silver jewelry belt, the black leather boots and black stockings. In this dress, a dirty filthy fuckwhore lay covered in cum and drool on the ground of the sleazy strip club gathering back her strength while strippers entertained the crowd. 

 With the music coming to an end, the strippers hurried off stage. It was time for the next round of Vanessa's 'Red Rose Initiation'. 

 Mark approached the defiled beauty and unceremoniously threw some handkerchiefs at her. 

 "Clean that whoreface!" he instructed her. 

 After Vanessa had cleaned her face from all the dried cum, Mark used the popular hair handle to push her up onto her hands and knees. The leash was still tightly bound around her luscious fucktits making them obscenely swell out. 

 He walked Vanessa back onto the stage. She had a hard time keeping up with his pace as she was crawling on all fours. Her struggle brought up new dirty laughter from the crowd and Vanessa knew that hard times were coming at her. 

 Mark led Vanessa directly to the center of the room where Pavone was already waiting impatiently. Her ex-boyfriend made her stand up by pulling on her hair and then opened her handcuffs. 

 Vanessa let out a sigh rubbing her wrists. Slowly, feeling shot back into her arms after being restrained for such a long time. 

 Mark only gave her freedom for a few moments though. He grabbed her arms and attached her wrists to a pair of cuffs. These were connected to chains dangling from the ceiling. 

 There were also two restraining cuffs bolted to the floor. Vanessa had to spread her legs wide exposing her cunt when Mark fastened her ankles to them. He then proceeded to tighten the chains stretching her arms up over her head. Finally, he put a ball gag into her mouth. 

 Vanessa was getting frightened. She was bound right there on stage, and she was totally helpless. Even worse, she didn't know what they were going to do with her. 

 Again, she was completely at Mark and Pavone's mercy. Again, she was nervous as hell. Again, she felt her fear mixing with excitement. 

 Pavone looked disdainfully up and down her stretched curvy figure. Then he turned around facing the crowd. 

 "So what d'you think about our new whore?" he addressed the crowd. 

 "Dirty piece of fuckmeat!" 

 "Dumb fuckpig!" 

 "Filthy pisswhore!" were the answers shooting back at him. 

 Seeing the cuffed beauty trembling in her bounds from these derogative words, Pavone couldn't suppress a smile. Still, he had to admit that this arrogant bitch had handled the blowbang extremely well. 

 He hadn't expected her to be such a dirty filthy fuckslut that got turned on from such severe debasement. Hearing her urging the guys on to use her harder and even cumming from the ordeal had totally surprised him. 

 He had only thought of her as a snotty bitch that thought she owned the entire world but was only a slut instead. A cocky slut that never achieved any accomplishments on her own but simply got away with her beauty. 

 He had to admit that he was slightly impressed by Miss Arrogance. Still, he couldn't stand her posh behaviour. He was dead set on stripping it off of her and turn her into an ordinary vulgar hooker. 

 "Don't you think everybody should see what a low whore she is?" he addressed the crowd again. 

 Loud cheers affirmed his question. 

 "Don't you think she needs some more whore-marks?" he continued. 

 The crowd was going wild again. All men slowly got an idea where this was heading and they all screamed their agreement back at Pavone. 

 Vanessa could feel the aggressive mood in the small club building up again. She was getting more and more nervous by the second. Seeing Pavone's contemptuous expression, she didn't expect good things for her. Now, her ignorance joined her helplessness increasing her fright but also her excitement. 

 "Don't you think another tattoo would adorn this whore?" Pavone went on earning a new round of cheers from the crowd. 

 Vanessa's nervousness reached a new height. She didn't like the way they were heading. She didn't like it at all. 

 "There's only one problem." the club owner exclaimed. "I can't decide which tag suits this cheap piece of fuckmeat better. What do you think is a better choice?" 

 "Trailer Trash Whore" 

 or 

 "Property of Pavone" 

 When he said these words, the crowd went ape. The entire club was filled with hollering and clapping. The men couldn't believe their ears and eyes. They all had been looking for a relaxed evening watching some strip show. But now, they were experiencing the most perverted night of their lives -- and they were an integral part of it. 

 Meanwhile, Vanessa was shaking in her bounds. She was screaming with all her might. 

 "Nooooo!" 

 But her shouts were muffled by the gag in her mouth. 

 "I just can't decide." Pavone continued completely unimpressed. 

 He started walking up and down the stage giving the impression of pondering this question. Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks and looked back to the mob. 

 "I guess, I let you decide!" he exclaimed. "Boys, it's in your hands now! I wanna hear you clapping for your favourite tag and the one with louder applause makes the grade." 

 Pavone had to wait several moments until the crowd had calmed down again. The prospect of being the ones deciding the whore's future was overwhelming. 

 "What do you think about 'Trailer Trash Whore'!" he asked. 

 Loud applause arose. Some of the men even whistled their agreement. 

 "Nooo!" Vanessa once again screamed against the ball gag. 

 She definitely was no trailer trash. She worked in a strip club now but she was no ordinary whore. 

 I'm a lady! A lady that likes to get roughed up! A voice screamed inside her head. 

 A whore that pleases any man! With her holes, marks and tags! A second voice answered. 

 "OK, OK. So what about Property of Pavone?" the club owner inquired. 

 Again, loud applause roared through the club. 

 To Vanessa, it sounded even worse. 

 Damned motherfucker! I belong to no one! The first voice screamed. 

 A guy that helps me to live out my dark fantasies! A guy that helps me to improve as a fuckslut! The second voice answered. 

 "Well, well, well! Not bad. Guess you like my suggestions." Pavone said with a dirty smile on his face. "I just can't decide which one was louder. Guess we have to repeat the poll." 

 And that's exactly what he did. Once again, the room was filled with frantic hollers. But one more time, the cheers were equally loud at both times. It seemed like all men simply screamed for both alternatives. 

 "OK! This was clearly unclear!" Pavone joked. "Seems like there's no winner! But I have an idea how to solve the problem." 

 He then waited a few seconds to savour the crowd's agitation and meanwhile Vanessa nervously held her breath. 

 Finally, he exclaimed 

 "We take them both! This whore is such a dirty dogbitch, she deserves both whore-marks!" 

 Vanessa closed her eyes. This was worse than anything she had imagined. Somehow, she had enjoyed being treated as a whore in the strip club up till now. But she didn't want to get marked as a hooker for life. 

 In contrast, the guys were beside themselves from joy -- a nasty, sick and perverted joy buried deep inside of them that came to the forefront now. 

 Their excitement increased even more when a guy appeared on stage and approached the bound beauty. He carried a large silver suitcase, and they all knew exactly what it contained. 

 Stepping in front of the stretched out Vanessa, she recognized him immediately. She would never forget that self-righteous grin plastered onto his face. It was the guy from the tattoo parlour where she had received her cunt rings and tramp stamp. 

 Now, he would repeat this deed marking her again -- this time as a whore. 

 It won't make me an ordinary hooker Vanessa convinced herself. She would never be a common whore. She had her lady-ego, she had her posh girlfriends. She could twist any wealthy men around her finger. They could never strip that off of her! 

 Only a true lady possessed all of this. And she was a true lady. A lady that craved hard rough sex she got by working in a strip club. 

 She had just enjoyed the most degrading but also most delightful blowbang in her entire life. She was allowed to experience it because she was working in this strip club now -- because she was working as a whore now. 

 While she was looking at the tattooist, Vanessa felt the dissonance troubling her to its fullest. She only knew for sure that she needed both of her selves. She knew that she couldn't live with only one of her egos. The dissonance was troubling her but also exciting her tremendously. 

 Surprisingly, she somehow felt glad to be a whore right at the moment. She had reached the absolute opposite of her lady-ego now. Her selves were balanced now. And this filled her with great lust and pride. 

 Vanessa didn't know where these feelings were suddenly coming from, and she tried suppressing them as soon as possible. 

 I'm not a whore! The angry voice echoed in her head once again. I'm too classy to have tattoos! I don't need improvement! 

 But the desperate voice couldn't push these new thoughts away. And her excitement was back with full force as well. 

 "It's a small world, isn't it?" the tattoo artist interrupted her train of thoughts. "So we meet again. Fuck, I'm definitely looking forward to give you another whore stamp." 

 "You're glad about it, too?" he scoffed. "Hmm, I don't think so. But that's part of the fun." 

 The pained reaction on Vanessa's face clearly told him that his mocking had been successful. So he put the suitcase on the ground and started setting up its contents. It was a tattoo mechanism with an assortment of new needles, black ink, cotton balls and alcohol. 

 Turning on the machine, the buzzing sound announced the inevitable. Closer and closer, the tattoo gun came up to the bound figure. Then it touched Vanessa's skin... 

 For the next half hour, the tattoo artist was eagerly working. Vanessa could only stand there right on stage looking down her body and watch her new tags taking form. 

 Finally, his work was finished. 

 A black ring of flames was now prominently inked around her belly button. The circle was completely filled with ink from her cute bellybutton to the flames. But inside of the black ring, Celtic letters were left out. This way, the three horrid words were basically impregnated into the black ring of flames. Her skin colour formed the tag. This reversal made the words harder to decipher. Just like her tramp stamp, one could only make out the tag on second look. 

 Gazing down her body, Vanessa read the final version: 

 "TRAILER TRASH WHORE" 

 The second tattoo was placed a few inches above her pubic mound. It was kept far simpler than the first one. But this only added to its humiliating charisma. 

 "PROPERTY" "OF" "PAVONE" 

 The three words were inked centred one below the other in simple letters. But the meaning itself wasn't the worst part of it. There was a frame drawn around it. This way, it exactly resembled a simple stamp! 

 Vanessa felt a wave of humiliation rush through her body. This tattoo not only showed off that she was owned by the men she despised the most. Now, she was also marked like a low animal - like breeding cattle. 

 Vanessa couldn't tear her eyes off her new tattoos. How could she ever go out swimming again? How could she ever were belly-free tops again? 

 Pavone didn't give Vanessa a lot of time to ponder these questions as he addressed the crowd again. 

 "I've been thinking," he started speaking. "A real whore needs to be decorated for her johns' viewing pleasure." 

 The word 'john' caused a stab in Vanessa's chest but it was greatly overwhelmed by her hurt pride. 

 She didn't know where it was coming from. But one more time, she was in a fury towards this bastard. She had been the perfect office slut! She was the best fuckwhore as well! She didn't need any further improvement! 

 Out of a sudden, her anger made her forget the new whore-marks momentarily. Instead, she started thinking about ways to prove Pavone that she was the perfect fuckwhore. 

 "I think she needs more jewelry!" the club owner interrupted her thoughts. 

 This new prospect brought the crowd up again and chatter broke out. They were all wondering what he had in store for the dump fuck puppet. 

 Once again, his words had the contrary effect on Vanessa. Her hurt pride vanished as soon as it had flared up. Instead, the horrible tattoos were back in her mind and she was getting frightened again. 

 Her mind was racing pondering the question what he had planned for her. He was probably talking about more piercings but where and how many? 

 She didn't have to wait long for an answer though. Pavone approached a trembling Vanessa and unfastened the ball gag freeing her mouth again. 

 She wanted to scream at him for mutilating her delicate skin forever. 

 A guy helping me to live out my dark fantasies! The new voice was back in her head and surprisingly she remained quiet. 

 "You got such great tits." Pavone addressed her running his hand over her bound bulging breasts. "They need some decoration, too!" 

 Vanessa's eyes snapped open. Her nervousness had just increased by a hundredth. He wanted to pierce her nipples! She couldn't imagine how much it would hurt! She didn't even want to think about it. 

 Vanessa squirmed in her bonds looking pleadingly at him. Through her gag, she tried begging him. 

 "Oh no! Please not! It'll hurt!" 

 But only muffled sounds were coming out. 

 "Sounds like she loves the idea!" Pavone commented with a wide smile on his face. 

 Up to now, the pain guys' had dished out to her had only added to her arousal making her climb absolutely new heights of ecstasy. She had even asked the bouncer to abuse her tits to make her cum. But this would be extreme, wouldn't it? 

 She was about to find out as Pavone took a large needle and started running it over her ripe big juggs. Simply the touch of the needle on her delicate skin made Vanessa shiver in anticipation of the coming pain. 

 The mob watched in silence totally stunned by the scene in front of them. The tension in the crowded club was nearly sizable. 

 Then Pavone grabbed behind Vanessa's head and opened the ball gag. Taking it out of her mouth, she was finally able to speak again. 

 But no words were coming over her lips. She was too scared to speak. 

 Pavone grabbed her right tit. With the leash firmly tied around her ample boobs, her rock hard nipple already protruded outwards. Pinching her nipple for several moments, he eventually grabbed it between two fingers and pulled it taut. 

 A cold sweat flushed Vanessa when she realized that there were only a few moments left until the scary needle would pass through her tender nipples. She was following every of his movements with her eyes wide open in horror. 

 But then Pavone stopped and didn't move any further. He simply held the needle at the base of her nipple. 

 He wanted this arrogant bitch to ask him for it. He wanted the little wannabe princess to beg him to pierce her nipples. He wanted her to act like a total whore that craved to get decorated. 

 "If you ask nicely, you're gonna get your gift." he teased Vanessa. 

 When she didn't respond, he continued 

 "Ohhh, you don't want my present? I'm disappointed!" 

 Vanessa was still holding her breath. She was too scared to move a single limp. 

 

 After waiting for a few seconds, Pavone suddenly addressed the tattooist standing next to him. 

 "Why don't you help the slut with her decision? Stuff her cunt!" 

 The tattoo artist didn't have to be asked twice as he quickly kneeled between her spread open legs that were still fastened to the floor. He let his index finger run over her pussy lips. After humping the fake monster cock for such a long time, her pussy still gaped slightly open so he didn't have a problem pushing three fingers inside. 

 Meanwhile, Pavone began to run the dreadful needle over her tit again. 

 "You're gonna enjoy getting your jewelry, fuckwhore." he growled. 

 Vanessa only closed her eyes bracing herself for the upcoming. 

 And then she felt it - a pressure on her cunt. The tattooist was working his entire fist into her snatch! His large clenched fist was almost as big as the dildo that had filled her pussy before. Her cunt didn't resist when he rammed his entire hand inside her. 

 Vanessa felt her body responding. She was getting hot again. Her arousal slowly built up increasing ever more until it pushed the fear aside. 

 How could this be? How could she be dripping wet? She was anticipating the worst pain of her life! And still, she was aroused! 

 Just as Pavone had wanted, she involuntarily started grunting when the tattoo artist began reaming her cunt picking up pace. 

 Ever so slowly, she was losing control. Her hips began circling the fist in her cunt. Her mouth opened letting out moans. 

 It felt so good. But still, she could feel the cold steal of the needle on her soft delicate tit. The fear that still hovered in her body mixed with her arousal. She started groaning loudly writhing around on stage. 

 The arousal was at its height by now. Her entire body was prickling. She felt the fire of lust burning deep inside. 

 The tattooist started ramming his fist in and out of her cunt making squishing sounds. But she didn't cum. 

 The heat in her loins was becoming unbearable. She needed relief. Her arousal was turning into an itch torturing her. She needed to cum. 

 But there was no orgasm hitting her. 

 Something was missing. 

 The itch was becoming intolerable. It needed to be scratched. And it started driving Vanessa crazy. 

 Suddenly, the scene of herself kneeling in front of the stage flashed in front of her eyes. She saw herself impaled on the fake monster cock getting her nipples pinched and yanked. She saw herself humping the big dildo her big juggs getting pushed up and down by the tit-handle. 

 She finally realized that she needed the pain to reach the ecstatic heights of pleasure she was yearning for. She needed the pain to mix with the pleasure. She needed the sting of the needle to cum. 

 While this realization was still hitting her with full force, she already uttered the words Pavone was waiting for. Her body had reacted faster than her mind once again. 

 "Please, master! Pierce my tits! Please decorate me like a whore!" 

 And the next second, her grunts turned into a piercing scream. 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" 

 With one hard quick push, Pavone finally punctured the tender flesh of her nipple. 

 "Ooouuuhhh! ... Yaaahhh! ... Ooohhh! ... Yaaahhh! ... "Oooouuuuhhh!" 

 The tattooist started rubbing Vanessa's clit with his free hand while fist fucking her cunt and her screams started merging with her grunts. 

 Pavone forced the sharp needle further into her sensitive nipple. It was hard to push it back out on the other side. So he had to exert even more force. 

 "Aaahhh! ... Yaaahhh! ... Ooouuuhhh! ... Aaarrggh!" 

 Vanessa only responded with even louder screams. The tingling sensations rushed up from her crotch. Halfway to her mind, they intermixed with the excruciating pain from her breasts until a completely new dimension of bliss exploded in her head. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 11 ****** byCathartico© It felt so good! It felt indescribable! 

 And finally, it hit her. 

 When the orgasm ripped through her body, Vanessa was a grunting mass of flesh screaming incoherently. 

 "YaaahhhOoouuuhhAaahhhOoohhh!" 

 She was cumming so hard she became delirious. The ecstatic feeling had conquered her entire body. 

 All the while, Pavone took his time with her delicate nipple. Instead of pulling the needle back out, he slowly pushed the entire length through her nipple letting Vanessa feel the entire length of it. This heightened the intensity of her screams even more. 

 Her orgasm just took another height by storm. Vanessa was totally out of her mind by now. She was only able to scream and writhe in her bonds. 

 Once the needle was completely through her skin, he quickly took the silver ring and forced it through the tiny punctured hole into her pierced nipple. 

 Then he waited for Vanessa to come back to her senses. Eventually, Vanessa's incredible ride on the waves of lust began subsiding. 

 Just when she stopped groaning for a second, she felt a finger getting pushed into her ass while the tattooist's fist was still buried deep inside her cunt. At the same time, Pavone punctuated her second nipple. 

 And Vanessa got swept away once again. 

 "Ooouuuhhh! ... Yaaahhh! ... Ooohhh! ... Yaaahhh! ... "Oooouuuuhhh!" 

 The new sensations caused another orgasm to explode inside of her. Another surge of bliss rocked her body while Pavone pushed the needle with its entire length through her soft nipple once again. 

 Vanessa saw stars dancing in front of her eyes and almost lost consciousness from all the cumming. She was reduced to a piece of flesh moaning and whimpering, screaming and grunting while she orgasmed over and over. 

 It took several minutes until she came back to earth. Meanwhile, Pavone stepped aside to give the crowd a good view of the whore. 

 They saw a red-headed woman with ravishing looks that hung totally exhausted in her bonds. Her entire body was drenched in sweat and she breathed heavily. If not for the cuffs stretching her arms above her head, she wouldn't have been able to keep herself up. 

 Each of her big luscious tits was adorned with a silver ring about an inch in diameter. Around her belly button, a large flame ring with the words "Trailer Trash Whore" was inked. Just above her pubic mound, a black stamp with the tag "Property of Pavone" was prominently visible. And finally, her cunt was decorated with a silver stud through her clit and a silver ring through each labia. 

 She looked like a whore. A whore that craved men's attention. A whore eager to give them any pleasure they wanted. And right now, she truly felt like a whore as well. 

 And stirred on from the amazing show, the crowd was boiling again ready to test that eagerness. 

 The mob wasn't unleashed on the defiled beauty yet though. Instead, Mark came up onto stage and freed her off her bonds. He even untied the leash that enclosed her knockers releasing her bulged out tits from their restrains. The ripe globes had completely turned dark red from the piercing and the long binding and were over-sensitive. 

 Taking the leash in his hand, Mark led Vanessa off stage. As it was appropriate for a whore, she immediately dropped to her knees and crawled behind. 

 For the next half hour, Vanessa was given a rest while the strippers were back entertaining the crowd. 

 "The 'Red Rose Initiation' ain't over yet." Pavone informed Vanessa as soon as they arrived backstage. 

 "You haven't passed the try-out yet. You still gotta prove that you're worthy to work in my club." he provoked Vanessa. 

 Vanessa's fury at this bastard blazed up again. She had never met a person that could infuriate her more easily and more strongly. She wanted to scream her anger right into his face. 

 "Please, let this vulgar slut show you that she's worthy of being your whore!" she begged him instead. 

 Again her words surprised herself. She despised this fierce motherfucker! But somehow she felt hurt in her pride by him. She felt the need to prove her worthiness to him. 

 She wanted to hate him. But she felt strangely grateful to him for giving her what she really needed! Somehow, she felt the urge to pay him back the favour of making her the perfect whore -- his perfect whore! 

 Her exhaustion was blown away from this realization. So she hastily took a shower and applied new make-up. When she was finished, she looked just as ravishing as she had when the night had begun. 

 The black mascara around her eyes, the glossy wet lip gloss, her gleaming jet auburn hair and the big silver creoles retrieved her classy look. Only this time, she was completely naked except for her black knee-high leather boots and stockings. This way, her new silver tit rings and whore-marks were on full display. Of course, the dog collar and leash was attached around her neck just as it should be. 

 Whit 30 minutes being over, she stepped back onto the stage and walked up to Pavone. When she handed him the leash, he asked 

 "Tell me whore, why do you wear this dog collar?" 

 "Because I'm a dogbitch for men to use in any way that makes them cum." Vanessa answered loudly. 

 Of course, this brought up cheers from the crowd. They were all too curious to see what would be happening next. 

 Pavone yanked on the leash making Vanessa fall onto her hands and knees -- a position she was getting used to. 

 "Crawl from guest to guest and ask if they got use for such a dumb piece of fucktrash!" Pavone ordered. 

 Vanessa looked around the club. It had three stages, a large one at one end and two smaller ones at the other end of the room. At the opposite side of the entrance, a bar was located. There were plenty of tables with chairs placed between the stages. 

 Looking around the room, Vanessa noticed that there were still around 20 guests present. As it was getting really late, a lot of the other men must have left after her piercing show. 

 Still, twenty was an impressive number considering that she had to work them off one after the other. Especially after the ordeals she had already been put through today. 

 When she didn't start crawling forward immediately, Pavone gave a boot to her ass setting her into motion. 

 First, Vanessa crawled to a table where two guys were sitting. On her hands and knees, her new silver tit rings came into its own as they hung off her heavy knockers and dangled around with every move she made. 

 The two were both between 40 and 50 years old. The first one had brown hair while the second one was bald. They were both still in pretty good shape. 

 She kneeled in front of them presenting the leash on her open hands. She knew exactly what she had to say. 

 "Please Sirs, may this cheap whore serve you?" she asked with a pleading tone in her voice although the word 'cheap' didn't sound too honest. 

 Of course, the men had only been waiting for this and were more than ready to go. 

 The bald one took the leash and yanked on it making her fall back onto her hands and knees. 

 While Vanessa looked up at him with her fresh classy make-up, he ordered 

 "I wanna see such a posh arrogant face in the dirt. Clean my shoes, dumb ho!" 

 Vanessa looked down onto his feet. He was wearing some leather shoes that looked rather manky. It had been a rainy day so she knew very well that they couldn't be too clean. 

 A shudder shook her body and goose bumps covered her skin. This was so gross! 

 Just a whore working in a sleazy strip club! The voice in her head suddenly said. The tongue of such a vulgar whore is only good for cleaning dirty shoes. 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to act, the decision was taken out of her hand. The brown-haired guy had stood up and walked around her. Now, he pressed her down from behind until her nose hit bald head's shoes. 

 "Start licking, dirtwhore!" he barked giving her ass a harsh slap. "And show me that needy ass!" 

 Vanessa groaned out while her mouth opened. Slowly, she pushed her tongue out until it touched the leather fabric. Her goose bumps intensified. 

 Then she ran her tongue slowly down the upper side of the shoe. Instantly, a bitter taste filled her mouth. She could feel scum encrusted on it causing another chill to surge down her spine. 

 Still, she proceeded working hard to get them shiny again. She wanted -- she needed - the guy to be satisfied with her service. 

 Meanwhile, she had reached back with her arms to reveal her delicious crack. With her long black painted fingers, she spread her ass cheeks far apart making her used cunt gape obscenely. 

 The guy had a good look down her birth channel while her beringed cunt lips flapped around it. The sight of her worn-out cunt was simply lewd but her asshole was still tightly shut. 

 The wrinkled little pucker winked enticingly at the guy. 

 Taking his dick in his hand he positioned himself directly over her bottom. Then he spit right onto her tightly closed backdoor giving Vanessa a chance to relax. The next second, he rammed his tool home. He simply plowed his sizable shaft into her poor ass. 

 Although Vanessa had braced herself for the coming intrusion, she cried out from the sudden force. This caused baldhead to yank her head up by the hair and give her a slap. 

 "Thank him for using your worthless hole!" he commanded. 

 Immediately, Vanessa began thanking the brown-haired guest profusely. 

 "Thank you Sir for ripping my ass open! Please use me as you wish!" 

 Finished with expressing her gratitude, Vanessa's head was forced down to baldhead's feet again and she had to proceed in her task of licking his dirty shoes clean. 

 It was an incredible sight for the other guests. This elegant lady kneeled totally naked in the sleazy strip club while her ass got hammered. Her fat glowing fucktits hovered just above the ground with the silver rings dangling off her nipples. And her soft tongue licked some dirty shoes clean. 

 This was exactly the same picture that was dancing in Vanessa's mind. An imagination that was so humiliating that it aroused her at once. 

 By now, Vanessa's tongue had lost any sense of taste as she lapped away at the shoes. The brown-haired guy was still pumping her quivering asshole like a jackhammer. She was impressed by his stamina. 

 The hard assfucking had its effect on her. When her poor ass had adjusted to his size, pleasure began radiating from her anal ring up her spine. 

 Just when she had finished licking baldhead's second shoe shiny, the brown- haired guy's cum erupted from his cock flooding her bowels with his cream. 

 Now, it was time to reverse the roles. Satisfied, the brown-haired guest took a seat to get his sneakers cleaned while the other one stepped behind Vanessa. With her long black painted fingers, Vanessa pushed her ass cheeks together and apart several times to entice the guy even further. 

 Spreading her buttocks, her asshole opened up showing a nice round hole while her cunt gaped obscenely wide. Then she let her buttocks go again and her holes were covered by her ripe cheeky bum. 

 Her actions had the desired effect as it drove the guy totally wild. Vanessa only managed to spread her ass two times before he pistoned his cock inside. This time, it went smoothly in and Vanessa welcomed it with grunting noises. 

 Then she was pressed down onto the second pair of shoes she had to clean. His formerly white sneakers had turned almost grey over time. So she knew that a lot of work was waiting for her tongue. 

 Meanwhile, the bald guy was reaming through her asshole harder and harder rocking her body back and forth. This way, she only had to hold her tongue steady while it was drawn over the dirty sneaker by the force of the asspumping. 

 Vanessa was moaning uncontrolled around the shoe in her face making the other guests laugh at her. This only increased her humiliation further. 

 By now, she was so aroused from all the rude treatment that her cunt was running out and her juices were dripping down onto the dirty floor of the club. 

 Finally, the bald assfucker couldn't hold out any longer and added his jizz to the pool in her rectum. 

 Like a good slut, Vanessa cleaned her anal remnants off his cock. While getting some post-cum head, the guy noticed the pool her juices had formed on the floor. 

 "You dirty whore!" he exclaimed. "You soiled the ground." 

 Vanessa was enormously turned on at the moment. She had turned into a wild greedy animal starving for nasty perverse action. She didn't care how undignified her actions appeared. Right now, the pool of her juices looked incredibly inviting to her. 

 "Please Sir, let this dumb bitch clean up the mess she made!" she asked but didn't wait for an answer. 

 Instead, she pushed her face right onto the dirty ground greedily lapping up the entire sticky mass. 

 When she had finished, she thanked him for using such a whorish piece of fuckmeat before crawling to the next table. 

 There were two young guys sitting around it - one with black hair, the other one blonde. Again, she repeated the procedure kneeling in front of the black haired one while holding the leash out and asking him kindly. 

 "Please Sir, may this cheap whore serve you?" 

 After the degradation of having to lick dirty shoes clean, the word 'cheap' sounded far more honest by now. 

 The black haired guy was probably younger than Vanessa and dressed in popular young man fashion. 

 She really fucked any guy at random by now Vanessa realized looking into his young face. The days of pleasuring only wealthy influential business men felt like ages ago. 

 Of course, the guy was only waiting for her arrival so he made her turn around presenting her holes to him. Again, she had to kneel face down ass up while spreading her cheeks apart with her long black manicured fingers. Spunk was dripping out of her ass running down her legs. The guy scooped the spunk up with his finger and held his hand in front of Vanessa. 

 She knew exactly what he wanted her to do. So she naughtily opened her mouth and licked his fingers clean. 

 He proceeded to dig his finger deep into her fucked butthole fishing any cum out of it and fed it to her. 

 With a yank on the leash, the young guy made Vanessa stand up and directed her backwards until she sat on his lap. At once, he squeezed the head of his big dick inside her asshole. 

 Easily, Vanessa slid down his cock. She quickly started riding up and down his shaft but the young bloke stopped her. 

 He thrust his arms under her legs from behind and pushed them up until they were pinned on each side of her head. This way, he literally folded her up. Then he pressed his arms against the back of her neck putting her into a full nelson hold and rendering her completely immobile. 

 In this position, Vanessa felt completely helpless and couldn't move a single muscle. Being so defenceless made her nervous at once. 

 Never question a punter's request. You're here to serve him! The voice in her head reappeared. 

 With her legs completely pinned back and her head pressed forward, the guy was able to move her around like a small package. Simultaneously, her cunt and asshole were on full display and easily accessible. 

 "Spread those cunt flaps, dogbitch!" he ordered. 

 Vanessa felt a sting of humiliation at the way he called her gorgeous pussy but followed his instruction without opposition. Her long black painted nails contrasted sharply with the precious pink flesh she revealed to the crowd. 

 "Yeah, give the filthy scumwhore an anal full nelson!" a guy at the bar rooted impatiently. 

 Urged on by the admiring shouts, the young bloke started jamming her asshole down onto his straining meat. With his handle on her head, he could easily move her up and down his shaft in rapid speed. 

 He even increased the anal onslaught by pushing her asshole off his dick till his cockhead was all remaining inside. Then he rammed his hips towards her while forcefully pushing her ass chute back onto his shaft. This way, he let Vanessa feel his entire length with every thrust. 

 He reamed her asshole incredibly hard implanting his meat deep inside her bowels. Every thrust into her rectum impacted hard making her ass cheeks jiggle and her anal ring quiver. 

 Vanessa could do nothing else than moan from the anal assault and hold her precious pink cunt open for the crowd to look inside. 

 This was the most brutal ass fucking position Vanessa had ever endured and she felt her asshole getting turned into raw meat. 

 Every once in a while, the young bloke pushed her completely off his dick and presented her gaping asshole to the crowd. 

 Every time, she -- or rather her wide open asshole - received comments of astonishment. 

 "Wow, look at that hollow ass pipe!" 

 "Man, that gaping hole is fucking beaming at us!" 

 "That shitter is hanging open like a tired hound dog's mouth!" 

 And every time, the young bloke received encouraging cheers. 

 "Yeah, stretch that whore-ass open!" 

 "Wreck the bitch's shitter for good." 

 After he had repeated showing her gaping ass off to the crowd at least four times, he couldn't hold out any longer. With a final hard thrust up her bum, he shot stream after stream of hot burning cum deep into her bowels. 

 When he let her legs go, she got off his lap and turned around. Standing in front of him, she spread her legs wide and lowered herself down until her mouth reached his smeared dick. 

 While she proceeded to lick him clean, all the guys in the club got a great view of her open asshole. Cum was running out of it dripping down onto her pink pussy. Between her spread legs, her big fat tits were on full display hanging down her chest. And they could clearly see the silver rings dangling off of her fat fucktits. 

 One more time, she lowered herself onto her hands and knees and turned to the blond young guy at the table. Then she repeated the procedure of asking if he had any use for her whorish holes. 

 "Show me that whore holes!" he simply ordered making her turn around. 

 "These holes are all worn out!" he commented running his finger along the wrinkled edges of her stretched anal ring. "You're useless!" 

 This remark brought tears to Vanessa's eyes. This couldn't be! She needed to be a good whore for him! She needed to pass Pavone's try-out. She could please any man! 

 "Please, Sir!" she begged him. "I'll do anything for you." 

 "Hmmm, maybe he can lend me a helping hand." the guy considered a possibility while looking at the young bloke that had just wrecked Vanessa's ass. 

 "Of course, I can!" the young bloke answered eager to defile the slut some more. 

 Vanessa was so grateful, she almost jumped at the blond guy to hug and kiss him. But he prevented her from doing so by giving her a new instruction. 

 "Turn around and sit down on my cock!" 

 Immediately, Vanessa hurried to lower her asshole onto his cock. She could feel that he had a large member filling her ass chute. 

 Then the guy recreated the full nelson position the black haired bloke had fucked her in before. Again, she was rendered totally immobile. Only this time, he wanted her to grab the heels of her black leather boots instead of spreading her 'cunt flaps'. 

 At once, he began forcefully pushing her ass up and down his shaft while pistoning his raging cock up her bowels from below. 

 "C'mon!" he egged the other bloke on. "Fill the other hole! Let's tighten that used ass back up" 

 Following his command, the black haired guy didn't hesitate for long. Instead, he pushed four fingers into her cunt. Between her moans, Vanessa gasped from the sudden intrusion into her snatch. Still, the four fingers went in smoothly. Turning and twisting his hand for a while, the guy finally drove his entire fist home. 

 Vanessa let out another deep grunt coming from far within. The anal assault had already created warm lustful arousal inside of her. But when the guy filled her cunt and fucked his fist into it, ecstatic waves of orgasmic energy ripped through her body. She felt so wonderfully stuffed that she could only moan out her pleasure. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 11 ****** byCathartico© With the fist in Vanessa's cunt tightening her ass back up, the blonde guy even started plowing her asshole harder than before. He was truly amazed at this beautiful fuckslut who enjoyed such a brutal assfuck even while a fist was up her cunt! 

 As her anal fuckhole was now tightened up again, the blond guy couldn't hold out very long. With a roar his cock exploded dumping his load inside her ass coating its walls with his syrupy cream. 

 Once again, Vanessa hopped of his dick and licked his cock clean in standing position to give the other guests a great view of her goods. Her entire mouth was filled with her anal flavour by now. But she didn't mind anymore. It was a part of being a whore and she wanted to be the best fuckwhore for these men! 

 When she had properly thanked the young blokes, she finally had worked off all tables. She felt totally exhausted and her holes were already sore. But she knew it was time to take on the bar. 

 When she reached the long counter, she looked submissively up at the line of guys sitting on their bar stools. Repeating her gesture of presenting the leash with her extended hands, she asked them the one question that was slowly burning itself into her mind. 

 "May this cheap whore serve you?" 

 And by now, she meant every word of the question as honest as possible. 

 The first guy in the row laughed at her and said 

 "Good performance bitch. Guess we gonna pull a train on your ass." 

 Vanessa felt her heart skip a beat. Her ass was so sore! She didn't know if she could take more fucking up her asshole. She had hoped to get away with simply sucking them off. 

 Instead, the first guy pulled her up onto a free bar stool and placed her on it. Sitting on the stool, she had to lean her upper body forward so that her cheeky buttocks were shown off in all its glory. Her ripe curvy cheeks winked enticingly at the guys. 

 Vanessa had to reach back and spread those cheeks for them. The silver bracelets and long black painted manicured fingernails highlighted the beauty of her apple bottom. After the pounding she had received by the four predecessors, her ass already revealed the telltale signs of tear and wear. 

 Arching her back, her big fat fucktits with the silver tit rings were pressed forward getting shown off at its best. 

 Then she felt the first cock entering her fucked-open asshole. The guy didn't even try to start slow burying his tool to the hilt down her ass chute. A gasp escaped Vanessa's mouth when his balls hit against her pussy. 

 The guy started pumping away at her asshole in such a vigorous way that her big tits started jiggling like madly. 

 "Look at those tit rings!" one of the man commented at the silver jewelry wriggling wildly up and down. "The perfect decoration for such a filthy fuckslut!" 

 Vanessa started panting when the thrusts intensified even more. Her poor asshole was getting sore by now. But right now, she only felt the delight it sent up her spine. 

 With every minute the guy rammed her anal chute for good, she got closer to the edge of another orgasm. But before she reached the next ecstatic high, the guy's dick was suddenly gone. 

 No sooner had he pulled out, the next guy thrust his cock through her worn-out anal ring. He was a bit smaller than the first one so he quickly pushed out of her again remarking 

 "We need to tighten that used hole up." 

 Vanessa almost expected another fist to enter her cunt. But then she felt coldness on her ass. At first she was too startled to realize what was happening. 

 But it was getting colder and colder. The man had taken one of the cylindrical ice cubes out of a tray standing on the counter. Now, he ran it around her swollen anal ring. 

 Suddenly, he pushed the ice cold cube directly inside her asshole. Vanessa howled when the piece of ice travelled down her colon. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!" 

 She felt like freezing from the inside. The coldness was mind-numbing. 

 Her bottom wriggled around on the bar stool. But she didn't have any time to adjust to this new sensation as the guy had immediately followed the ice cube with his dick. He proceeded to ram her ass for several strokes before he pulled out again. 

 And took another ice cube! 

 Again, he pushed it deep inside her ass shoving his cock inside just behind. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh! ... Ooohhh! ... Aaahhh!" 

 Vanessa howled and winced and groaned like a wild animal. She was screaming so much that tears started running down her cheeks. 

 The cold was agonizing but still the assfucking brought waves of pleasure. She was in a merciless up and down of delight and pain. And once again, her lust was taken to another height. 

 The guy set up a rhythm of plowing her asshole, pulling out and gaping her ass wide before he pushed another ice cube inside and hammered his cock back in. 

 Vanessa couldn't keep her hands on her buttocks anymore. Her arms helplessly jerked through the air while she wriggled around on the stool with her bottom. 

 Finally, the guy pulled out. Walking away, he gave her ass a final slap and told the next guy 

 "That shit really tightens the whore-ass up. Gotta try it, man!" 

 Vanessa wanted to scream "NO". But before she could utter the word, the next guy had rammed his cock into her sore asshole balls deep. 

 "Oooaaahhh! was all coming over her lips instead. 

 For the next ten minutes the guy simply repeated what his predecessor had started. Pumping her ass, gaping it, pushing an ice cube inside and plowing it some more. 

 "Yaaahhh! ... Aaarrrggghhh! ... Ooohhh! ... Aaahhh! ... Yaaahhh! ... Aaarrrggghhh!" 

 Vanessa howled and grunted and winced and groaned. Her anal ring felt on fire while her bowels felt like freezing. With pleasure and pain blending into another ecstatic feeling, she was getting overwhelmed. 

 Suddenly -- just as the guys before - the man was gone. He simply left her asshole hanging wide open for the next guy to use. 

 Vanessa started wondering why none of them was cumming inside her ass or filling her mouth with their seed. She didn't have lots of time to ponder this question though as the next man stepped behind her. 

 Before he plunged his tool inside her backdoor, he told Mark 

 "I want that fucking bitch to keep still!" 

 Following his words, he pushed Vanessa off the bar stool and made her bent over it. Mark then took her arms and cuffed them to the lower bar rail with the cuffs she had gotten to know so well this night. 

 No sooner had he closed the cuffs, the guy crammed his tool deep inside Vanessa's anal hole. By now, her poor ass had taken so many poundings that it was swollen and glowing bright red. 

 At least, the melted water started squishing out of her anal hole with every thrust. So the cold liquid soothed her painfully puckered anal ring. Her asshole was sore but got eased by the water while prickling sensations were running up and down her spine. 

 After hammering away at her backdoor for more than 10 minutes, the guy simply went away before shooting his load. A second later, the next man was over her. 

 "What a fucking crater!" he commented showing her wide open asshole off to the rest of the guys. 

 Then he slammed his cock home and of course continued stuffing ice cubes inside. 

 Eventually, all 16 men got their turn on Vanessa's poor little ass. As her asshole tightened every time an ice cube was shoved inside, it became kind of the party trick for them. 

 All the time, she was groaning and grunting in between her screams and whales as her body was taken on a blissful rollercoaster ride. 

 When the final guy reamed through her abused shithole, she finally had another orgasm that almost threw her off the bar stool. 

 A whore should get off anything her johns are graciously dishing out at her! Echoed inside her head while the orgasm shook her to the bone. 

 All Vanessa knew by now was that she not only loved getting degraded. She loved the mixture of pleasure and pain. She needed it! She literally yearned for it! And she knew that she would get lots of it working in this sleazy strip club. 

 When all guys had blown their load, Vanessa hung limply over the bar stool. Her beaten asshole hung open like a mouth screaming to be fed and wouldn't close no more. 

 Mark took off her cuffs but Vanessa barely managed to stand. She knew she wouldn't be able to sit for a weak on her sore ass when she stumbled to the bar leaning against it to keep herself steady. 

 Before she could catch a breath, Pavone stepped up to her. Pointing to the floor, he told her 

 "Seems like they loved your performance! They even left a present for you!" 

 At first, Vanessa didn't understand what he was talking about. But then she followed his finger with her eyes. 

 What she saw made her gape in awe. 

 She was looking right at a dog bowl placed on the ground a few feet in front of her. It was a red plastic feeding bowl filled with white sticky cream. All 16 men must have gathered their loads in that dish and now it was filled to the rim. 

 Instantly, she was shivering from disgust. The gooey pasty mass looked incredibly revolting. 

 Looking from guest to guest Vanessa could read in their eyes what they were waiting for. Still, she was hesitating. The white pool looked too gross. 

 Then she saw two guys shaking hands. They were betting if she would do it! 

 "I've never seen a whore do something that filthy! No matter how much you pay!" she heard one of them comment. 

 And the whore inside of her came back to life. She was totally exhausted and worn out but she was still on a mission. A mission to prove that she was the perfect whore! 

 Without thinking about it any further, she sank onto her knees and crawled to the dog bowl -- a dogbitch on her way to get fed. 

 Vanessa knew how much she could amaze these men by acting like the dirtiest fuckslut and completing the most perverted ordeals they could think of. 

 For an outside watcher, it must look like they were robbing her of any dignity. But this was what she was craving for. This was giving her the kick she needed. She was getting admired by men for being the only woman to ever fulfil their most depraved dreams. 

 Reaching the bowl, she was dead set on giving the guests a final big show. A show they would never forget. So she held her face right over the cheap plastic feeding dish. She could smell the huge slimy mass of cum. 

 With her face right above, she could take a detailed look at the pool of jizz. It was like an enormous clew of pasty viscid white strings. They were so gluey that they clung to the bowl. 

 She was swallowing dryly in an attempt to pitch down the revulsion rising up her throat. It looked so vile and sickening. 

 But right now, she wanted to pass Pavone's try-out. She wanted to give the guests a show. So she needed to overcome her endless disgust. 

 Looking back up to the men, she provokingly raised an eyebrow while she slowly pushed out her tongue. 

 Before she was able to make a show of lapping up the pasty cum though, action was taken into another direction. 

 Out of the blue, a hand grabbed the back of her head and dunked it inside the revolting mass of spunk. Pavone had gotten impatient once again. 

 Vanessa was so surprised that she simply squealed out loud. Her arms were helplessly fluttering though the air while she was kicking out with her legs. It was a sight of a completely defenceless beauty getting defiled that caused the guys to break out in dirty laughter. 

 "The little scumwhore must be so proud of herself now!" 

 "Feed the princess the meal she deserves!" 

 "Yeah, wipe the arrogance off her slutface!" 

 The guys couldn't stop shouting obscenities at her in between their laughter. All the while, Pavone was taking great pleasure in dragging her face all through the dog bowl till her entire face was drenched with goo. 

 Surprisingly, the dirty laughs and humiliating swears were making Vanessa proud. It was the clear sign that the men loved her show. 

 Eventually, Pavone let her face go. Gasping loudly, Vanessa came back up sticky white streams of seed hanging off her face. 

 Her entire face was a complete mess with tearstained eyes, run mascara and a full cum-glazing. Even her eyes were shut with jizz. She looked totally spent. 

 "Open, fucking whore!" she suddenly heard Pavone say. 

 Vanessa barely had a chance to open her mouth wide before Pavone tipped over the bowl letting the load of cum slowly slide out of it. 

 It was so sticky that it pulled a long nasty string all from the plastic dish to her lips. When the pasty mass touched her mouth, Vanessa involuntarily cringed. 

 She had to force herself to keep her mouth open while more and more goo slid into it. Her mouth was slowly getting filled up. 

 Finally, her mouth was overflowing with thick stringy cum and the remnants of spunk dripped down onto her heavy knockers. 

 Vanessa felt like drowning in a seed of glue. Still, the guys wanted her to blow bubbles with it before she was eventually allowed to swallow. 

 She felt the gooey thick mass in her mouth. It was a huge load but she had to get it down. Tilting her had back, she gulped and immediately choked. It was too much. It was too sticky. 

 The little bit she had been able to gulp down came instantly back up. 

 A pained expression appeared on her face making the guys laugh again. 

 "Oh, little hoe is overwhelmed!" they mocked her. "Not the dirty slut she thinks to be!" 

 These words brought Vanessa's will back up. Again, she tilted her head back and swallowed and swallowed and swallowed. Her throat muscles were working hard to get the entire revolting mass down and keep it right there. 

 Finally opening her mouth, she showed her empty mouth to the crowd. The entire pool of cum was gone. 

 And the guys were silenced. 

 As an answer though, her stomach growled at her. Over the night, Vanessa had eaten more than 40 loads of cum and drunken a bellyful of Pavone's rancid piss. Her belly was rightfully crumbling. 

 Still, her initiation was over. 

 But then Pavone stepped up to her again. 

 "Wow, whore! Well done! You truly worked your ass off!" he chuckled. "You passed the initiation!" 

 And the entire group of men began clapping and applauding. 

 Scraping cum off her eyes, Vanessa looked around and saw all guys smiling at her. She felt pride well up inside of her. She had never felt so proud before. 

 It didn't even register in her mind that there was no elegant lady left right now. Even the voice representing her lady-ego was long gone. 

 She had just been fucked senseless like the lowest whore and got all her holes used by random men. This had left only one self inside of her at the moment - - the one of an ordinary whore. And for a whore she had succeeded in her job with flying colours! 

 Without thinking, she suddenly exclaimed 

 "Thank you for turning this arrogant bitch into a full-blown piece of shit whore!" 

 And then, exhaustion took its toll as she simply fell asleep right there and then. A naked red-head with her face in a plastic dog bowl sleeping on the ground of a sleazy strip club. The club that had become her new working place today. 

 To be continued??? 

 ***Give me some comments and ideas if you want more. Feedback is always appreciated *** Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 12 ****** byCathartico© A woman was fast asleep. But she wasn't at home in her bed. She was lying on the dirty ground of a sleazy strip club. And she was bare naked. 

 She didn't even notice a guy picking her up and bringing her back to her apartment. 

 When Vanessa awoke, she was lying on her bed with the sun shining bright outside. She was still totally naked except for her black stiletto boots and stockings. Mark had simply thrown her onto her bed and left her there for the rest of the night. 

 Her initiation into the 'Red Rose Club' was over. She had passed with flying colours and now she was Pavone's whore. 

 With a shudder the word 'whore' echoed through Vanessa's head. The events in the strip club seemed like a distant dream. She couldn't even remember all the details. All left back from that particular night was a warm pleasant feeling although every muscle in her body felt sore and her raw sphincter told the story of last night's anal excess. 

 With every bone aching, she crawled out of the bed and into the bath. There she remained in the bathtub for more than an hour. Her sore body simply needed that time and care. 

 While sitting in the hot water, memories of the past night replayed in Vanessa's mind over and over again. She had done the most perverted things she could imagine. She had been degraded beyond belief. She had gotten to feel pain. She had been treated like the lowest whore. 

 But thinking about it, the only feelings left were pleasure and joy. In retrospection, she had to admit that she had loved it all. 

 While these pictures reran in front of her inner eye, she unconsciously ran her hands over her smooth tanned skin. Only her big full tits were poking out of the water glisten wetly. 

 Then she started playing with her new silver nipple rings. She pulled her fingers through the rings and pulled on them. Then she gripped them with the long black painted fingernails of her thumb and index finger and twisted them around. This caused a whole new sensation in her tits. 

 While her breathing got heavier, one hand roamed to her cunt playing with her pussy rings while the other one remained pulling on her nipple rings. Just when she pictured herself kneeling in front of Pavone and drinking his piss, she came. 

 Vanessa couldn't recount how many times she had cum last night. The entire initiation felt like a never ending orgiastic bliss to her. 

 By now, she knew with certainty that she got off getting used and humiliated by men. She didn't know where it was coming from and honestly she didn't really care. All she knew was that she was hooked on it. She needed more of it! 

 To her amazement, she had truly felt like an ordinary whore - Pavone's cheap whore. And she had wallowed in this realization as it had turned her on even more. 

 Back last night, she had loved acting as a vulgar whore in the strip club and the men had loved her performance. It had been the biggest self-degradation Vanessa could think of and it had aroused her immensely. But it had all been one big blur of tremendous excitement. She hadn't acted rationally. 

 Right now sitting in the hot tub, she wasn't so sure if she really liked the consequences that much. Instead, a big lump of anxiety formed in her throat in regard to her new profession. 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to further explore her feelings about her new occupation, her cell phone rang. It was one of her girlfriends from the country club inviting her to a shopping tour. 

 When she hung up, it was suddenly back -- her lady-ego. It was ready to eclipse her anxiety. And Vanessa was more than willing to forget about her pending future. By the second, Pavone's whore seemed miles away. The call had been enough to suppress her slut-self for the moment. 

 Miss Arrogance hadn't disappeared yet. Right now, she needed the admiration as posh ice-queen more than ever before. No one could take her lady-image away from her -- neither Pavone nor Stanton nor Mark! She wasn't willing to let it go. She needed to feel like the bitchy ice-queen every man was yearning for. She needed to feel like a ditzy chick chit-chatting with her girlfriends. 

 Of course, she had a watchdog now with Mark staying at her side. But she would find a way to get out of his sight. And that was exactly where she started that day. 

 After soothing in the bath for a long time, she finally got dressed and walked into the living room. There, Mark informed her that she had the weekend off to recover. This came in handy for Vanessa as she told Mark that she needed to run some errands. 

 Of course, Mark insisted on escorting her. But Vanessa knew very well how to get on his nerves. She could be an excellent pain in the ass. 

 With Mark in her tow, she went to the hairdresser first and stayed there for two hours. Then she added a visit to the manicure. 

 After these hours, Mark was a bundle of nerves. Nevertheless, she increased his anger some more by adding a shopping trip to the mall for another few hours. 

 The next day, she told Mark that she had some more errands to run and asked him if he'd like to come along again. She had been successful in scaring him away though. He needed some recovery from the last shopping binge so he simply told her to call him every hour and stayed on the couch. 

 This time, Vanessa took a different route heading straight to the country club. There she met her best friend who instantly informed her of the newest gossip. While she was chatting with her friend, a young man watched her not being able to tear his eyes off of her. After more than an hour, he finally worked up his courage and approached her. 

 He turned out to be a young physician that had just moved to the city. And he had taken a real liking to her which wasn't too hard considering the way she looked. In Vanessa's head though, an idea formed and she willingly said yes when he asked her for a date. 

 Time in the country club had flown so she needed to get back home if she didn't want Mark to get suspicious. 

 --- 

 Finally, it was Sunday. The last day before her new job was about to begin. Slowly, Vanessa was getting nervous. Thoughts and ideas about working as a hooker started running wild inside her head. 

 But then shortly after noon, something unexpected happened. The doorbell rang. As Mark wasn't expecting any friends to come over, Vanessa opened the door. 

 And right in front of her stood Miller. 

 Without waiting for an invitation, he stepped inside and slapped Vanessa on the butt. 

 "Thought, you'd never see us again?" he commented sarcastically when he saw the dumbfounded look on her face. "Can't let such a hot piece of ass get away that easily!" 

 "Don't worry, you won't get rid of us!" he continued. "Just 'cause you're working elsewhere nowadays doesn't mean we won't tap that sweet ass no more!" 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to deal with this news, Miller asked 

 What d'you think about a little trip to the country club?" 

 For a second, Vanessa was too astonished to respond. Seeing Miller on her doorstep had been a total surprise. Somehow, it was a pleasant surprise for her, an affirmation that she had been the perfect office slut. They just couldn't get enough of her. 

 Her happiness was tainted when he mentioned the country club though. Of course, she wanted to visit the club! But not as Miller's little slut! She clearly remembered what Pavone and Miller had put her through during their last trip there. 

 It had almost ruined her lady-image. She didn't want to put her reputation on the line again. She needed her lady-ego as the ice queen in compensation to her role as cheap hooker in the strip club! 

 "I even got a little present for you!" Miller startled her out of her thoughts holding a plastic bag in front of her eyes. 

 Hesitantly, Vanessa took the bag and looked inside. Then she pulled out two tiny pieces of red fabric. 

 It was a bathing suit! But not just some average one but an extraordinary bikini. 

 "Put it on!" Miller impatiently told her when Vanessa held the expensive clothing in her hands too astonished to move. 

 She had become so used to being naked in front of Mark and Miller that she simply dropped her clothes to the floor and slipped into the bikini. It fit her like a glove. 

 The g-string bottom consisted of a small triangle that barely covered her pussy and a string that framed each buttock emphasising its luscious curves and leaving her ass cheeks completely open to the view. 

 The top was just as tiny. Two small triangles covered her plump tits. 'Covering' was an exaggeration though as almost everything remained uncovered except for her nipples. It definitely left little to the imagination. 

 The extraordinary parts of the bikini were the silver applications. The top was held together by a silver ring just between her two flesh-globes. Two more rings were keeping the bottom together at the sides. 

 Looking from Mark to Miller, Vanessa instantly knew that the bright red acted like a signal colour drawing everyone's gaze to her amazing curves. 

 "Just keep it on and slip over a dress. It's time to get going!" Miller told her when he was able to tear his eyes off her breath-taking figure. 

 With her heart beating in her throat, she turned around and walked into the sleeping room. Even if she visited the club with Miller, she had to keep up her image as a posh lady. As it was a Sunday, chances of meeting one of her girlfriends were very high. 

 So she put on a white summer dress that hugged her curves and nicely contrasted with her tanned long legs. She adorned her wrists and neck with expensive jewelry and slipped into 6" stiletto heels. Finally, she put some big sunglasses onto her nose. 

 Looking into the mirror, she saw a perfect picture of a trophy wife - the role that was simply made for her. 

 When they arrived at the club, Vanessa started her usual routine. Entering the building, they had to pass a security guard. Vanessa always made a point of looking the guard over from head to toe with the most arrogant expression she was able to put on and snorting derogatory. 

 Every time, he bristled with anger in response to this snotty bitch's behaviour. Still, he couldn't resist her beauty. He was never able to tear his eyes off her inviting curves as they stayed glued to her ass till she disappeared behind the club doors. 

 Vanessa loved playing with this guy. He disliked her but couldn't help lusting for her. And he would never get her as she was far too classy for him. 

 Right in the entrance hall, they met one of her best friends Maria. The two were like role models for any gossip girl and Maria instantly began informing Vanessa about the newest rumours floating around. 

 All the while, Miller remained standing next to her although he didn't participate in their conversation. Instead, Vanessa suddenly felt his hand roaming over her backside. Deeper and deeper his hand wandered until it finally rested on her buttocks. 

 She tried wriggling away from his hand without attracting her girlfriend's interest. But Miller simply proceeded stroking her ass cheeks through the flimsy fabric of her dress. 

 After some time, his hand suddenly slipped under her dress and pinched her bare cheek! For a second, the hem of her dress was pushed up exposing her naked buttocks. 

 "Aiiihhh - I know exactly what you're talking about." Vanessa almost cried out from surprise barely managing to finish her sentence. 

 Vanessa's heart was in her throat. She was right in the club! What if someone had seen it? 

 Her back was directly facing the lounge. What if someone was sitting inside? 

 As casually as possible, she threw a look over her shoulder to look inside the lounge. And her heart skipped a beat. 

 There was an old man sitting in an armchair with his eyes pointed right at her ass! He had a perfect view at her! He must have seen her bare ass in full detail! 

 It was all over! She would be thrown out of the club any second! How could she ever explain this indecency? 

 Before Vanessa could do anything though, Maria diverted her attention back to their conversation. Vanessa was forced to look at her again not being able to see what was going on behind her back. Her heart thumbed madly as she expected the senior guy to walk up to her and start cursing at her for her lewd behavior any second. 

 But nothing happened. Instead, Miller pushed her skirt up to present her apple bottom once again! And this time, he kept her ass exposed significantly longer. 

 Vanessa held her breath. She instantly turned quiet stopping her chatter with Maria and her gaze shot over her shoulder. The senior guy was still sitting at his place enjoying the beautiful sight of her cheeky ass. 

 Even worse, Maria was slowly getting suspicious. 

 "Everything OK?" she asked with a concerned tone in her voice. 

 This was getting out of hand. Vanessa didn't like what Miller was doing, she didn't like it a bit. 

 Hastily, she excused herself from Maria telling her she was a little tired and finished their chat. She definitely didn't want to give Miller more of a chance to disgrace her any further - especially not in the club. 

 When Maria was gone, she bored her blazing eyes into Miller's ready to slap his face or storm out of the room right there and then. 

 But instead, Miller put his arm around her waist and told her 

 "I want you to meet a friend of mine." 

 "No! You'll leave me alone." Vanessa protested freeing herself. "I'm not doing anything for you! You're not my boss here." 

 In response, Miller stopped and turned to her. This time, his eyes had a furious glint as he looked down at her and gripped her arm forcefully. 

 "Never tell ME what to do again!" he growled under his breath. "Guess I don't have to remind you of the deal you signed with us, do I? You're the one that owes us!" 

 "Now, better get going!" he continued. "Or d'you want me to expose those tits to your friend Maria?" 

 Vanessa didn't even hear his last threat anymore. She was getting too enraged about Miller's presumptuous way of treating her. Her temper was getting the better of her. 

 "You want me to throw a tantrum right here in the club?" she hissed back. "Guess such a scene wouldn't pan out that good for your firm!" 

 As soon as she had spat out those words, she knew that it had been a mistake. Challenging Miller was never a good idea. In fact, his face immediately turned into a cruel, stern mask and out of the blue his hand shot up to her neck. 

 "So you want me to drag you through the club on all fours like the dogbitch you really are?" he growled. "You wanna kneel in front of your posh club friends and tell them 'bout your profession?" 

 With his grip at Vanessa's neck, she was getting frightened. She wanted to object. She wanted to defy his hold. But his menacing behavior and daunting words had struck a chord inside of her. Looking into his eyes, she could see that he was very well capable of executing his threat. 

 "Haven't we been there before?" Miller asked in an annoyed tone. "This brainless skank can't learn a damn thing!" 

 "As long as your in the club with me, you're gonna do exactly what I tell you to!" Miller continued clarifying his position. "Did I make it clear enough for a little dumb whore like you are?" 

 In defeat, she hung her head with her gaze on the ground and nodded meekly. There was no way for her to get out of this situation. She had to play along. 

 Not offering any further resistance, Miller led her directly to the old man sitting in the lounge. 

 With every step she took towards the old man, her nervousness increased and her eyes grew wider in fear. Her outburst had been a mistake and she knew that Miller would make her feel it. This wouldn't end in a good way! 

 "This is Mr. Myers, one of our senior partners. He is retired nowadays enjoying his life. That's why you haven't met him in the office yet." he introduced the man. 

 Then he loudly introduced Vanessa. 

 "This is our office whore!" 

 For a moment, the world stood still for Vanessa. She had been awaiting a lot of things but this loud exclamation shocked her to the bone. 

 Had she understood his words correctly? Had he just called her office whore for everyone to hear? 

 "What did I just hear! Could you repeat it please" a voice suddenly exclaimed from behind. 

 Vanessa wanted the ground to swallow her up. She wasn't able to move for several seconds. She wanted to be any place else. 

 She had to force herself to look around and doing so goosebumps covered her entire body. 

 Then she saw Stanton walking up to them. From sheer nervousness, she hadn't even recognized his voice from the distance. 

 Feverishly looking further around the lounge, she could see no one else. He was the only one who had heard Miller's words. 

 Vanessa was relieved beyond belief letting out a deep sigh. But only for a tiny moment! As long as she was in the club with Miller, the danger was imminent. She was already anticipating his next malice. 

 Instantly, her nervousness rose back up making her heart beat at a rapid pace. The day was far from over. Today wouldn't get boring anytime soon. And this prospect still didn't appeal to her at all. 

 Stanton and Miller took place next to Myers and started talking. They didn't pay the slightest attention to Vanessa anymore. She was simply left standing right there in front of them. 

 For several minutes, they didn't say a single word to her. She felt completely left out. She was simply window-dressing. Eye-candy for Myers that was not worthy to participate in their conversation. 

 This was a worse punishment than any disgrace she had been expecting of Miller. Slowly another feeling grew inside Vanessa. This was the situation she hated the most - when she was reduced to insignificance. 

 The fact that she was standing in the middle of the country club only made matters worse. She was the most beautiful woman in the entire club! She was a classy and elegant lady! 

 She was used to being the center of attention! The male club members usually hung on her lips courting her all the time! She couldn't stand not being paid regard. 

 The anger of being disregarded grew. Normally, she would be making a scene behaving like a drama queen right there and then. But after her last outburst, she contained herself. One could never know what Miller and Stanton were capable of. 

 Biting her tongue, she remained calm and used the time to check out Myers. He wore a very expansive suit and had the aura of an old wise man everyone called on for advice. Still, this couldn't hide the fact that he was really old. 

 He was well in his 70s with sparse white hair and extremely wrinkly skin. There were age marks covering his hands. He had a belly but for his age he seemed to be in pretty good shape. Overall, he looked like a typical senior. 

 By any means, Vanessa couldn't picture herself ever touching such an old man. This thought surprised even herself considering all the guys she had fucked over the course of the last months. 

 This man could be her grandfather! In her mind, she couldn't come up with a picture of her creamy smooth skin pressed against his wrinkly hairy body. It only caused a shudder to run down Vanessa's spine. This seemed too much of an insuperable taboo. 

 Time seemed to drag on endlessly until Miller told the group 

 "I think our little whore got a surprise she wants to show us! So why don't we go to the pool?" 

 Again, Miller used the word 'whore' loud and clear. And once again, Vanessa's heart skipped a beat. One more time, her head shot around searching for any suspicious audience. Luckily, the lounge was still empty. As it was holiday time, lots of club members were on vacation with their families. 

 Surprisingly, her anxiety of being called a whore was mixed with another feeling this time. She felt some strange gratitude. They were taking notice of her again! 

 Somehow, these feelings started running wild inside Vanessa. She still wanted to get out of the country club as fast as possible. She felt like she couldn't stand the gnawing nervousness any longer. But she also had to win back their attention! She needed to prove what a great reliable slut she was. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 12 ****** byCathartico© Of course, Stanton and Myers wanted to check out the surprise. From her club adventure with Miller and Pavone, Vanessa knew to well that there was no chance to get out of this risky situation before Miller was getting bored with his playtoy. 

 Gulping down her fear, she hesitantly looked from one lawyer to the other. 

 "The whore seems a bit shy!" Myers remarked. 

 Vanessa didn't even notice the word 'whore' anymore. Instead, she only heard the disappointment in his voice. And this got her going. 

 Finally, she led the way to the pool area with the three guys following close behind their eyes glued to her shaking bum. 

 The pool was a large basin built like a small lagoon. At the right side, a lawn lined with trees was used as sunbathing area. At the left side, a wellness area with several Jacuzzis and lounge chairs had been built interspersed with palms offering a little privacy. There was even a small cocktail bar at the side of the wellness area. 

 Just like in the club house, the pool area was pretty quiet today. There were only two women sunbathing on the lawn. To Vanessa's relief, none of her close friends was among them. They didn't belong to the 'Trophy Wife Club' Vanessa liked to call her clique. 

 Hastily, Stanton, Miller and Myers undressed to their trunks and took place in their lounge chairs. Vanessa waited until they were seated before she slowly started wriggling her delicate body out of her dress as gracefully and as alluringly as possible. 

 She didn't want to call the women's attention. But at the same time, she knew very well what the guys wanted to see. And anything that got her out of their company was fine with her. The more she played along teasing them, the sooner they would be satisfied. 

 Besides, Miller had bought such a precious bikini - just for her. As acknowledgement of her gratitude, she felt the need to present it as enticingly as possible. She couldn't disappoint them. She had to use the moment she was the center of their attention. 

 Before Vanessa had finished this thought process, she had already started turning a pirouette to give the guys a good look from every angle. And it definitely was a stunning view they were treated to. The red bikini perfectly emphasized her long auburn hair. The tiny fabric let her lascivious curves appear in an ideal light. 

 She started running her fine French-manicured hands seductively over the smooth tanned skin of her tight belly. Once again, she could see the lust in their eyes. And involuntarily, a smile appeared on her face. 

 "Nice tattoo!" Myers suddenly called out. 

 And the smile was gone. Vanessa was caught totally off guard. 

 Her tattoos! 

 She hadn't thought about her tattoos at all yet. They were just too new! 

 Looking down herself, she could clearly see the black ring of flames around her bellybutton with the white "Trailer Trash Whore" tag. And instantly, her right hand rushed up in an attempt to cover the flame ring. 

 But she knew too well that the artsy 'Queeny Ho' tramp stamp was also prominently displayed on her lower back. 

 With a sigh, she noticed that her most obvious whore-mark was hidden beneath the bikini bottom. At least, the 'Property of Pavone' stamp wasn't visible. 

 But this realization didn't really help to calm down her dreadful nervousness. It had her back in its tight grip. She knew too well that her lady image didn't go too well with some slutty body ink. 

 Her gratitude was gone and she was dead set on getting this little fashion show over as fast as possible before she ran into any member of the 'Trophy Wife Club'. 

 Then she noticed something else. And her nervousness increased another notch. Her nipple rings prominently stood out under the red fabric of her tiny bikini top! It was clearly evident that she was decorated like an easy slut. 

 Vanessa could almost hear the rumours floating around if one of her friends saw her dressed like that. Her head started spinning from all the nasty talk that would start. She couldn't let this happen - ever. 

 "Could you tell me what it reads?" Myers suddenly asked her. 

 Vanessa was too stunned to react at first. He was playing with her! 

 Hastily, her eyes roamed from Stanton to Miller and back. Their looks clearly told her what she had to do. They wanted to see how she embarrassed herself right there at the pool area of the country club. 

 They could clearly see her nervousness and used it to tease her. They knew exactly what was at stakes for her and it made them enjoy the teasing even more! 

 Vanessa broke out in a cold sweat. She couldn't move even less say a single word! 

 They had already called her a whore for everyone to hear today. She didn't want them to read her tags out aloud! 

 She had to keep as much control over the situation as she could. Bringing up all her will-power, she gulped down her fear. 

 "trailer trash whore" she whispered. 

 "Sorry, I'm an old man." Myers responded. "I couldn't hear you." 

 Vanessa's heart was close to exploding. Her legs were trembling like mad. Nervously, she looked over to the two women. They seemed engrossed in their chat. But they were close enough to hear every word. 

 As fast as she could, she pressed out the words. 

 "TrailerTrashWhore" 

 Total silence on the lawn was the reaction to her shout. Her voice had been loud enough for everyone to hear. Vanessa's gaze hastily shot back to the women. 

 They were looking over to her. They were giving her a quizzical look. 

 But when Vanessa forced a smile back at them, they turned their attention back to their discussion. They had just heard her screaming but hadn't been able to make out the words. At least, Vanessa hoped so. 

 She calmed down a tiny bit although her heart wouldn't stop thumping in overdrive. But then she was hit by a new revelation. 

 Her pussy was throbbing! 

 She almost groaned out loud. Out of despair or out of excitement, she couldn't tell. But there was no mistaken that her body was enjoying this ruthless teasing and endless humiliation. 

 "Guess we all need some cooling." Stanton drew Vanessa's attention back to the lawyers. "Let's take a swim!" 

 This wasn't a bad idea as Vanessa would be able to get out of the open daylight. So she followed Myers and Stanton while Miller remained behind. 

 Reaching the pool, Vanessa could see three people - two guys and a woman - taking a swim. 

 Knowing Stanton, she only hoped they would leave soon. 

 The pool was built in a way that the bottom sloped down getting deeper and deeper. At one side, one was able to stand with the water only reaching up to the shoulders. Stanton and Miller stayed at this shallow side leaning their backs against the pool wall. 

 To set her mind off her nervousness, Vanessa did several laps until she was ready for a pause and swam back to the two lawyers. 

 Reaching them, Stanton greeted her with a new idea. 

 "Why don't you prove our senior partner that your body feels as good as it looks?" 

 Vanessa knew that this was no question but an order. Still, she hesitated. 

 They were not alone in the pool! What if she attracted the swimmers attention? What if someone else walked by? 

 She looked at Stanton and only saw a grim expression telling her that she better followed their instruction or else they would end her days as the ice- queen of the country club. 

 Throwing a look over her shoulder, she could see the three club members still doing their laps on the other side of the pool. All they could see was her back. They wouldn't be able to tell what she would be doing with Myers. 

 This was the best chance she could get to fulfil the command. Still, she was shaking madly. She was so incredibly nervous! 

 Even worse, they demanded her to degrade herself even further than ever before! It was such a filthy thought to touch the wrinkled body of an old grandpa. It made her shake in disgust. 

 But on the other hand, it was so perverse. She had done so many dirty lewd things in the last year. She had fucked the ugly fat waiter. She had been manhandled by some sleazebags in a trailer park. She had turned tricks in the shabby restrooms of a seedy bar. 

 Every time, she had been disgusted to the bone beforehand. But in the end, she had always enjoyed it immensely. Getting humiliated and rudely manhandled had taken her pleasure to another level shaking her to the core and leaving her craving for more. 

 She realized that the recapitulation of these events excited her. There was no denying that she was a slut that craved degrading rough sex -- a lady with a dark slutty side. 

 It had always been her ambition to be the perfect office whore. How could she ever call herself the perfect slut if she hadn't pleasured an old senior? 

 And now, she was standing right in front of such an old man. It seemed like the next logical step on her way to the top of slutdom. But it was such a taboo that she still couldn't bring herself to proceed. 

 "Are you certain that you brought your office whore along?" Myers suddenly asked Stanton. "Looks to me like an uptight useless secretary!" 

 His words hit Vanessa hard. She was the perfect office whore! She needed to disprove his dismissive remark! Out of a sudden, the need to prove her worth pushed her inhibitions to the background. 

 Slowly, she touched Myers' hairy chest running her fine French-manicured hand up and down the wrinkled skin. It felt so saggy. 

 Looking at Myers old face, she could see the flabby skin hanging down. But she could also make out the lust in his eyes. She was seducing a granddad. A young beautiful woman provoking an old wrinkly man, it was so perverse. 

 Seductively, her hands went to her throat. Softly, her fingertips touched the skin of her throat. Then she let them slide down her chest until they reached her big bust. Each hand went to one ripe melon until they covered her full juggs. She flicked her thumbs over her nipples. 

 "A true nympho could do better!" Myers rubbed salt into Vanessa's wound. 

 And instantly, Vanessa's hands roamed under her bikini top. She started pulling on her sensitive nipples and twisting the rings. 

 Her pulling and twisting got stronger and stronger and slowly her body responded. 

 "Show me those titties!" Myers ordered. 

 Vanessa looked deeply into his eyes. 

 Was she ready to expose her tits in the country club? Was she ready to handle the danger of being discovered? 

 Vanessa was still deadly afraid of getting caught by one of her girlfriends in the club! Her heart was in her mouth. But the feverish twisting of her nipples finally had its effect and she felt a warm fire flaring up in her loins. To her amazement, the anxiety only fuelled her excitement. The danger started arousing her! 

 Finally, she pulled the fabric to the sides and freed her plump funbags. Then she started giving her fat fucktits a thorough massage. She kneaded her heavy knockers so hard that the titflesh bulged through her fingers. 

 She slowly lost control. An orgasm was building up deep inside of her. The nervousness of getting caught, the fear of her lady-image being shattered but also the excitement of her public display and the degradation of being ordered around by an old man aroused her tremendously. 

 She moved closer to the senior partner until her uncovered tits pressed against his body. She moved up and down rubbing her big ripe melons along his hairy chest and wobbly belly. Getting tickled by his chest hair, her nipples turned hard like diamonds while the silver rings pressed into her soft titflesh adding another sensation to the mix. 

 Suddenly, she got all adventurous and kissed this grandpa fully on his lips surprising herself the most. 

 Out of the blue, a moan escaped her lips. Myers had pushed his hand between her legs and run it through her pussy. Then he pulled her bikini bottom to the side and drove his index finger right into her cunt. 

 Vanessa was shaking from the sudden intrusion. Her body reacted immediately. Her legs buckled in an attempt to bury as much of the intruder in her needy cunt as possible. 

 Another moan came over her lips. She had lost all of her self-control by now. Hastily, her tongue darted into the old man's mouth. She was French kissing a guy that could be her granddad! 

 The entire scenario was so depraved! It was so incredibly nasty! By now, Vanessa was even grateful for Myers' finger in her pussy. 

 Her body started humping his finger on its own. All the while, their lips were locked and their tongues dancing with each other. Then Myers pushed another finger into her steaming cunt. She could feel the orgasm building up. By now, the pleasure spread from her chore to every nerve of her body. Her cunt felt like it had been set on fire. 

 She couldn't believe that she was about to cum while kissing such an old guy. But she couldn't help it. She didn't need much more. She was almost there. 

 "Enjoying the swim?" she suddenly heard a voice behind her startling her to death. 

 The swimmers had finally discovered what was going on! They had been too careless! She had been caught! 

 Her heart stood still for a second. The final part of her old life as secretary was over -- forever! 

 The moment these thoughts hit her mind, her body impaled her cunt deep onto Myer's fingers and the levee broke. Like a flash of ecstasy, her orgasm hit her with full force making her entire body tremble. 

 She wanted to scream out her lust, she needed to grunt from delight. She couldn't suppress it anymore. It was too forceful. 

 When her mouth opened to release her lust, a hand suddenly appeared from behind covering her mouth. Thus, only some muffled noises came out. 

 It took more than a minute until her orgasm began subsiding. When Vanessa slowly came down from her high, the voice commented. 

 "Cumming right in public! If that ain't no true slut!" 

 Finally, she recognized the voice. It was Miller. He had joined them in the pool without her taking notice. 

 She hadn't been caught -- yet. And immediately, her stiff body relaxed. 

 "Don't be happy too fast!" Miller remarked though. "The show ain't over yet!" 

 Once again, Vanessa opened her mouth to protest. She barely retained her words keeping her temper down just in time. Miller's words about treating her like the dogslut she really was echoed inside her head. She couldn't risk angering him any further. 

 So she only looked at him with an open mouth and puzzled expression on her face. All she could see was Miller grinning from ear to ear. 

 Before Vanessa could ask what he was talking about, he suddenly held something in front of her eyes. 

 "What..." Vanessa stammered, once again totally caught by surprise. 

 At first, she didn't realize what the object dangling in front of her face really was. But as Miller expressively waved it in front of her face, she could clearly make it out. And at once, her resistance was back. 

 She only knew too well what Miller was planning. And her whole body was striving against this prospect. 

 Anal beads -- that's what it was - three large balls connected with a string. And he was holding it up for everyone to see! 

 At once, the anxiety of getting caught was back with full force attending her resistance. She had just been on a high and now she was falling into deepest disapproval. Her feelings were in a constant up and down tearing on her nerves. 

 

 Hastily, she pushed Miller's hand down afraid the swimmers might notice. 

 "Oh, you don't want them to see?" Miller asked mockingly throwing a look over his shoulder to the three club members. "Better start pushing them up that sweet little whore-ass before I let them join as spectators!" 

 Vanessa was fuming. Still, she quickly snatched the beads out of Miller's hand while she innerly doomed the motherfucker. She hated the way they were playing with her. 

 With the beads in her hand, she remained standing in the water for several seconds though. She didn't really know what to do without raising too much suspicion. And her mind still protested against this ordeal. 

 Impatiently, Stanton stepped forward. Turning Vanessa around, he pushed her forwards to the pool wall. He roughly shoved her upper body over the edge making her ass loom out of the water. 

 When her buttocks were up high in the air, he slapped her ass so hard that the water sprayed off her cheeks. 

 "Get going, whore!" he simply remarked. 

 The water dripped down the tight plump mounds of flesh that formed her curvy ass cheeks. The creamy skin glistened wetly. It was an extremely inviting sight. 

 Before Vanessa started her show, she threw a look over her shoulder. The three lawyers had positioned themselves behind her. This way, they had a perfect view at her curvy backside and somewhat blocked the gazes of the three swimmers. 

 They were literally drooling over the vision of delight they were treated to. Her body simply looked scrumptious. 

 Vanessa felt more than helpless. Here she was at the mercy of these fierce guys and she had to risk everything that mattered the most to her at their will. 

 Gritting her teeth, she reached back with one hand and spread her right buttock apart to present her crack. With the other hand, she ran the string of beads through her ass crack and over her dripping pussy lips. 

 Finally, she put the first ball against her tiny puckered asshole. Breathing in deeply, she braced herself for the coming intrusion. Then she started pushing. 

 She felt the hard plastic press against her small anal ring. The size of the beads was impressive. Although her asshole was used to getting stuffed by now, she could feel her sphincter fighting the big invader. Adding more pressure, her backdoor slowly widened until the ball popped inside. Immediately, her asshole closed back up over it. 

 This turned out harder than imagined. So she closed her eyes to completely concentrate at the task. 

 To give herself a little recovery time, she ran her well-manicured hands over her smooth buttocks. With each hand resting on an ass cheek, her French nails formed a strong contrast to her deeply tanned buttocks making it look even more inviting. 

 Spreading her cheeks, she showed the bead deeply planted up her ass. This way, the string with the two left-out beads dangled out like a tail. Gripping and releasing her ass cheeks rapidly, she made the ripe flesh jiggle wildly. 

 Then she grabbed the second ball and started pressing it inside. When it had plunged in, she repeated the procedure of jiggling her cheeks and showing off her ass before she took on the third ball. 

 The third one had just fully entered her bowels when Vanessa reopened her eyes. 

 

 And she looked right at the club members stepping out of the water! They were about to walk back to the lawn passing by Vanessa. Any second, it would happen. They would notice her figure draped over the edge of the pool with her ass exposed! 

 Vanessa was frozen from the shock not moving a single bone. It all seemed to happen in slow motion. The first guy was starting to walk. The other two began following close behind. 

 Just then she felt a hand at her back. At the last moment, she was pulled back into the water by Stanton. 

 That had been close -- extremely close! 

 The swimmers had almost seen her lewd display! She had barely escaped getting caught. 

 Vanessa wanted to dive under the water to hide. She wanted to disappear for the rest of the day. The club members hadn't seen her naked ass. Yet, she would turn bright red at their looks. She couldn't bear the shame. 

 When the swimmers had passed by, Vanessa was still too shocked to even breathe a sigh of relief. Finally, Stanton raised his voice. 

 "Time to get out of the water! It's getting cold." he simply commented. 

 Vanessa had to walk back to their lounge chairs with the beads deeply implanted inside her ass. With every step, she felt them shifting around in her bowels giving her strange sensations. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 12 ****** byCathartico© She could see the two women still sunbathing on the green. They hadn't noticed her yet. But they would do so any second. 

 Vanessa's appearance was simply too striking. Her bikini was soaked and her nipples stiff from the cold. With the fabric clinging tightly to her wet skin, not only the rings on her protruding nipples were on full display but also the rings on her cunt lips stood clearly out of the material. 

 The water was sparkling on her body making her skin glisten wetly. All in all, she was an extremely enticing sight when she walked down the poolside. The water was dripping down her full ample tits that bounced with every step. 

 When she was only a few more feet away from the women, they finally took notice. Even they couldn't tear their eyes off the captivating sight they were treated to. 

 Vanessa sensed their eyes roaming over her body and she instantly felt uncomfortable. It was such a difference getting checked out by men or women. Not a single little flaw would slip their attention. 

 "Did you see all those tats?" she suddenly heard one of the women exclaim when she walked by. 

 She almost stopped in her tracks from shock. Finally, her whore-marks had been discovered! 

 "Such a pretty girl!" the other one responded. "Why are these young girls mutilating themselves with this ugly ink?" 

 "When we were young, everyone would have called her a slut!" the first one remarked. 

 "Now it's just the norm! No one ever taught these young brats any lessons or boundaries." she continued with a disdainful voice before changing the topic. 

 Vanessa was struck by their deprecation. It hurt more than any degradation she had suffered from men. At least, they hadn't figured out the meaning of her tramp stamps. She was just one of those young wayward bitches for these women. 

 This realization calmed her down a bit. Her cover hadn't been blown -- yet. But then she reached their lounge chairs. 

 There was only one unoccupied. To Vanessa's dismay, it was the one directly next to Myers. 

 Of course, he made a new suggestion as soon as she had sat down spurring Vanessa's aversion and anxiety anew. 

 "You don't wanna get a sunburn, do you?" he exclaimed. "Let me put some cream on your back!" 

 Vanessa knew too well that he planned playing with her some more. The situation in the pool had been too much of a shock though. It had been so close. If the three lawyers went on with their little games, getting caught was bound to happen. 

 "It's so hot today!" she exclaimed. "Why don't we leave the club and go somewhere to have some real fun." she suggested her raised eyebrows leaving no doubts about the sex she implied. 

 "It's such a great day! It's too nice to go inside!" Myers responded. 

 "Please!" Vanessa started begging but the guys' stern looks nipped her pleading in the bud. 

 Vanessa remained standing a few more seconds struggling with her fate before she had resigned herself to the inevitable. 

 Lying down onto the chair with her belly first, she presented her backside to Myers. At once, he produced a sunscreen and started rubbing it all over her back. 

 At least, the two women were sitting several yards away. And as her lounge chair was the last in line, the three lawyers sat between her and them. Her luxurious body was partially hidden from their view. 

 Slowly, Myers' hand wandered deeper and deeper until it reached the shapely curve of Vanessa's ass. Again, he took his time kneading and fondling one buttock after the other. 

 But suddenly, she felt her bikini bottom getting pushed to the side! 

 Myers started running his fingers softly up and down her crack. Vanessa opened her mouth to protest. But instead, a grunt almost escaped her lips. She could barely suppress the moan. 

 Once again, the perverted situation, the nervousness of getting caught, the sensations of having her ass filled and her crack fondled were turning into arousal. 

 But it was an excitement she neither wanted nor liked. Instead, it only increased her aversion. She had not only lost control over the situation but also over her own body. 

 Against her will, Vanessa's ass started wriggling on his own pushing her cunt greedily towards Myers' hand. Suddenly though, he stopped his work and leaned forward to Vanessa's ear. 

 "Push the beads out, slut!" he ordered. 

 Vanessa's eyes grew wide. This was worse than any of her anticipations. She was lying on the lawn for anyone to see! The area was far more open to the view than the pool! 

 Before she had time to react, her pussy had answered with a new throb. Being ordered around and degraded by a granddad was so nasty that it left her with a total lack of will-power. 

 Her body was cutting off her mind. She instantly obeyed this old man while her mind screamed at herself not to do so. And she hated her body for betraying herself. But she couldn't stop it in any way. 

 Slowly, Vanessa pushed her arms back and spread her ass cheeks apart. Her puckered hole became visible. It had completely engulfed the three balls and closed back up. 

 Vanessa started pressing. But the balls were too big. Her anal ring didn't let them go easily. 

 She pushed so hard that her pussy opened up showing off the deep dark slit and her tender pink inner cunt lips that were dripping with her juices by now. 

 She started panting from the effort. Sweat began running down her forehead. 

 Ever so slowly, her small anal hole bulged. Then the ring started stretching. Steadily, it expanded further and further. The more it opened, the more of the big blue ball became visible. 

 Still, Vanessa had to press with all her might. She had to stop twice to catch a breath. All this time, the large ball peaked halfway out of her asshole leaving her sphincter expanded so wide that her anal ring was almost even. The small wrinkles were totally stretched out. 

 With a final strong push, the first ball popped out. 

 It was an incredible sight. Her delicious asshole gaped wide for a second and hastily tightened back up after the ball had been released - like a rubber band snapping back together. 

 "Yeah, shit'em out, fuckslut!" Myers whispered into her ear. 

 And Vanessa let out a yelp -- a gasp as much of the humiliating words as of the relief she felt when her anal ring snapped back together. 

 At once, her eyes fearfully shot to the women sitting at the other end of the sunbathing area. They were looking right back at her! Once again, Vanessa froze in her tracks. 

 When their eyes met, Vanessa could see that they were wondering what was going on with the beautiful redhead writhing around on the lounge chair and the old guy sitting next to her half way bend over her back. 

 Fortunately, Vanessa's bottom was hidden behind Myers' back. They couldn't see her exposed crack from their position. Still, it was an awkward sight. 

 "Damn! You're far from being a true nympho!" Myers exclaimed when he noticed her hesitation. 

 "Far too uptight for being a great fuckslut!" he continued "I like my whores shameless and coarse!" 

 To emphasise his words, he landed a smack on her right ass cheek. The clap was loud enough for the women to hear and in response Vanessa's heart stop for a second. 

 Their quizzical looks clearly told her that they must have heard the telltale noise! They looked ready to come over and ask what was going on any second. 

 Vanessa couldn't stand their gazes any longer so she turned her head to the other side. She needed to get over with this ordeal as fast as possible. With new strength her French manicured hands were back on her buttocks spreading them wide. 

 Again, she had to press with all her might. Again, the wrinkled skin of her asshole stretched wide with the second blue ball slowly sticking its head out of her backdoor. Again, it forcefully popped out. 

 After letting out a short sigh of relief, Vanessa immediately continued pressing until the final bead sprang out of its cage. 

 One more time, her asshole gaped wide giving a great view into the dark cavity it was supposed to protect before the door was closed a second later. Only by now, her backdoor was left ajar. 

 With all beads out, Myers suddenly held the string in front of Vanessa's mouth. He wanted her to lick the balls clean. 

 Vanessa's eyes grew wide in terror. The women had a perfect view on the plug! 

 At once, her gaze fearfully shot back to them. Cold sweat covered her body. Shame was burning on her face. 

 Then she saw it. They had turned their attention back to their books. They hadn't seen the beads yet. But for how long? Any suspicious sound would make them look up. 

 As Vanessa didn't open her mouth, Myers was getting impatient. Waving the string in front of her face, another smack reddened her buttocks! 

 This was the noise, Vanessa had dreaded! 

 She needed to take her chance. Her heart close to collapsing, she dove forward. Like a dog catching a bone, she swallowed the string. 

 It was too big! The three balls were too much to fit into her mouth! Immediately, her hand shot up to her mouth. 

 The women were looking at her! They saw her kneeling on the lounging chair with her hand clasping her mouth shut. To them, Vanessa must have looked as if she was about to puke. 

 Again, the quizzical looked appeared on their faces. 

 Vanessa had to get the entire string into her mouth. She needed to show them that everything was fine with her. She couldn't risk them coming over! 

 With all her might, she pressed the final ball inside her mouth. To make it fit, she had to force the first bead down her throat. Deeper and deeper, the large ball went into her gullet stretching her throat and making her gag violently. She almost puked the string out immediately. 

 Hastily, Vanessa took the hand off her mouth and waved at the two women to signalize that everything was OK. 

 All that time, she wriggled around on the lounge chair from the strain. Her throat muscles violently contracted trying to get the intruder out. It was a hard struggle suppressing the retching and choking the big bead in her throat caused. 

 The women took a long gaze at Vanessa considering what to do. Finally, they decided to leave. But not without shooting a look at her that clearly told their opinion. They considered her a slut -- an easy cheap slut. 

 As soon as the two women had turned their backs on Vanessa, she coughed out the string of beads. She was just catching her breath when Myers suggested something new. 

 "Have you ever tried out the Jacuzzi!" he asked Vanessa. 

 When her answer was in the negative, he exclaimed 

 "Me neither! Let's give it a try!" 

 Not giving Vanessa another chance to respond, he grabbed her hand and led her to the wellness area. Vanessa didn't need to look at Miller to know that she was expected to go along. They weren't even giving her time to stomach the previous public disgrace before they started the next one. 

 Walking along a pool, Vanessa couldn't believe that she was holding hands with an old greyed man in public. Her embarrassed was further increased when she saw two young men sitting behind the cocktail bar that was located at the side of the wellness area. 

 Of course, her appearance didn't stay unnoticed as the two guys immediately checked out each of her amazing curves. Once again, Vanessa was paraded around like an easy fuckslut. But this time, she was showcased like a classless skank throwing herself even at the eldest men. 

 Would this ever stop? How many chances of her getting caught would they take? 

 There were more doubts than ever troubling Vanessa. Myers didn't care about her concerns though as he headed straight to the Jacuzzi. 

 It was finally about to happen. It was obvious that this senior guy wanted more than simply sitting next to her in the Jacuzzi. She would fuck a man that could be her grandfather. 

 Hadn't she suggested exactly that before? It was such an incredibly perverted imagination. 

 Hadn't she even kissed this granddad? 

 Vanessa didn't know what the hell had come over her. It must have been the excitement of the moment. There was no other explanation. Right now, she only felt disgust and embarrassment of holding hands with such a senior guy. 

 Looking over to Myers, her gaze roamed down his flabby neck and wrinkled body. The big white-haired belly made her shudder. But a throb pulsed through her pussy as well! 

 The thought of fucking such an old man was so disgusting! But it was also exciting. The longer she looked at his aged body, the stronger the goosebumps became. But the arousal grew as well. 

 Once again, dissonance hit Vanessa with full force. On one hand, she was put off and anxious with the danger of being watched looming over her. On the other hand, the depravity of pleasuring such an old man strangely aroused her. 

 Reaching the Jacuzzi, Vanessa lowered herself into the warm water with Myers sitting down across from her. The Jacuzzi was surrounded by several palms partially hiding them from anyone's view. 

 Having enjoyed the hot water for some moments, Myers finally pushed himself up and positioned himself on the rim of the basin. This way, only his legs were in the bubbling water. 

 Vanessa didn't need any further instructions. She knew exactly what he was expecting. She turned around presenting her backside to Myers. 

 There was no sense in wasting any more time. The chance was as good as it gets. The palms needed to be enough of a shelter as the cocktail bar was several yards away. 

 Vanessa pushed herself up in a way that her curvy ass was hovering right above the water. Gyrating her hips, she slowly pulled the bikini-bottom down over her buttocks and under the water. 

 Then she leaned slightly forward and once again spread her ass cheeks to present her delicate pussy in all its glory. Hunkering down, she pushed her ass beneath the water. A second later, she pushed herself back up bringing her pussy and buttocks back into Myers' view. 

 Looking over her shoulder, a naughty smile played on her lips as she could see a bulge forming in his pants. 

 That wasn't a big surprise as he was treated to an incredible performance. In Vanessa's aroused state, her inner cunt lips were fully engorged and peeking out of their shelter. Now, the water was pearling off her delicate labia while her buttocks were glistening wetly. 

 Vanessa repeated this procedure several times. Myers was treated to the intoxicating sight of water running down her smooth buttocks. Her ass and pussy were sparkling. The wetness emphasized every amazing curve. 

 Then she ran her index fingers through each pussy ring spreading her cunt wide. This way, the tender inner flesh of her snatch was fully exposed. Again, she plunged her ass beneath the water. 

 Myers let out a whistle of admiration when he saw the water pearl off the precious pink flesh making Vanessa smile even more. 

 Finally, Myers couldn't take it anymore. 

 "Come here and show me your talents, slut!" he addressed her. 

 Vanessa threw a final look to the scattered wall of palms that functioned as her shelter. It wasn't much but it had to be enough. 

 Turning around, she looked closer at Myers again. She could see his wrinkled skin, the hairy man boobs and the big belly beneath -- a body signed by its age. 

 She had to remind herself of her slut-mantra before she could proceed. She was a slut able to please any man -- no matter which age. 

 Hadn't he called her uptight? Hadn't he called her a useless secretary? 

 She had to convince him that she was worthy of the title office whore. 

 Pushing the tiny bikini top to the sides, she freed her big luscious tits and plunged her juggs into the water to get them all wet and glistening. Pushing them out again, the water dripped off her full ripe melons while she rolled her tit rings between her fingers. 

 Putting her hands on his legs, she looked up at Myers. To show her obedience as the office whore, she pulled his trunks down by her teeth. At once, his fully erect dick sprang towards her. 

 Vanessa arched her back and pushed her heavy knockers around his cock. The soft flesh engulfed his rod and she started pushing her voluptuous globes up and down his shaft. Over and over, her soft titflesh rubbed along his tool. 

 All the while, Myers simply let her do the work enjoying her efforts. Finally, Vanessa could feel his cock starting to pulsate. With a groan, his cock erupted. The first powerful strands of hot cum shot right onto Vanessa's gorgeous face. The rest of his huge load spurted onto her fat glistening tits covering them with white sticky goo. 

 Finally, his balls were empty. But Vanessa wasn't willing to let him go that easily. She needed his approval as a great fuckslut. She needed to show him more of her skills as office whore. 

 Sticking out her tongue, she licked the remaining cum off Myers' dick. Then she slowly roamed upwards. 

 Cold shivers ran down Vanessa's spine while her tongue slid over the curve of his big bloated belly. The white hairs tickled on her tongue and she felt every limp fold. It grossed her out! 

 Still, she proceeded making her way up. Vanessa ran her tongue over his wrinkly man boobs and hairy chest. Finally, she reached his face and French kissed the grandpa. Again! 

 This was so depraved! It was so perverse! But her need to please the old man made her do it. And her pussy throbbed. 

 Slowly, Myers' cock grew back to its proud size until it was hard again. Opening her mouth, Vanessa put her soft lips over his cockhead. Then she pushed her head down. While looking into his eyes, Myers' shaft slowly disappeared down her throat. 

 When her mouth touched his pubic hair, Vanessa stayed in this position for several seconds. All the while, she kept on looking up to him although the effort showed when her eyes got all teary and a strained look appeared on her face. 

 Finally, she let his cock go pushing her mouth off. Long stings of saliva coated his shaft connecting his head with her lips. 

 After a few gasps of fresh air, she went down on him again. She pushed until his tool was completely buried in her gullet. This time, she even stuck her tongue out to lick his balls while she obediently looked up to him. Small gags emanated from her throat. 

 The next minutes, she started fucking her face up and down his rigid cock trying to please this senior man as best as she could. Every time she took a short break for a quick gasp, she gathered the slobber up from his dick and fed it to herself. Right now, she was only driven by the thought of showing what a nasty slut she was for him. 

 Then she let his cock go and pushed herself up. Turning around, she presented her backside to him once again. 

 Positioning herself over his lap, she slowly sank down and buried his dick up her snatch. 

 "Ooooohhhh!" 

 A long loud moan escaped her lips. Automatically, her hands reached up to her exposed knockers and grabbed her silver nipple rings. 

 Her movements got quicker and quicker. She started working her hips feverishly driving her pussy up and down Myers' hard shaft while twisting and yanking her nipple rings. 

 With her rapid riding, Myers didn't stand a chance to hold out long. Eventually, he pushed her off his cock. At once, Vanessa turned around to capture his second load with her slutface. 

 Although Myers was cumming for the second time, the mass of jizz was impressive. The first shot hit Vanessa square over the forehead while the following spurts glazed her cheeks coating her entire face. 

 When he had finished unloading his goo, Vanessa grasped his cock to give some post-head. But suddenly, Myers grabbed her at the shoulders and turned her around. 

 "Show them your decorated face, dirty dishrag!" he remarked. 

 Vanessa was startled by the sudden action. Out of the blue, she was looking right at Stanton and Miller. They must have come up to the Jacuzzi and watched her act as an easy fuckslut! She had been so engrossed in her performance she hadn't even noticed them. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 12 ****** byCathartico© For the moment, she was too stunned to react. Instead, Stanton and Miller took the lead. 

 And then they surprised her with a totally unexpected action. 

 Out of a sudden, they started clapping applauding for her performance! 

 Of course, this didn't remain unnoticed. Finally the two guys directed their full attention to the people at the Jacuzzi. From the corner of her eyes, Vanessa could see them looking right at her. Still, the cocktail bar was too far away for them to see her glazed face in detail. 

 But then Miller surprised her once more. 

 "Open that whore-mouth for another gift!" he ordered while pulling his dick out of his trunks. 

 Stanton immediately followed his example and suddenly Vanessa saw herself kneeling in the Jacuzzi with two guys jacking off onto her face. 

 This was too much, it was too apparent. It couldn't be missed. 

 On her rollercoaster ride she was rushing downwards from a great height to an infinite low in rapid speed. Vanessa's heart was banging in overdrive. She could clearly sense the unknown guy's attention, feel their eyes on her. 

 This was the end! She was getting watched being used as a cum dumpster right in the country club! 

 She felt frightened to the bone. But there was nothing she could do. She was totally helpless. 

 After her impressive show, it didn't take Stanton and Miller long to cum and their dicks almost erupted at the same time showering her face with hot gooey spunk. Despite her shocked state, Vanessa opened her mouth to catch as much as she could -- just like a good slut. 

 Most of the cum sprayed her face though. By now, it was plastered with sticky white cream. The gooey jizz completely coated her face like icing a cake. 

 With their balls empty, Stanton suddenly grabbed Vanessa's wrist and pushed her out of the Jacuzzi. It all happened too fast for Vanessa to resist. She could only stagger behind when he started walking up to the cocktail bar. 

 "Bet they wanna see that slutface from near distance!" he commented approaching the two guys. 

 Vanessa's head was spinning by now. Her entire world was turning around herself. She would get exposed and her entire lady-image was about to get shattered. 

 The gossip would take the club like a whirlwind. The rumour would spread faster than anything else. She could never show her face in the club ever again. 

 While she was getting dragged over to the two guys, her head was spinning faster and faster. Vanessa was becoming nauseas. 

 Finally, Stanton came to a halt in front of the two men. Blushing in the deepest shades of red, Vanessa stared onto the ground to hide her coated face. Her embarrassment had reached on indescribable height. 

 But Stanton pushed her head up by the chin and ordered 

 "Tell'em what you are!" 

 "Please!" Vanessa tried to beg. 

 But her pleads were instantly cut off by Stanton when he harshly repeated his words. 

 Vanessa's hair stood on end and she wanted to sink into the ground right there and then. Here she was standing in front of these unknown men her face drenched with sticky cum. There was nothing left to loose for her. It was all over. She could only give in to the situation. 

 "I am their office whore!" she said with a small voice. 

 For a moment, the entire wellness area was filled with silence. Not a single tone audible. 

 "Wow, that's her?" one of the young guys finally exclaimed. "You didn't exaggerate her beauty!" 

 Once again, Vanessa was stunned. 

 She looked at them completely dumbfounded. She didn't know what to say. 

 What was going on here? 

 Stanton, Miller and Myers burst out laughing though. They laughed so hard they were almost crying. 

 "Oh, was the little skank afraid of having her secret revealed?" Miller mocked her when he was able to talk again. "Let me introduce to you -- Daniels and McNeill - our new staff members." 

 Vanessa didn't know how to react or how to feel! These were some lawyers from the office! 

 She had seen her life in ruins. Her heart was still beating faster than ever before. She felt like fainting any second. 

 "Don't worry! Your little secret is safe with us!" Miller told her while patting her back. "As long as you're a good whore..." 

 Vanessa wanted to scream 'Nooo'. He wasn't right. He wasn't right about anything. 

 This had been the place where she was the posh ice-queen. And now, she was standing right in the club in open daylight with her face covered in jizz like an easy tramp. 

 She wanted to slap Miller in the face for his meanness. But she understood very well what his hint was telling her. The two new employees had earned a reward and that prize was her. 

 Her body got flushed with sweat when she realized that her public disgrace in the country club wasn't over by far. She had been lucky till now but how many risks could one take in a single day. 

 She had played along all this time. But now her limits had been reached. She couldn't go on anymore. 

 For a second, she considered running out of the wellness area. She simply wanted to get away from these motherfuckers. 

 Maybe she could make it out of the club before they would get her. 

 But what would she do then? Where would she go? 

 Miller must have read her thoughts as he suddenly gripped her neck forcefully. Using his strength, he forced her upper body to bend forward. 

 "This dumb hosebag has been a shame for our office all day long! Time to knock the nonsense out of this bitch!" he hissed. "They deserve a piece of the fuckwhore and they're gonna get it!" 

 Miller was fully enraged now. Although Vanessa felt an overwhelming reluctance with every nerve of her body resisting, she didn't dare moving a bit. 

 With her head bent down, she simply let him drag her behind the cocktail bar where the two young guys were still sitting. 

 Pushing her face up, Miller scraped the drying cum off her face and fed it to her making a show for Daniels and McNeill. Frightened, Vanessa obediently opened her mouth and gobbled down the sticky mass. 

 By now, the two guys had pulled their dicks out of their trunks. When her face was cleaned, Miller forced her onto her knees. 

 With Vanessa kneeling behind the counter, only the guys' upper bodies were visible from the wellness area. This way, it appeared as if they were sitting behind the bar having a drink and chatting with each other. 

 Meanwhile, Miller hammered her mouth down Daniels' tool and the long shaft immediately went deep into her gullet making Vanessa retch violently. 

 Before the choking had stopped, he started yanking her head back and forth drilling her mouth up and down the hard dick in rapid speed. Vanessa was gagging profusely but Miller didn't stop. 

 He was so enraged he didn't care about Vanessa a single bit. Instead, he roughly turned her head around and rammed her mouth down McNeill's cock. 

 The short moment, her mouth was free, slobber gushed out to all sides. But without waiting a second, Miller repeated the entire ordeal on McNeill's cock. 

 Then Miller started alternately hammering her face up and down the guys' cocks. He acted like a mad man treating Vanessa's face to the most severe dick-beating it had ever taken. Two more times, he used her facecunt to alternately jack off the two young lawyers. 

 When he had turned her face into a filthy mask of slobber and drool, Miller's wrath decreased. Like a used rag, he tossed her head away making Vanessa fall onto her hands and knees. 

 "Fuck this piece of dirt down!" he simply commented and walked away. 

 Of course, the guys didn't protest. At once, they got up. Daniels walked behind Vanessa while McNeill simply positioned himself in front of her. Still, only the guys' upper bodies were visible over the counter. 

 In one swift motion, Daniels drove his throbbing meat into her cunt. Her pussy was gushing! 

 Vanessa's eyes widened in surprise when she realized that Miller's extreme contempt and manhandling had been exactly what Vanessa's body had needed to turn her cunt into a dripping fuckhole -- despite or maybe because - of the fear of getting caught. 

 Daniels didn't care though gripping her long dark red hair with his left hand and shoving her face onto the other guy's dick. With his right hand, he started spanking her apple bottom turning her right buttock red. 

 Since meeting Pavone, Vanessa had gotten used to the feeling of pleasure and pain at the same time. Somehow, she loved the kick it gave her as she was always propelled towards greater heights. 

 This time wasn't any different and slowly her arousal started outweighing her anxiety. She couldn't help herself and started moaning around the cock that was lodged deep inside her throat. 

 "Yeah, spank the fuckslut! She deserves it! Fuck her good!" Vanessa suddenly heard herself purr. 

 Her lust was taking over her reasoning. A moment earlier, she had wanted to run out of the club. Now, her excitement made her completely forget the threatening situation. 

 After leaving his fingerprint prominently on her right ass cheek, Daniels slowly drove his index finger into her puckered asshole. 

 "Mmmmmh... Yeah!" Vanessa let out. "Do you like my tight little ass?" 

 Vanessa's rationality had ultimately lost the fight. By now, she was only driven by her lust for rough degrading sex. 

 Daniels answered with another slap to her buttock. 

 "That bitchy ass likes getting stuffed, doesn't it fuckpig?" 

 "Oh yeah!" she groaned. "This dirty slut loves getting fucked up her ass!" 

 "Stretch that ass, you dirty hosebag!" the young lawyer ordered. "Show me what a rotten whore you are!" 

 Instantly, Vanessa's hands went back to her ass. This way, her upper body was only held up by McNeill's grip on her head while he pumped her sloppy facehole. Now, he had an even better angle to push his cock down her throat. 

 Vanessa didn't hesitate though and bored her two index fingers into her shitter. All the time, Daniels continued pumping his rigid knob in and out of her dripping cunt. All her holes were stuffed airtight. She felt so full. 

 "Only two fingers?" she suddenly heard Daniels disappointed voice. 

 In her lust filled state, she couldn't take this deprecation. Although she already felt fully stuffed, she needed to prove her depravity. So she started wriggling her middle fingers into her asshole. 

 Finally, she had made it. Her tight anal ring pressed with all its might against the four fingers that stretched her sphincter wide. Trough the soft tissue separating her cunt and ass, she could feel Daniels cock pushing along her fingers. 

 Suddenly, the cock was gone and her pussy was free of dick. 

 "Show me if your ass gapes like a real slutshitter!" Daniels remarked. 

 Immedately, her fingers slid out of her asshole. Spreading her ass cheeks with her hands, she showed off her gaping hole. Her ring yawned widely giving view to the dark cavity behind. 

 To test the width, Daniels spit right at it and the big glob of drool fell right through the O-ring disappearing down the hollow pipe. 

 "Please ram the bitch's ass good!" Vanessa urged Daniels on just before the air was pressed out of her lungs when the lawyer thrust his cock into her asshole with full power. 

 Her open sphincter welcomed the cock hugging it immediately. And Daniels started nailing her butthole as fast and hard as he could pushing her body back and forth between his and McNeill's cocks. 

 Vanessa felt like her whole body was on fire. The nervousness of getting publicly disgraced and the excitement of getting fucked in the country club had merged to an ecstatic feeling consuming every nerve and vein. 

 "All those stories about the office whore are real!" McNeill remarked in disbelief at the pounding she took. 

 This statement increased Vanessa's pleasure even more. She had proven Miller wrong! She was no shame for the office but a great slut for them! This was the best fuck they'd ever get in their whole lives! 

 Daniels' stamina was impressive as he plowed away at her ass for a seemingly endless time slowly turning her ass chute into raw meat. He only gave Vanessa a break when he pulled his dick out of her loosened asshole to spit right into the ever widening gape. By now, she was coming over and over again. 

 Finally, Daniels groaned out and with a final thrust into Vanessa's rectum his cock exploded. White streams of goo shot deep into her ass. The syrupy jizz burned its way down her sore ass pipe stinging fiercely. 

 When he stepped away, McNeill pulled Vanessa up and placed her on a barstool. Now she was sitting on it with her buttocks hanging over the end while her gaping ass winked enticingly at McNeill. Her bottom was arched to its fullest showing off her curvy ripe ass cheeks at its best. 

 It was a pretty awkward position, as her red sphincter was now defenceless against his hard fat cock. In this position, the dick pistoned into her asshole in an unusual angle splitting her ass walls up in new dimensions. 

 A second later, his cock was deeply planted inside her ass and was instantly getting hammered in and out of her quivering anal hole. As Daniels anal assault had already left Vanessa's ass sore, she got to feel every burning inch of it as its head stretched her brown eye and then ripped its way up her anal passage. 

 Sitting on the stool, Vanessa was suddenly exposed to the wellness area. Fortunately, there was no one taking a bath in the Jacuzzis right now. 

 With the hard cock jack hammering her poor little asshole, her entire body was rocked back and forth on the bar stool. 

 Vanessa was barely able to keep quiet. She wanted to scream out her lust but gritting her teeth only pants escaped her lips. Again, she was surprised by the guy's stamina as he kept on power pumping her ass for such an endless time. 

 Suddenly though, something caught her eye. She could make out a movement. Someone was walking up to them! A woman stepped into the wellness area. 

 It was her girlfriend Maria! The one she had met in the entrance hall before. 

 And of course, she was heading right over to the bar when she made out Vanessa. 

 At once, the strong urge to jump up and run away was back again. But McNeill was still standing behind her ramming his tool through her poor helpless shitter. His grip rendered her completely immobile and his cock felt too good to stop! 

 Eventually, Maria reached the bar standing on the opposite side of Vanessa. This way, the action going on behind the counter was still hidden from her view. 

 Nevertheless, it was an odd picture of Vanessa wriggling around on the barstool with McNeill standing directly behind her. It was only a question of time until Maria would notice what was really going on. 

 Even more, Vanessa couldn't prevent herself from making some funny faces. It was so hard suppressing her moans. 

 "Everything OK?" Maria asked with a concerned tone in her voice. 

 "Oooh! He's giving me a backrub and it's sooooo good!" Vanessa quickly responded sounding a bit too enthusiastic. 

 Still, McNeill wasn't getting bothered by the woman's presence simply going on with the power-pounding of her sore ass. 

 When her girlfriend started another chat, Vanessa was in no way able to concentrate on her words. Realizing that Maria had directed a question at her, she opened her mouth to answer. 

 "Aaah!" was all that came out of it. 

 Maria looked at her with a puzzled look. 

 "Hmm, he's such a good masseur!" Vanessa quickly added her breath becoming choppier by the second. 

 The sensations arising from her ass were demanding her entire attention. The feeling of getting her asshole nailed deep and hard was overwhelming. 

 But at the same time, the feeling of anxiety increased with every moan Vanessa couldn't suppress. Finally, it had grown to full--blown terror. The imminent fear of getting discovered by Maria grasped her entire body. 

 The tremendous nervousness intermixed with the pleasure. Vanessa felt like a whirlwind of emotions was raging through her body. Her heart was beating in overdrive from pure horror while blissful showers ran down her spine from pure pleasure. It was so intense that she was barely able to keep herself up on the barstool! 

 All the while, Maria went on talking to her. And all the time, Vanessa only murmured her consent absent-mindedly in between her panting. Consequently, the look on Maria's face became more and more critical. 

 "I need to try that massage" she eventually exclaimed. 

 The next second, she started walking around the counter. 

 Vanessa wanted to scream! She wanted to say something to stop her friend but only a long "Ooohhh" came over her lips. She wanted to jump off the barstool but McNeill held her in place. 

 Helplessly, she had to watch Maria coming closer to the edge of the counter. Another step and she had a clear view at McNeill. Another step and she would see his cock pistoning in and out of Vanessa's ass chute! 

 Vanessa felt like fainting any second. She couldn't take this fear and horror any longer. Black dots started jumping in front of her eyes. 

 And then -- out of the blue - Daniels stood next to Maria blocking her way around the counter and offering her a drink at his lounge chair. 

 Maria was too surprised to reject his advances. Pleased by the attention of such a young good looking man, Maria accepted and was quickly let away to the lawn. Nevertheless, she threw another doubtful look at Vanessa while walking away. 

 Daniels had saved Vanessa. 

 A sigh of relief escaped her mouth. Just that moment, McNeill's cock exploded and another load of cum shot deep inside her bowels filling her ass to the rim. 

 

 This unexpected eruption kicked Vanessa over the edge as well. The orgasm hit her with such a force that she simply slumped down onto the counter. Several moments, the waves of bliss rushed through her body. She was trembling so hard that even her teeth were chattering. 

 When McNeill was long gone, Vanessa was still sitting on the barstool gathering back her strength. Time passed away while the events she had just experienced rerun in front of her eyes. 

 She couldn't believe what a rollercoaster ride she had just survived. She had never been as frightened before. She felt like she had been shocked to death several times this day. But as hard to believe as it was, the thrill had also turned her on immensely. 

 Eventually, Miller walked up to her. 

 "Ready to go home?" he greeted her. 

 The exhaustion on her face clearly told him everything he needed to know when he let her back to the lounge chairs. 

 --- 

 Once again, Vanessa was lying in the bath tub soothing her sore muscles. And it was more than needed as her first week of working as a hooker in the 'Red Rose Club' was finally over. The longest week she had ever endured came to an end. The longest week of her life that had seemed like a never-ending nightmare. 

 From the first day on, she had yearned for it to be over. But it had only gotten worse and worse with every day. She couldn't believe the bottomless degradation she had suffered. It rather felt like a constant humiliation that never stopped during the whole week. Even worse, she had been forced to degrade herself in front of sleazy lowlifes more than she had ever thought possible. 

 A shudder ran down Vanessa's spine thinking back to the past week. Vanessa hadn't realized that her fingers were rubbing her clit while she thought about her experiences as the 'Red Rose Whore' until a gasp came over her lips. The memories were enough to excite her! 

 With another gasp, she closed her eyes and her memory slipped back to the day it had all begun. In front of her eyes, the events started replaying... 

 To be continued... 

 Vanessa relives her first week as the 'Red Rose Whore' Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 13 ****** byCathartico© Vanessa was lying in the bath tub soothing her sore muscles. She finally got some time to rest from the exhausting days lying behind her. Her first days working as the 'Red Rose Whore' were over. 

 It had been the most strenuous time of her life. But it had also been the worst experience she had ever endured. 

 Work had been marked with constant humiliations. She had never felt as low and insignificant ever before. She had been nothing more than a will-less piece of meat -- a dumb piece of fuckmeat that didn't have any other use than being utilized as a cum dumpster. She had been forced to degrade herself beyond any imaginable limit. She had experienced the rudest treatment and roughest sex she could imagine. 

 But letting the time pass in front of her inner eye, another emotion joined the feelings of utter debasement. Somehow, the days felt more like one endless whirlwind of emotions that had dragged her along -- emotions that had slowly built up and finally turned into an enormous turn-on. 

 Wasn't that exactly what her body was longing for? Wasn't it exactly what she needed? Getting manhandled and treated like a depraved fuckpig? 

 Looking back, Vanessa realized that she had constantly been in a state of arousal -- always on the edge of cumming. She had wallowed in the permanent humiliation. In the moment itself though, it had felt completely like the opposite. In those situations, the excitement had been overshadowed by the stinging pain of debasement. 

 But right now lying in the bathtub, this excitement was exactly what she felt while the days started rerunning in front of her inner eye. 

 --- 

 It was Monday 5 pm and Vanessa was sitting next to Mark in his car. He was driving her to the club an hour before work was about to start. Arriving at the 'Red Rose Club', he simply delivered her to the changing room in which a few girls were getting dressed. There he left her alone as he had to prepare for his second new job. Nowadays, he was not only the watchdog for Queeny Ho but also the barkeeper of the 'Red Rose Club'. 

 Vanessa was standing in the room getting a look over from the other girls feeling completely uncomfortable. As Pavone had wanted her to look like a posh bitch during her initiation, she was dressed just like going to work in the law firm. Right there in the locker room, her appearance was totally out of place though. And the girls' despising looks clearly told her what they thought about her appearance. 

 A few minutes later, Pavone walked into the changing room. Coming to a halt in front of Vanessa, he broke out into dirty laughter. 

 "Ah, Miss Arrogance!" he sneered. "It's her to a T. Ready for the next fashion show!" 

 The next second, he gripped Vanessa's expensive designer handbag and deprecatingly threw it in a corner of the room. 

 "Looks like you still haven't understood your place in here!" he commented his rude action. 

 "Welcome our new bottom bitch!" he then introduced her to the other girls. 

 The women stopped in their tracks to watch her degradation. Instantly, Vanessa blushed in shame. It was one thing to be manhandled by guys. But being humiliated in front of other women was so much worse. 

 Pavone was just getting started though. 

 "You're my WHORE putting her fuckholes on the line to earn money for me!" he continued screaming the derogatory words right into her face. "And I want everyone to see it." 

 "Tell me - from now on - what will the people on the streets think the moment they see you?" he asked Vanessa. 

 Vanessa looked at the women clearly enjoying her humiliation. Please, not in front of them! she thought to herself. She had to gulp several times before she was ready to answer. 

 "They shall see a cheap vulgar hooker." she finally responded with a trembling voice causing the girls to laugh right at her. 

 The ring of it was far worse then Pavone's dirty sneer. 

 Even worse than the degradation in front of those trashy strippers was the imagination it evoked. Vanessa couldn't picture herself dressed as a whore walking out of her apartment all through the block. What if she ran into one of her neighbours? What if she ran into her janitor? How could she ever keep her new profession in the closet? 

 "Strip off those clothes!" Pavone suddenly tore Vanessa out of her thoughts. 

 "I don't ever wanna see such posh stuff in my club again." he continued spitting out the word 'posh' in the most sarcastic way possible. 

 Vanessa didn't want to strip right in front of the other girls but she knew better than to object. Blushing bright red, she started taking off her clothes. 

 A few moments later, she stood there in the littered changing room of a shabby strip club bare naked except for her stiletto heels feeling the girls' disdainful looks on her. 

 She didn't have a lot of time thinking about their gazes though as Pavone gripped her hair twisted it into the hair-handle and forcefully pushed her onto her hands and knees. 

 "That's where you belong." he spat at her. "Tell me why your place is in the dirt right at my fucking feet?" 

 Work hadn't even started yet but the situation was getting worse and worse. She rather not wanted to know what was lying ahead of her. 

 Shame burned on Vanessa's cheeks and her body trembled from the pure debasement. Still, her mouth opened immediately and she answered 

 "'Cause I'm your bottom bitch! I don't deserve being treated better than a low dogbitch." 

 Vanessa didn't dare looking back up to the women. She couldn't bear their gazes. She would have loved nothing better than to crawl under the carpet and hide there forever. 

 Pavone had another plan though. 

 Making her right ass cheek jiggle from a harsh slap, he told her 

 "Show them what a good dogbitch you are and lick their hands like a well- trained dog." 

 His words hit Vanessa like a fist to the stomach. She felt like frozen to the ground. She couldn't degrade herself that way in front of these women! They were just some common strippers! 

 Getting impatient, Pavone kicked her ass with his boot making her fall face first onto the dirty grimy carpet. 

 "Get going, fuckwhore!" he commented with a menacing voice. 

 And finally, Vanessa obeyed. Slowly, she crawled forward till she kneeled in front of the first girl. Remaining on all fours, she started lapping at her hand while the girl simply sneered. After a minute, she crawled to the next girl and repeated the hand-licking. 

 It took all of Vanessa's will-power to service all the girls while they laughed at her and made fun of her. She had never felt so inferior to anyone. She wanted to run straight out of the strip club. 

 When she was eventually finished, she crawled back to Pavone. 

 Looking at the girls, he asked them 

 "Tell our bottom bitch what is waiting for her." 

 "Drunken lowlifes groping you." the first one started. 

 "Fat sleazeballs spilling beer all over your dress." another one quipped in. 

 "Rude douchebags slapping your ass." another one exclaimed. 

 Every comment made Vanessa flinch but Pavone topped them all when he remarked 

 "Our bottom bitch's looking forward to this treatment, isn't she? She's gonna have all those horny motherfuckers letting off steam in one of her whore-holes. You're the tease, she's the cum dump!" 

 He was talking about Vanessa like she wasn't even in the same room. He treated her like she was just a piece of meat for use -- not a person to be talked to. 

 "Thank these girls for turning those sleazebags into horny ruthless brutes willing to ravish your whore-holes." he ordered Vanessa. 

 Once again she turned bright red from shame. Every single word, she had to force over her lips. 

 "Thanks for helping this dumb piece of trash turning tricks!" she said her eyes firmly turned onto the ground. 

 "Now let's get this dirty dishrag dressed!" Pavone finally ended his little introduction. 

 Then he grabbed Vanessa's hair and led her on all fours to a big closet adjoint to the changing room. 

 There Pavone presented Vanessa's new working outfits to her. So far, she had been hopeful that he wanted her to play the arrogant lady that was getting roughed up -- just as it had been in her initiation night. 

 But seeing these clothes, she instantly knew that her days of looking all classy were definitely over. Although the dresses hanging in the closet differed in their fabrics, forms and colours, they all had one thing in common. They matched each other in the extremely tarty aura they radiated. These clothes definitely let any guest know on first sight that she was the club whore. 

 For her first day, Pavone picked out the dress he liked the most although it could barely be described as a dress. Vanessa had to put on a black shiny vinyl miniskirt that was more like a broad belt than a skirt as it didn't even cover the hem of her buttocks. It was held around her waist by a white belt that contrasted starkly with the black vinyl. 

 The rest of the outfit consisted of a white under support cupless bra for her plump ripe double Ds, white fencenet stockings and white vinyl stripper boots with large plateaus and 7" heels that reached just below her knees. 

 The cupless bra left her heavy knockers completely exposed and the extremely short miniskirt was easy to lift up for Vanessa to present her ringed cunt. 

 "Nice! Showing of the decorated fucktits perfectly." Pavone commented 

 Simply putting on these clothes made Vanessa feel like a whore and the urge to run out of the club came over her once again. 

 Out of a sudden, Pavone pushed on Vanessa's nipples and a groan escaped her mouth. Her knees were buckling. Juices were running out of her cunt wetting her thighs! She gasped in surprise. 

 The enormous humiliation in front of these women had turned her on! As much as she disliked Pavone - that damned motherfucker - she had to admit that no one treated her more ruthless and with bigger lack of respect. 

 She hated herself for it but she couldn't do anything to prevent it. His treatment always made her body turn to wax in his hands. 

 "Yeah!" he commented. "That's the way my fuckwhore should look like." 

 "But there's more we need to change." he went on as he led Vanessa to a large mirror. Her make-up had to be done. 

 Under Pavone's close look, Vanessa started putting on several layers of make- up. But it wasn't enough for his approval. Over and over, he instructed her to put on another layer until every pore of her cheeks was pasted. 

 Up next, Vanessa's eyes got done. She tweezed her eyebrows until only a thin line was left that was curved in a dramatic arch. Then she lined her eyes with dark mascara accenting its sparkling green colour and painted her eyelids in dark smoky eyes fashion. But once again, Pavone made her put on more and more until the smoky eyes were totally overdone. 

 Finally, Vanessa turned to her lips. She drew a dark line around the outlines. Then she simply put on lipstick till Pavone told her to stop. When he was finally satisfied, there was not a single wrinkle left. They were completely even. 

 As a final note she sealed her lips with lip gloss. Once again, Pavone wanted her to use lots of it making her mouth glisten wetly. When she was finished her lips looked extremely full and big. They almost appeared fake as if they had been injected with collagen. 

 Looking into the mirror, Vanessa didn't recognize her reflection anymore. She looked more than just slutty. The overdone make-up and wet red lips in combination with her outfit resulted in a look that appeared like the picture perfect role model for the cheapest streetwalking gutter whore. 

 At the same time though, the dramatically curved eyebrows and smoky eyes gave her facial features an even more arrogant, dismissive look then ever before. 

 Turning to Pavone, Vanessa could see how much he liked her changed appearance. Finally, he had changed her looks into the appearance he had always wanted to see. Now, a cheap gutter snipe stood in front of him - all tarted up begging to get trashed and roughed up. 

 Still, the final note was missing. Despite her nipple and cunt rings, she wasn't decorated enough for his taste. Producing the well-known leash, he put it around her neck letting it dangle between her fat fucktits. Then he made her stick a large Creole through each earlobe and 5 silver bracelets around each wrist. The armlets jingled with every step she took announcing the arrival of the club whore to everyone. 

 With Vanessa's outfit finished, Pavone explained the roles in the club to her. There were two different jobs in the strip club -- waiting the tables and stripping on stage. As it was only a small bar, there was just one waitress and a handful of strippers. Unlike these girls though, Vanessa had to fulfil both duties. 

 Being a part of the rotation the strippers were doing, Vanessa had to go up on one of the stages and strip for the crowd every few hours. Of course, Pavone let her know that she wasn't special in any way though. She wouldn't receive a special treatment. Instead, she was simply one of the strippers doing its dance routine. 

 Between her strip shows she was supposed to wait the tables. Of course, she wasn't just another common waitress. Instead, she was supposed to walk from table to table and ask the guests if they would like to use her fuckholes to relieve themselves. 

 While Pavone explained her duties, Vanessa's couldn't help her face twitching in discomfort. This only caused his dirty laughter to echo through the room once again. 

 "You're gonna love today!" he exclaimed between laughter although it ringed more like a thread in Vanessa's ears. 

 "It's your first day and we need to get the guests interested in the new fuckdoll, don't we?" he continued. "That's why we got a house-special for the night. We need to make a good offer to get the ball rolling. 50 bucks for the house-special should do the trick!" 

 Vanessa let out a whimper. 50 bucks! 50 bucks for a special service! It was a joke! 

 Not only was she far too beautiful to be hooking in a strip club, she had to sell herself for a dumping price! 

 Vanessa's aversion had turned her face into a pained grimace by now and Pavone reacted with petting her cheek tauntingly. 

 "Oooh, don't worry." he said soothingly. "You're gonna be a great whore and you're gonna bring in lots of money. 100 green for a fuck and 50 extra charge for the house-special. Your holes gonna sell like hotcakes!" 

 The next second, his voice turned hard again and he ordered 

 "Turn around, dirtslut! We all know how much you love flaunting your goods!" 

 "I'm gonna write the offer all over those sweet ass cheeks of yours." he added holding up a bright red lipstick. "So you got a good reason to present your slutass to the guests?" 

 A second later, Vanessa felt the pen on her soft cheeks. But she couldn't make out what he was writing. 

 When he was finished, he turned her back around and commented 

 "Guess I write the main service all over those fat tits. A living menu advertising everything that needs to be said!" he chuckled evilly. "Hos ain't supposed to talk anyways. Now you only need to use that kisser for the sole thing your good for." 

 By now, Vanessa felt too small and worthless from Pavone's constant degradations to feel another humiliating sting from these words. Instead, she simply looked down her body as the pen scraped over the flesh right above her luscious juggs. Slowly, she saw the words 'Fuck the Bitchholes -- 100$' take on form. 

 "Now, you're ready to be my cashcow!" Pavone commented admiring his work. "Time to meet your johns!" 

 With a drag on the leash, he got into motion leaving Vanessa no other chance than to stumble behind. Surprisingly, she was allowed to stay on her feet this time although it didn't help making Vanessa feel less cheap in any way. 

 Her head was spinning from all the information she had gotten. This day was going into a completely different direction than she had expected. Pavone wasn't presenting her like an extraordinary attraction. She didn't get treated as the new 'Red Rose Superstar'. Instead, she stood on the lowest level of the club hierarchy. Even the strippers were looking down on her. 

 While these thoughts rushed through her head, Pavone walked Vanessa right into the club. Finally, the moment had come. She was standing in the dark club dressed like a low street wench. Strippers were dancing on the three stages and music was bumping. No one had even noticed her yet. 

 There was no big announcement this time, no jaw-dropping entrance on the stage, no appearance in the spotlight as the new star of the club. And this made Vanessa feel even lower than before - if that was even possible for the day. 

 Right there and then, the true meaning of her new profession dawned on Vanessa as clearly as never before. She was about to work as a common hooker. She wasn't presented as the slut any man had ever dreamt of being allowed to touch. The guests weren't fighting each other begging her for the fuck of their lives. 

 

 Actually, the complete opposite was true. She had to beg sleazy lowlifes to use her holes. She had to sell herself for a lousy, unworthy price. 

 At that moment, she couldn't imagine herself turning tricks -- not a single bit. Even less, she could imagine herself walking up to one of the drunken sleazebags and beg him to fuck her for 100 bucks. 

 During her initiation, it had been one big blur of filthy perverted action. She had been in total fuckslut-mode willing to do anything to please the men. It had been a huge turn-on for her to act like a cheap whore. But she had been the center of attention and star of the show. 

 Now, she was simply another commodity for use in the club. Just like the cigarette automat kept new cigs ready, she was the bottom bitch holding her fuckholes ready for the horny guests. They both had the same function - - satisfying a craving. 

 Vanessa felt like frozen to the ground. The action in the club ran in slow motion. She wasn't able to move a single bone. 

 A slap to her ass made Vanessa's buttocks jiggle wildly and brought her out of her reverie. 

 "Get to work, fucking dogbitch!" Pavone hissed not amused with her lack of enthusiasm. 

 Another harsh slap made Vanessa stumble forwards and finally got her going. 

 With every step towards the first table, Vanessa's heart started thumping louder. Her legs felt as if weights had been chained to them. She had to force every step forward. 

 Thoughts started running wild inside her head. How could any individual with decent self respect walk up to a table and sell herself away for such a lousy price? How could any respectable woman decorate herself in such a tacky crude way? 

 Vanessa felt like she had reached a new low. She felt like she had gone too far. Right at the moment, she desperately wanted to feel like the classy lady from the country club again. But she couldn't figure out a way to get out of this situation making her hair stand on end. 

 The heels of her shiny white plateau boots were clacking on the floor and the metal bracelets around her wrists noisily hit against each other announcing the club whore to the guy sitting at the first table. 

 "Wanna have some fun with Queeny Ho?" she asked. 

 The guy mustered her for a long time. He looked like a middle aged pencil pusher. Someone with decent manners Vanessa thought, probably the best guy to start her life as hooker. 

 Out of the blue, the guy shook his head though. 

 "Just watching the strip show." he told her. 

 "Don't need the service of such a skanky ho." he spat at her his face clearly displaying the contempt he felt towards her. "Got my fine wife at home." 

 His words caused a humiliating sting to Vanessa's heart. For a moment, she was speechless. She felt so embarrassed. He only saw a 'skanky ho' in her, not a pretty slut he was able to fuck. Shame burned on her cheeks while she forced a smile at him and apologized for her importunity. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 13 ****** byCathartico© Once again, Vanessa's anticipations had suffered a hard blow. Her imagination of being the 'Red Rose Superstar' had taken another hit. She didn't know how to handle this rejection. 

 All she knew was that she needed some attention and appreciation. After constantly being humiliated by Pavone and suffering this harsh rebuff, she needed to feel like a hot tasty slut again. 

 Panic rising up inside of her, she looked around. She needed to find someone willing to accept her offer. Then she saw a guy that looked exactly like the strippers had described her johns - a thin Latino his black hair slicked back with lots of hair gel and his forearms completely covered with tattoos. 

 Simply his appearance repulsed Vanessa. But he was the best shot she had right now. She had to gulp down her fear before she slowly walked up to his table and asked with a hushed voice. 

 "Wanna have some fun, Sir? Would you like to use Queeny Ho?" 

 As it was pretty dark in the room, the guy couldn't see Vanessa in all her glory. 

 "Show me what I'm gonna get!" he responded. "Don't wanna stick my dick up some sloppy hole of some scrapped ho." 

 His words ripped straight into Vanessa's heart. She let out a small sob from his derogative words. She was a slut with supermodel looks not some washed-out hooker! 

 Still, she felt her pussy throb. The humiliating words, the self-degradation of hooking, her vulgar looks -- all those debasements had their effect on her body. It made her cunt leak. 

 Slowly, she pressed her fat fucktits together from the sides and leaned over the table. This way, she brought her goods into a better light as there was a small lamp illuminating the table. 

 Seeing her full ripe melons, a smile appeared on the guy's face. Then he grabbed her chin with his hand. Turning her face from one side to the other, he inspected her overdone face. 

 Chills were running up and down Vanessa's spine. This was such an extreme humiliation. She felt like cattle he wanted to buy. Any second, she waited for him to pry open her mouth and to inspect her teeth. 

 Instead, the guy had another idea. 

 "You wanna be a whore?!" he asked with his voice taking on a harsher tone. 

 He still held her face in his vice grip while Vanessa meekly nodded. 

 "You're gonna do anything for some cash?" he continued his voice becoming ever harsher. 

 Once again, Vanessa nodded. 

 "For 100 bucks, anyone can fuck me, Sir!" she mumbled as the guy still pressed her cheeks tightly together. 

 "Show me if your cunt is worth 100 green!" the guy shouted right in her face letting her chin go. 

 Vanessa had never felt as disrespected ever before. She had anticipated the guys standing in line to be allowed to fuck a slut with such supermodel looks. She had expected them to fight each other to be the first getting a hand at her. 

 Now, she had to realize that the guys weren't seeing her as the perfect slut making their nasty dreams come true. They weren't regarding her as a posh bitch with a perverse craving to be manhandled like in the initiation night. They saw her as a simple piece of fuckmeat only existing to get them off. 

 While her mind still tried fighting her new profession, she had already pushed her black vinyl miniskirt up to reveal her snatch. There she was, standing in front of a table holding up her tiny skirt and presenting her bare pussy to a stranger. A year ago, she wouldn't even have deigned looking at someone like that with a condescending gaze. 

 Instantly, the guy grabbed her precious plum just as roughly as her chin before. A moan escaped Vanessa's lips. 

 "That cunt is leaking!" he exclaimed surprise clearly displayed on his face. 

 "100 bucks for a fuck! That's pretty cheap for such a piece of ass." he remarked. 

 "Easy fucksluts are always cheap!" Vanessa responded surprising herself. She had answered automatically without thinking about her words. 

 "There's even a house-special this tacky whore offers." she continued while turning around. 

 Still holding her skirt up around her waist, she presented her apple bottom to the stranger - a sight making her look even more whorish. And once again, she blushed deeply although it wasn't visible under the mask of make-up. 

 Reading the words written over Vanessa's buttocks, the guy let out a whistle. 

 "Gotta take that!" he exclaimed before he quickly got up and grabbed her leash. "Let's get going." 

 He didn't even let Vanessa lead the way. Instead, she barely had time to tell him where to go before he dragged her forward on the leash. 

 He instructed Vanessa to keep on holding her skirt up above her waist for all the other guests to see the offer written all over her ass. 

 Vanessa was beyond shame by now. She was led on a leash through the strip club by a random john under the eyes of all other guests. She had to hold up her skirt exposing her ass to advertise the house-special. And she didn't even know what the offer was. 

 She could feel all eyes on her and even heard some derogative laughter from several guys while being led to the stairs. 

 There was a room on the first floor reserved for Vanessa. Walking inside, she could instantly see that Pavone hadn't taken lots of pains with the room. A metallic bed with a stained dirty mattress was the entire inventory except for a little shabby commode. It had a mirror on top so Vanessa could rearrange her appearance for the next round of letting a john screw her. All in all, it was a seedy room for a sleazy whore. 

 Putting the 150 bucks onto the table, the Latino quickly got undressed. 

 Fully naked, he leaned onto the doorframe. In this position, Vanessa could muster his small, thin figure and an eye-catching part of his appearance caught her eye. His entire body was covered with thick dark hair. 

 A grin appeared on the Latino's face when he saw Vanessa's grimace. 

 "I see you appreciate a real man." he commented sarcastically. "Shake those tits for me, whore!" 

 Tearing her eyes off his hairy chest, Vanessa started massaging her voluptuous double Ds and pulling on her nipples rings. 

 "Hold those titties out for me!" the Latino ordered. 

 Bowing slightly forward, her heavy knockers hung off her chest. Cupping them with her fine French-manicured hands, she held them out for the guy. 

 Suddenly, he took her nipple rings and started turning them around. Further and further, he twisted. Vanessa started getting uneasy sharply drawing in the air. 

 

 "I've seen that arrogant snotty bitch getting initiated to the club last week." the guy suddenly told her. "She came in here thinking she is so much better than any guy in the club." 

 "Today, I see a depraved scumwhore in the club selling herself as a cheap cum dump. But still arrogance is written all over her face." he continued. 

 "Tell me what's so high and mighty 'bout your tarty white ass?" he spat twisting her nipple rings another notch. 

 "Nooouuuhhh-thing!" Vanessa exclaimed her face contorted in pain. 

 "Then you want me to lend a helping hand wiping that uppish expression of your whoremug? 

 With the word 'whoremug' ringing in Vanessa's ears, he grabbed her neck and forced her face forward. 

 The Latino not only wanted to fuck this hooker, he wanted to make her feel like a little dumb prossie standing far beneath him. And in his position, he had the perfect idea to let her feel it to the fullest. 

 Still leaning at the doorframe, he pressed Vanessa's bitched up face into his right armpit. As he was haired like a bear, it wasn't just a normal armpit. Instantly, the smell of sweat penetrated her nose deeply carving itself into her mind. A second later, the soaking hair tickled her lips. 

 Cold showers were running up and down Vanessa's spine. This was getting out of control. This was too much for her. With all her power, she pressed her arms against his chest in an attempt to get out of that foul smelling tar pit. 

 Suddenly, the guy let her face go. Grabbing her chin, he made Vanessa look into his eyes. 

 "Still the snotty bitch wholeheartedly?" he scoffed. "Guess I need to take my bucks, walk out of here and tell the other guests this washed-out gutter snipe ain't worth a dime." 

 Vanessa's heart skipped a beat. She couldn't handle another rejection! The failure stabbed her heart like a sting. 

 Her feelings clearly displayed on her face causing the Latino to laugh snidely. Lightly, he pushed her forward at the neck once again. This time, Vanessa didn't resist anymore. Closer and closer, her face inched to that overgrown armpit. Stronger and stronger, the biting, rank stench grew. 

 Just before the hair hit her nose, the guy stopped and waited. He wanted her to go the rest of the way by herself! 

 Vanessa needed a few seconds before she could finally bring up enough bravery. She pressed her lips together as tightly as possible to reduce the contact of the smeary hairs with her lips. Then she forced her head forward until the wet soaking hairs pressed against her mouth. 

 Instantly, goosebumps were back covering her entire skin. They even intensified when the guy started rubbing her face all through his sweaty stinking armpit. 

 "I won't stop till you made yourself cum, you fucking skank!" he commented while he relished in defiling her heavily primed up face. 

 Instantly, Vanessa's hand shot to her cunt. There she found her pussy wet! The humiliation had worked its magic on her body once again. 

 After a while of dragging her face through his hairy jungle, the Latino pulled her head back holding it right in front of his face. 

 "Lick those whorelips!" he ordered. "Don't you wanna taste my sweet gift?" 

 Reluctantly, Vanessa did as she was told. The moment her sensitive tongue licked off some icky remnants of sweat, her entire body cringed. This was so vile! 

 The shuddering made the guy laugh scornfully. 

 "I still see a rest of arrogance gleaming in those eyes." he commented. 

 Vanessa knew that this spelled trouble and she was proven right when the Latino ordered 

 "Open that kisser!" 

 Vanessa hesitated. She wanted to oblige as she was on a mission to prove her whoredom to this motherfucker. But anticipating the next level of vile treatment, it was incredibly hard. 

 She furiously rubbed her pussy trying to get herself off before the next ordeal started. Still, she couldn't cum. The foul nasty stench and sick rancid taste of his sweat withheld her orgasm. She was too disgusted to cum. 

 Suddenly, she felt a painful tearing on her nipples. The guy had grown impatient and twisted her nipple rings forcefully. 

 Finally, Vanessa behaved like a well-bred fucksut and opened her full red lips. 

 Leaning forward, the guy gathered some spit in his mouth. Then he relished in another defilement as he let a long white string of sticky slobber drool right into her open mouth - extra slowly. Meanwhile his hands were still at Vanessa's nipple rings twisting them mercilessly. 

 Looking up into that evil smiling face, while the thick spittle slowly made its way towards her mouth was incredibly hard for Vanessa. She rubbed her clit faster and faster to get herself off. 

 But the longer she had to wait for the slimy spit to hit her soft lips, the more horrible became her anticipation. It didn't give her a chance to cum. 

 Finally, the fat glob of slobber hit her tongue. And although the anticipation had already been awful, it still made her shake in pure disgust. Getting spit on and eating drool had such a note of pure contempt that it felt even more degrading than munching on a dirty ass. 

 "Still feeling so elegant?" the Latino sneered at her. "Didn't see no climax. That piece of trash is even too dumb to make herself cum! Got another armpit waiting!" 

 Vanessa let out a sob when she felt his hand back at her neck pushing her forward. Still, she didn't resist when her face was pushed deeply into his left armpit. 

 "You've been such a good spit dumpster, now eat my sweat!" the guy suddenly instructed. 

 Another sob escaped Vanessa's mouth when she opened her glaringly red sucklips. Immediately, she felt the clotty hairs tickling her tongue. The feeling was even worse than she had ever imagined. The rancid sweat bit into her soft tongue flesh. 

 In between harsh gags and chokes, she winded her tongue through the gummed up, soaked hairs. All the while, she furiously tried to make herself cum. By now, she pushed two fingers in and out of her cunt in rapid speed. But still, there was no relief. 

 After a while, the mean guy pushed her face back to give her a chance to taste the full aroma of foulness. 

 When Vanessa felt another push on her head, tears started running out of her eyes. Still she obediently opened her whoremug when he dragged her face back into the overgrown pit, Before she was able to stick out her tongue though, he forced her mouth shut with a grip to her chin. Now, a mass of hair stuck between her lips. 

 And then he pushed her face back scraping all the sweat and dirt off his hairs with her lips leaving the foul mass in her oral cavity. The full pungent taste and sickening stench hit her like a fist. Vanessa had to retch instantly. 

 The same moment, the Latino slapped her cheek harshly. 

 "Don't dare puking on my shoes, you fucking dumb bitch!" 

 And finally the relief was there. With one long gasp, a strong but very short orgasm hit her. Vanessa was like in a daze from the repulsive taste, the hard slap and sudden orgasm. 

 Before she realized it, her john dragged her over to the chair standing in front of the dresser. He roughly bent her over the backrest while grabbing her arms and turning them behind her back folding them there. This way, he had a hold on her arms with one hand. 

 Held up by his grip, Vanessa's belly rested on the hard wooden backrest while the rest of her upper body was kept horizontally. This way, her big heavy knockers hung down on the other side of the backrest. As the chair was a bit too high for Vanessa, she had to balance on her tiptoes. 

 With a jerk, the guy pushed Vanessa's tiny black vinyl miniskirt over her buttocks. Now, her ass lay open and accessible in front of him. It was a deeply abasing position. 

 "Ah! As I see this skank-ass has been in good use!" he commented on her slightly opened asshole. "This piece of trash is into some crude assfucking, isn't it?" 

 As he yanked on her folded arms, Vanessa knew that he wanted her to answer. He wasn't satisfied with humiliating her, he also wanted her to self-degrade herself. 

 "This dumb piece of shit whore deserves her skank-ass busted." Vanessa disgraced herself. 

 Just when she had finished her last word, he thrust his abdomen against her buttocks with a jerk as powerful as he could and his cock pistoned deeply into her ass. Explosively, her sphincter was squeezed asunder and stretched wide. 

 Immediately, the air was driven out of Vanessa's lungs and her anal ring screamed in protest. From the mighty thrust, she toppled forwards along the chair losing ground contact. For a moment, the shiny white vinyl boots hung freely in the air. Vanessa's entire body was only held by the grip on her folded arms. 

 A second later, he pushed his shaft out in one go and Vanessa fell back onto her tiptoes. 

 With a rumble, the chair dropped down onto the ground as well. 

 "Let's see if that whore-ass can take a proper dick-beating." he exclaimed before he went to town once again. 

 With the full strength of his body, he hammered his dick into her asshole. Powerfully, Vanessa was pushed forward. Again, she lost foothold her legs hanging freely in the air. Brutally, he thrust his tool up her ass chute till she felt his pubic hair on her ass cheeks. 

 For several seconds, he remained in this position leaving Vanessa hanging in his grip. With a flounce, he pushed his fuck stick out of her ass and let her topple back. The moment her tiptoes hit the ground, he rammed his abdomen forwards again. With a mighty impact, their bodies collided and his cock bored its way up her ass again. 

 He repeated this procedure over and over. Even with the training Vanessa's backdoor had received over the previous months, this was a tremendous onslaught. She was rendered completely helpless in his vice grip getting pushed around like a ragdoll. 

 Over and over, he brutally thrust her up into the air. Over and over, he used his vice grip to push her back and hammer his dick up her ass like a berserker at the same time. Every collision of her ass cheeks with his abdomen caused a loud slap as her quivering sphincter was literally fucked into submission. 

 All she could do was scream and grunt while taking the proper ass-beating. 

 After a time that seemed endless to Vanessa, he finally came. As soon as he had shot his load, he rolled the filled condom off his dick and threw it into the waste basket. Then he walked to the door. 

 In front of it, he suddenly stopped and grabbed a pen hanging on the wall next to the door. Then he made a note on a sheet of paper that was attached to the wall before he left. 

 All the while, Vanessa was still leaning over the hard wooden backseat panting heavily. Her sphincter felt like it had been torn apart. But she only knew too well that the night wasn't over by far. There were lots of more johns waiting for her -- at least she hoped so. 

 After all, she had proven herself as a great whore taking everything the Latino had dished out. 

 Still, the sheet of paper had attracted her attention. When she had gathered back her strength, she walked up to it and saw that it displayed an empty chart. The title read "Whore-Skills Rating". In the first row, the Latino had written "Sweat Munchin B-". 

 Reading his assessment, a shower ran down Vanessa's spine. She was getting judged as a hooker! Hadn't she proven her worth more than enough by now? Was Pavone still not convinced with her ability to work as the 'Red Rose Whore'? 

 With her hairs standing on end, Vanessa realized that she wasn't even a full- blown whore for Pavone -- she was only a whore-apprentice for him! Understanding this, she felt even more cruddy and worthless than before. 

 It took her a pretty long time to re-arrange herself for the next round of selling her fuckholes. All the time, she had to stomach the new degradation. 

 Eventually, she had reapplied her full overdone make-up with the dark smoky- eyes and wetly glistening red lips. She needed all the time to brace herself for the next john but still a lump remained in her throat. 

 Stepping back into the club, she approached another table once again asking her question. 

 "Wanna have a lay with Queeny Ho?" 

 The guy looked at her in total surprise. 

 "What the fuck!" he exclaimed. "I thought this is a decent club. Now, they even have some jaded gutter whores running around in here! Get out of my view, ho!" 

 It had happened once again! 

 Tears almost shot into Vanessa's eyes. She was ready to jump at the guy for calling her a 'jaded gutter whore'. But she stopped herself at the last second. She couldn't make a scene in the club. She knew Pavone expected her to keep all guests in a good mood and treat them with respect. She was the bottom bitch here - not them. 

 It took all her will-power to force another smile and apologize for her inappropriate stupid offer. 

 She couldn't believe that another guy had rejected her. The realization that she wasn't the hot slut all men were yearning for sunk deeper and deeper into her consciousness. Instead, she looked like a rotten trashy hoe no decent man wanted to lay a finger at. 

 She was getting rejected and this was even more embarrassing than hooking itself. She couldn't suffer another rebuff. She couldn't take another defeat. 

 Sweat covered her body when she approached the next table. He had to take her offer! Not by any stretch of imagination did she know what she would do otherwise.. 

 A blond guy was sitting at the table. With his biker rags, his long greasy ponytail and beard, he looked like a brute member of a motorcycle gang. But right now, Vanessa didn't care. The only thing important was to win him over. She needed his admiration. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 13 ****** byCathartico© "Wanna fuck this whore up for 100?" she simply asked holding her breath while waiting for his answer. 

 When he started running his eyes up and down her figure, she turned around sticking out her butt and raising her short miniskirt. It didn't feel whorish or cheap anymore. It came almost natural. Anything was fine to entice this guy. 

 "There's even a house-special if you like!" she commented the writing on her backside. 

 "Wow, 'Test Drive Miss Arrogance for 50'!" the biker exclaimed. 

 Finally, Vanessa knew what the day's house-special was and it was totally in line with the sheet in her room. The knowledge didn't relieve her a bit though. Instead, it meant that all those guys had a license to live out their deepest kinkiest fetish. They could have a shot at any perverted act they could come up with in order to test her limits. 

 Vanessa cursed Pavone -- that damned bastard. Her ass was already hurting but she knew too well that a hard long night was still lying ahead of her. 

 Only if you get more johns, a voice inside her head reminded her of the previous guests' dismissive attitude. Suddenly, this thought brought up a new feeling. And this emotion immediately eclipsed her anxiety. She had a new client. And somehow, she was deeply grateful to this guy. Her self-esteem couldn't have handled another rejection. 

 "Why don't you show me what a good little cocksucker you are before I throw any money after you!" the ponytailed guy asked Vanessa. "Give the bottle a throat job!" 

 Vanessa blanched. She couldn't understand why these guys were not lunging right at this trampy clad slut with supermodel looks., She couldn't imagine they had ever seen a better looking girl in real life -- even less one that was selling her holes to them. Still, they treated her like an ordinary street walker. 

 She had to gulp down her anger though. She needed this new client. She couldn't risk annoying him. 

 So she gripped the base of the bottle, her eyes looking coyly at the biker. She sucked the neck of the bottle in. Thereby she made a show of hollowing her cheeks as though she was sucking for all she was worth. 

 Then Vanessa began pushing the neck in and out of her mouth going deeper and faster every time. Slurping sounds started emanating from her mouth when spittle began gathering inside. 

 With the body of the bottle reaching her mouth, she had to slow down. The body was so big that her lips had to stretch almost to the breaking point. She had to press with all her might but eventually she managed to get it inside. Her wetly glistening, full lips stretched almost to the breaking point by the bottle was an extremely enticing sight. 

 Withdrawing the bottle, it was coated with her drool. Her cheeks, chin and neck were also covered in her spit as it had run out of the corners of her mouth. 

 "Good show, skank!" the biker commented. "You better deliver what the house- special promises!" 

 That comment spurred Vanessa on even more. Now, her anxiety was totally forgotten. She didn't care about the acts and ordeals lying ahead of her. All she cared about was the guys' attention. She needed to prove that she was a great whore to that man. 

 Like his predecessor, the biker took hold of the leash and led Vanessa to her room. The moment he had closed the door, he gripped her chin and looked at her face for a moment. 

 "Turning tricks like a cum burping gutter snipe!" he finally exclaimed. "And still those raised eyebrows and uppish expression scream from arrogance. That nickname is well deserved." 

 "Guess this bitch hasn't been broken in properly yet." he continued. "It's my turn to give you a proper rubdown then. And I never fail." 

 Vanessa trembled as she stood there in front of this brute guy. It was her second john and he wanted nothing more than to teach her a lesson. Pavone had more than succeeded in spurring his guests on to drive the arrogance out of Vanessa. 

 While this realization slowly sunk into Vanessa's mind, the guy pushed her down onto her knees and made good use of her whore-kisser drilling it like a boring machine. Before he shot his load though, he roughly turned her around. Dragging on the leash, he made her crawl over the grimy carpet right to the waste basket. 

 Out of the blue, he suddenly grabbed her neck and pushed her whoremug into the trash can. 

 "That's your place, worthless shitwhore!" he screamed. "Face in the dirt eating men's waste!" 

 Helplessly, Vanessa's arms waved though the air while her john dunked her head into the waste basket. 

 "Open that facecunt and suck the cum out of those condoms." 

 Vanessa thought she was about to feint from humiliation. This was so filthy, so incredibly repugnant and gross. 

 She couldn't do it. All she wanted was to get her head out of the garbage can. With all her power she pressed against the biker's vice grip. 

 "You don't wanna fulfil the house-special?" the guy asked her. "You wanna be a misbehaving scumbitch?" 

 "Fine, I thought I let you get away easily! But this dumb wench wants it the hard way!" he threatened Vanessa. "You can have it but you won't like it!" 

 Vanessa was getting scared by the brute biker. She didn't want to imagine what he had up his sleeve. But she was certain he was capable of any vile act. 

 She was defeated. Her will to fight was gone. Slowly, she opened her mouth and slurped in the first condom. At once, the gummy bitter taste hit her. It must have been the Latino's rubber as the cum was still liquid and fresh. But the waste basket was pretty filled with lots of old condoms. 

 This only added to the perverted character of the action. Vanessa couldn't belief what she was doing. Still, she continued sucking up the seedy rank goo. 

 When she spit out the first condom, the john's dick was suddenly pushed right into her cunt. 

 With a slurping noise, it easily slid inside. One more time, her cunt was leaking from the utter debasement. 

 While pumping his tool in and out of her cunt, the guy started spanking her ass cheeks with one hand rendering them red in a minute. 

 With the other one, he held her head down in the waste basket leaving Vanessa no way to escape. Instead, he stuck her nose deep into the mass of condoms forcing her to eat another rubber. 

 Each of his thrusts literally propelled her deeper into the cellar of sexual perversions. They spelled out and hammered into her soul that she neither was nor deserved to be anything else than a depraved fuckslut. She was a whore nothing was too filthy, too kinky or too perverse for. 

 With the second rubber, the gummy bitter taste intensified. This time, the cum wasn't fresh anymore. She didn't even know where or from when it was coming. She wasn't here to ask questions though. She was here to be used as a toy for men's most perverse fantasies. 

 The cum had turned rancid. It was clinging tightly to the condom and the taste was simply mind-numbing. Vanessa had to scrape the hard sticky chunks off with her tongue and she almost puked right there and then. 

 The ponytailed guy made her eat two more old rancid rubbers while he banged her cunt. Then he finally released his load into his condom. 

 Turning Vanessa around, he rolled it off. With the hair-handle, he forced her face upwards and made her stick out her tongue while he turned the rubber inside out letting his cum dribble into her mouth in a long white gooey string. 

 Vanessa had barely swallowed his load when she received a final disdainful sneer from the biker. And then he was gone. Of course not before writing down the next perverted whore trick he had just tested. 

 When Vanessa looked at the chart, she read "Human Garbage Can B". Involuntarily, she let out a grunt of disappointment. Again, it wasn't an A. It had been one of the most humiliating experiences she had ever endured but she had kept up. She deserved more than a B for that ordeal! 

 Again, Vanessa was sitting in the sleazy room, rearranging her make-up. The whore assessment wasn't leaving her alone though. All the while, she was contemplating the grades she had received until now. Somehow, it bothered her that she hadn't gotten a top grade yet. 

 She was the perfect whore! She only deserved top grades! 

 The ordeal of being forced to fulfil any perverted act and being judged for it, felt unbelievably humiliating. Still, Vanessa knew exactly that she couldn't bear ending the night without getting an A. 

 Her annoyance even increased when Pavone walked into her room after two hours to check on his cashcow. Of course, he took a look at the chart. 

 "Woah!" he exclaimed. "Not as good as expected! Seems like those slutholes ain't worth as much as expected!" 

 Turning to Vanessa, he advised her 

 "Don't need no 5$ chippy in my club! Better get some As before the night is over or we gotta reduce your prices. You don't wanna walk the streets during the day to bring in enough money, do you?" 

 Vanessa groaned in despair. She couldn't believe it! She didn't want to believe it! 

 It should be an honour for Pavone to have her working in his club! But the entire day went into a completely unexpected direction. She was no glamorous superwhore men yearned to be allowed to touch. She was a trashy piece of fuckmeat accepting any treatment for money. 

 Over the course of the night, the chart slowly filled. Her johns tested any kinky fetish they could come up with. At the end of the night, Vanessa couldn't even remember every act they had forced her to endure. 

 All Vanessa knew was that they had made her fulfil any disgusting kink she could think of. First thing her johns did when stepping into the room was to read the chart to see which fetish had already been tested. Then they tried to come up with an even more perverted act. It was like a game. Every guy was out to conceive the most depraved idea. 

 Vanessa couldn't believe how many ways of humiliation they found. But she was dead certain that there were several degradations she would never forget in her entire life. 

 But bothering her the most were the grades she was getting. Her johns weren't willing to give her an A. It seemed like they were giving some leeway for a fetish they planned to test another time. 

 Another round of the house-special was definitely nothing Vanessa was looking for though. And walking the streets like Pavone had threatened wasn't a pleasant prospect either. It was the last thing she ever wanted to do. She had too much self-respect to ever do that. She was too beautiful and too good to ever sink that low. 

 With every john not giving her an A grade, her desperation grew. Right there and then, she was willing to do anything to prevent Pavone's threat from happening. Finally, her despair became bigger than any inhibition she had. 

 Vanessa had to force down the sting of further humiliation and disgust but at that very moment she was willing to degrade herself as much as necessary. 

 So she took the initiative when one of her tricks skull fucked her so hard that he drilled the slobber right out of her mouth and produced a puddle of drool on the carpet. When he took a short break to catch a breath, Vanessa offered to clean the mess she had made. 

 A simple look at the carpet almost made her puke though. If the stained mattress in the trailer park had been a disgusting sight, the carpet was worse by far. It was unbelievably grubby and filthy. In no way had it ever been cleaned during the last decade. 

 The fear of being forced to walk the streets pressed down the urge to vomit. Retching dryly, Vanessa bent down and forced herself to lick the slobber off the filthy carpet. All the while, endless disgust was written all over her face. 

 Still, Vanessa proceeded to lick off the slobbery mass. She even begged the john to spur her on by kicking her ass. The guy used this invitation to kick her ass hard enough that her entire face was dragged through the drool. The sight turned him on so much that he shot his load right into the puddle on the carpet. And of course, Vanessa licked off his sperm as well. 

 Vanessa remained kneeling on the carpet for several minutes until the john was long gone. Finally, she got up the courage to look at the chart and was more than relieved. Her effort hadn't been in vain. She had finally received an A. 

 But the relief was only short-lived. Up to her last john, she didn't get another A grade and the desperation crawled back up her throat with every mark she got. 

 Walking back into the club room, Vanessa saw the final guy sitting at the bar chatting with Mark. She felt a pinch of shame when she realized that she had to sell herself in front of Mark's eyes. But she was too eager to please this guy to hesitate for long. She needed another A grade! 

 Of course, Mark was watching the entire scene with a huge grin plastered onto his face. 

 Apparently, he had informed the guy about the new 'Red Rose Whore'. So her final john made Vanessa show off her whore-goods to the fullest as she had to lean forward and shake her tits to make them juggle wildly while the bracelets jingled in time with them. 

 When the two guys had fully savoured the amazing sight, Vanessa was ordered to present her slut-ass with the house-special written all over her cheeks. The guy had ordered her to bend over and spread her buttocks to show off her whore- holes. 

 Under Mark's amused gaze, she closed her eyes and gulped down the glob of humiliation. Finally, she acted like a well-behaved hooker and put her fine French-manicured fingers onto her buttocks to spread her sweet cheeks apart. 

 Two fucked-open holes glowing dark red in their swollen state came to light. Her worn out, sore pussy flaps and anal ring told the story of the numerous dicks that had filled her fuckholes. 

 "Wow!" the guy exclaimed. "Those whore-holes have seen a lot of action!" 

 "Guess I need to come up with something special to get my money's worth." he commented. 

 These derogatory words didn't help Vanessa's hope for a happy ending and her desperation increased another notch. 

 When the guy was standing in front of the chart unable to come up with another perverted act, Vanessa started panicking. She knew too well that her working shift was almost over and Pavone's advice was still ringing in her ears. She needed a top grade to calm him down. Even more, she needed the grade to feel better herself after the constant degradations. 

 In her despair, she was willing to do anything at all costs. So she made a final frantic effort. Even while she made her offer, she realized that she would regret it the next day. But she had to take the chance. 

 "Please, stretch out my holes! I'm a dirty hooker! I need something big filling my ass!" she sweet-talked in the most provocative way she could raising her eyebrows naughtily and looking as arrogantly as possible. 

 The john simply looked at her with surprise written all over his face. 

 "Didn't you ever wanna wreck some whore-ass. Didn't you ever wanna look deep down a shredded poop chute?" Vanessa attempted to entice him with more self- degradation. "I'm just a dumb ho that needs her shitter abused. I deserve it!" 

 The guy still didn't look too convinced. 

 Finally, Vanessa tried another angle. 

 "I bet you don't have the balls to treat me the way a real fuckpig needs it. You're just a little pussy I eat for breakfast." she challenged him. 

 And it did the trick. Obviously, her words had hit a weak spot as his face turnied bright red in anger. He gripped Vanessa's arm and rudely threw her onto the bed. Positioning her with her face down and ass up, he forced her to spread her buttocks with her fine French-manicured fingers. 

 A second later, she yelped out with a high-pitched voice. In only a second, he had proven to her that her foreboding had been right and that her provocation had overshot the mark. 

 With one powerful jerk, the guy had jabbed four fingers through her swollen sphincter causing tears to shoot into her eyes. Vanessa's asshole had already been done for the day. It was sore with her anal ring out of shape and bulging from the numerous assfucks she had received and didn't close to its fullest anymore. 

 A moment later, the john's thumb was inside her anal cavity as well stretching her sore ass even further. The guy didn't give her any time to adjust to the size. Just as she had begged him, he started wrecking her ass for good. 

 He shoved his hand right out of her ass again leaving an open gap. Then his five fingers went back inside deep down her dark tunnel. Forming a fist inside her asshole, he turned it around stretching out her anal walls another notch. 

 Vanessa started trembling from the pressure. Groaning and grunting constantly, she had problems keeping her hands on her buttocks while her ass wriggled madly on its own. 

 The guy only laughed at the desperate sight of the dumb whore. Every time her hands lost contact with her ass cheeks, she received a smack to her ass. 

 "Not so cocky anymore, are you?" he mocked Vanessa before he continued his work yanking his clenched fist out of her ass with a start. Her anal ring was ripped wide open as abruptly as possible. 

 Vanessa screamed out anew while the john enjoyed the sight of the huge crater left behind. 

 Vanessa's shriek hadn't even subsided when the next scream began. The john had just punched his clenched fist back through the swollen shreds of her backdoor. 

 The next minutes, Vanessa realized that it had been an imprudent offer she had made as the guy had gotten all fired up thrusting his clenched fist in and out of her quivering ass chute. 

 Although the pressure on her anal muscle occupied her senses, the thought of getting a top grade was still in her mind. While the guy went wild on her asshole, she started spurring him on. 

 "Punish my slutty butt! Make my ass cum!" she screamed while she frantically rubbed her snatch to relieve the pain. 

 By then, there was no muscle strength left in her sphincter. Her asshole gave way like warm butter every time the john's fist was shoved down her ass chute. 

 Eventually, the mixture of pleasure and pain made her reach the longed for height and she came. 

 When her orgasm was finally gone, he pushed his fist back out and her butthole remained open like a barn door. It was gaping so wide that the guy shoved two fingers into Vanessa's cunt and pushed the membrane separating her ass and pussy through her ripped-open shitter. 

 The dark red skin of her pussy wall glistened when it slid in front of the dark tunnel. The thin, smooth flesh formed a stark contrast to the swollen ripped anal ring. Over and over, the guy pushed the membrane up making it look as if the red flesh closed the crater like a slide door. 

 It was an extremely perverted sight greeting the john and it turned him on so tremendously that he finally thrust his cock into Vanessa's wet cunt. 

 She let out a sigh of relief when she felt him pumping away at her pussy. She had withstood the ordeal once again and given her client a perfect show. He had put the pertly slut into her place and lived out his perverted fantasy. 

 But she knew too well that her sore asshole would make her regret the provocation the next day. 

 While Vanessa's thoughts were running off the track, her client suddenly let her feel that he wasn't done yet. Out of the blue, he wriggled one finger into her snatch followed by another one. 

 Vanessa let out another yelp when she felt the strain on her cunt walls. But he didn't stop. Another finger stretched her cunt walls wider then ever before and the fourth one went inside as well. 

 By now, Vanessa was constantly screaming again. Her cunt felt like it was strained to the maximum. But then her shrieks turned up another notch when his thumb plopped inside as well. 

 With his entire hand inside her snatch, the guy suddenly did something completely unexpected. 

 He wrapped his fist around his dick! Then he started jerking himself off inside Vanessa with his hand deep in her cunt. Vanessa was totally helpless. She felt like her whole body got speared leaving herself unable to move. Only her butt started awkwardly twitching and jerking around the two cunt invaders all on its own. She couldn't even scream anymore. All she was capable of was to groan and grunt from the immense pressure. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 13 ****** byCathartico© After the guy had cum, Vanessa simply slumped down on the bed. She didn't have any strength left. 

 Her last john was long gone when she finally made it to the chart. He had given her an A. She had suffered a lot for it. But somehow it made her proud. Vanessa felt like a first-grader happy about getting its first report card. And all at once, her first shift as the 'Red Rose Whore' appeared in a positive light. 

 * 

 to be continued ... 

 *Vanessa's first week as 'The Red Rose Whore' goes on* Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 14 ****** byCathartico© With a scream, Vanessa's eyes shot open. Her body was trembling. Water was splashing out of the tub onto the tiled floor of her bathroom. 

 She was back in reality. And rushing through her body was one of the most earth-shattering orgasms she had ever experienced. The memories of her first day as the 'Red Rose Whore' had aroused her tremendously and taken her to a new dimension of bliss. 

 When she finally came down from her high, she slowly got aware of her surroundings. She was lying in the tub in her bathroom. 

 This scenery instantly reminded her of last Tuesday. And Vanessa's mind wandered back to that moment at Tuesday afternoon. 

 While the memories started rerunning in front of her eyes, her hand slowly roamed over her voluptuous tits down to her pussy. 

 --- 

 That Tuesday, Vanessa awoke to sunbeams tickling her face. The sun was shining brightly into her bedroom as it was long past noon. 

 Although she had slept for a long time, her body still felt drained. Instantly, she felt her holes aching from the extreme workout she had endured during the past night -- her first night of hooking in the 'Red Rose Club'. 

 Vanessa slowly got up and headed straight to the bathroom. There she climbed into the bath tub to relax her aching body. Working all night long had been extremely exhausting. 

 Vanessa felt that the long bath had been utterly needed when she finally stepped out of the bath. Her holes felt surprisingly fresh and tight again. 

 She didn't have a lot of time to relax any further though. Even less, she didn't have any time to process all the information and feelings she had been assailed with. It was already time to get dressed for the next shift. 

 There had been countless disturbing, oppositional emotions she couldn't quite grasp yet. She had felt abysmal humiliations but she had also felt an overwhelming surge of pride rush through her body when she had received the second A grade. 

 Dressing up though, the memories of the severe degradations stuck out like a sore thumb. And it didn't really help making her look forward to the coming night. 

 Her anxiety and rejection were only increased when Mark opened her wardrobe. Inside, she saw the whore-dresses for the next days neatly threaded like pearls on a string. Vanessa had been so exhausted that she hadn't even noticed Mark carrying a bag of clothes out of the club. 

 Pavone had acted on his thread. There was no escape. She had to dress like the cheap whore before she even left her apartment. 

 Half an hour later, a woman left the apartment building no resident had ever seen before. The term 'woman' was far too nice to describe the person tottering over the front yard though. 

 She wore a bright red latex miniskirt that was more like a broad belt than a skirt as it didn't even cover the hem of her buttocks. Her upper body was clad in a short black leather jacket that was typically worn by street walkers and left her naked belly completely uncovered. 

 The most striking attire covered her legs though. Her feet were tucked in some shiny black latex overknee boots with huge metal spiked heels. Typical hooker- boots only a street walker ever dared wearing. Black fishnet stockings jutted out of the overknees ending just beneath the red miniskirt leaving the top band visible and making her look even more whorish. 

 At least, Vanessa was glad for the jacket as she only wore a black fishnet top underneath. That top stopped right beneath her full melons and didn't hide her glorious big tits in any way. Mark had even pushed her silver nipple rings through the fences to show them off in full glory. 

 Of course the red lipstick and smoky eye make-up was just as heavily painted as the day before giving her an appearance as cheap as possibly imaginable. 

 Her entire appearance only screamed one word -- HOOKER! 

 Vanessa tried hurrying through the front yard as fast as possible in an attempt to get to the car unnoticed. She had never been displayed as a whore in her neighbourhood and it made her nervous as hell. 

 Insecure, she looked around the yard. She didn't want to become the gossip of the entire apartment block. She was scared of her neighbours recognizing her. And of course, she was even more afraid of their reaction to her whorish appearance. 

 What if the old couple living next door saw her dressed like that? Vanessa could very well imagine their disgusted expressions next time she'd met them on the stairs. 

 What would the gang of young guys hanging around the front yard most time of the day do if they saw her in this cheap hooker outfit? Since day one, they had eyed her with lust filled eyes. Would they holler and wolf-whistle her? 

 Of course, her overknee boots with the high heels didn't allow her to walk as fast as she liked. Instead, it made her totter over the concrete with her ass jiggling tantalizingly. 

 Fortunately, there were little people outside at this time of day. Only two cars passed by. The first one simply honked while driving by. When the second one passed, the window got lowered and a young man hung his head out. 

 "Hey slut, you need a ride?" he screamed at her. "C'mon, you look like you desperately need a ride on my lap, bitch!" 

 Vanessa felt goose bumps covering her whole body but she resisted the urge to look at the guy. So he sped off honking till he turned the corner. 

 They had only made it halfway over the yard when the janitor walked out of the apartment building to her right. 

 He was a sleazy middle-aged man who wore his dirty greasy boiler suit at all times. He always eyed her with lust-filled eyes making Vanessa feel like she was getting stripped off all her clothes with his greedy gazes. Every time she had run into him, she had felt in need of a shower to wash off the grease. 

 This time wasn't any different. When he noticed the bitched-up slut walking across the front yard, he remained standing in the door and leaned against the doorframe with his outstretched arm as if trying to strike a pose. Instead, the huge pit stain under his arm became visible. Even worse, he absentmindedly started scratching his ass while his eyes roamed from her hooker overknee boots to the visible lower edge of her bottom. 

 Vanessa blushed deeply and felt a huge lump forming in her throat. There weren't any other redheads living in the apartment block. He must have figured out who she was! 

 Vanessa tried looking to the other side as hard as she could but his pose brought back the memory of her first john. Only this time, she saw herself licking the armpit of the greasy janitor in front of her inner eye. It was the worst, most revolting idea she could imagine. From the thought alone, she felt sick to the stomach. 

 The janitor didn't react in any way though. Instead, he let her walk by with his eyes glued to her luscious curves. But his gaze didn't leave her curvy ass cheeks till she had finally reached the car. 

 Walking into the club, Vanessa passed a blackboard that had been set next to the entrance door. It grabbed her attention immediately -- or rather the text written onto it did. It was a new house-special for the day! 

 A shudder rushed down Vanessa's spine when she read it. She couldn't tear her eyes off the board it's meaning slowly sinking into her mind. 

 She was so endorsed by it that she didn't even notice Pavone walking up to her. 

 "As you can see, I really liked the idea of the house-special." he commented with a grin plastered onto his face. "And the whore-assessment proved that there's a lot of room for improvement for this tacky hooker." 

 "Please, sir!" Vanessa tried pleading with her master. "This slut has been a good whore for you! She got her A grades!" 

 In Vanessa's memory she had been the perfect 'Red Rose Whore'. The best whore her johns would ever get their hands on. 

 "Your johns had a different opinion!" Pavone responded. "And a decent whore has to mind any of her johns' wishes!" 

 "Every day of the week, there's gonna be a special offer!" he continued giving Vanessa chills. "So you can extensively practice the services you failed." 

 Ice-cold shudders were running up and down Vanessa's spine. She was too stunned to react at first. All she knew was that this was worse than anything she had expected for tonight - especially the word 'failed' kept ringing in her ears stabbing her pride. 

 She still couldn't move when Pavone stripped her off her leather jacket and put the leash around her neck. Just when she felt a well-known smack to her ass, she got going stumbling into the club room. 

 And thereby, her second day of selling her fuckholes began. 

 "May this whore service you, Sir?" Vanessa recited her text when she had reached the first table. By now, this self degrading introduction came over her lips naturally. 

 "Hmmm," the giant man sitting at the table answered weighing his head. "What about that house-special I read?" 

 Vanessa gulped. Of course, she wasn't lucky and a simple fuck wasn't enough to please that guy. 

 "For 50 bucks, this cheap skank's gonna spit shine your feet!" Vanessa answered with a small voice while the writing on the blackboard appeared in front of her eyes -- 'Foot Licking for 50'. 

 "Without any ifs and buts? No matter how dirty or unwashed?" the guy asked taken by surprise. 

 "This shitwhore is filthier than any feet can be!" she responded without thinking about her words. 

 As soon as she realized what she had just uttered, her mouth gasped open from astonishment. She couldn't believe that she had responded this way right on cue and had even meant every single word of it. 

 The humiliation swept through her body while these words produced a smile on the big man's face. He didn't even finish his beer. Instead, he simply grabbed the leash and led Vanessa up to her room, taking the full bottle along. 

 Inside the room, he immediately dragged her onto her knees by the leash. He threw 150 dollar deprecatingly onto the ground before he quickly undressed. All the while, Vanessa was left kneeling on the filthy carpet with time to picture the inevitable ordeal. 

 When the hulky man was naked, he stepped in front of the kneeling whore towering all over her. His giant figure made Vanessa gulp. 

 But then something else hit her. A biting stench crept up her nose. The guy reeked of sweat. This smell once again caused Vanessa to remember the Latino pressing her face into his sweaty, stinking armpit. The sheer memory almost made her puke. 

 And the stink this guy oozed was even worse. The smell made her wrinkle her nose. When the guy saw her pained expression, he told her 

 "Sorry little lady. Came here straight from the construction side. Had no time to take a shower yet." 

 By his words, the look on Vanessa's face instantly became pained. The stench was already sickening. But picturing herself sucking such a sweaty dick and even worse licking his dirty, sweaty feet clean was nauseating. 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to ask him to have a wash, the constructor ordered. 

 "Open!" his firm voice made it crystal clear that he had paid for the whore and he would get the service he asked for. After all, Vanessa had told him to serve him no matter what. 

 Still, Vanessa hesitated. She almost had to cough from the biting smell alone. Her hesitation only got her a slap to the face as reward though making her cheek glow. 

 "You're gonna open that kisser now and then you're gonna fuck your whore-mug on my dick." he told her menacingly. 

 "You're gonna ram that throat of yours with my dick till that slutface is turned into a crying clown mask. Do you understand me?" 

 Vanessa nodded timidly. With all the lipgloss, her lips glistened obscenely as if waiting to be parted by a hard dick. Cautiously, she opened those big suck- lips. The closer she came to the guy's cock the nastier the smell became. Working up all her courage, she opened her mouth and slowly pushed the dick inside. 

 She only got the cockhead inside before she was cringing on the ground retching dryly. A sharp stench of perspiration had crept up her nose while the rank taste had burned itself into her taste buds. She had sucked dirty dicks and munched asses before. But this was filthier than anything she had done before. 

 Shyly, she looked back up the giant figure. He didn't move. Instead, he took a sip from his beer simply waiting for her to continue her work. 

 Vanessa knew that she had to overcome her revolt. She had to please this ugly, stinking constructor as fast as possible to get it over with. 

 One more time, she positioned herself in front of his dick. Looking like a deer caught in the headlights, she opened her mouth again. 

 "You're gonna do some dirty talk telling me how much you love devouring my sweaty, dirty cock, you understand fuckwhore?" the guy responded to her pained, disgusted expression. 

 Vanessa had to gulp down hard before she could bring a word over her lips. 

 "Hm ... Hm ... Hmmmm!" she had to take several tries before she got the best imitation of a purr out. 

 "Treat this dirty ho as she deserves. Give her some filth to shut up her dirty kisser!" she said trying to look seductively but failing miserably. 

 The filthy guy loved her desperate show though. Especially, the harsh contrast between her disgusted expression and enticing words made him laugh dirtily. 

 While the gross guy had a good laugh about the whore, Vanessa hesitantly put her lips around his dick. 

 Slowly pushing forward, the shaft disappeared halfway into her mouth before she started retching again. 

 "Let me give you a helping hand." he offered. 

 Then he poured some of the beer over his cock. 

 "Lick it off." he ordered. 

 Vanessa gratefully looked up at him. His cock tasted so rancid it was sickening. Anything would make it better. 

 "Thank you for your gift sir! After a hard days work sir deserves a human drain to flush down all the dirt and sweat." 

 "Hmmm, this dirty whore-kisser is the perfect drain to be soiled!" she degraded herself further trying her best at dirty talk. 

 Again, she inhaled his cock. At once, the bitter taste of beer registered in her brain. Only, the rank sweaty taste was still present. She started choking and retching again. But this time, she forced her face further down until his cock hit the back of her throat. Withdrawing her face, drool oozed out of the corners of her mouth. 

 While Vanessa breathed heavily preparing herself for the next go, the giant guy poured more beer over his dick. 

 Gazing up at him, her look only became more pained almost pleading for him to stop the disgusting ordeal. 

 "Dumb whore! You need even more help?" the huge guy exclaimed. "Open that kisser wide fucking skank!" 

 Vanessa didn't dare angering him any further so she opened her mouth immediately. 

 Holding the bottle over her face, he let the liquid pour straight into her mouth. Vanessa almost choked on the stream of beer. 

 Before she had a chance to swallow the alcohol, he gripped her head and rammed her face down his shaft. When his dick hit the back of her throat, he forcefully pressed his shaft into her gullet until she had swallowed his entire member. 

 Vanessa violently gagged and squirmed and choked as his shaft pushed the beer down her throat. She didn't have a chance to control the gulping of the liquid making it incredibly uncomfortable. She almost puked the whole load back up over his cock. Her arms helplessly waved through the air but to no avail. The guy simply pressed her face into his groin keeping his cock deep down her throat. 

 Even worse, she still hadn't gotten used to the awful taste. Keeping the foul cock down her throat for so long, the repellent flavour consumed her entire mind and the bitter beer only added to the repulsiveness. 

 The constructor didn't care though. He had paid for the piece of shit whore and now he was about to make full use of the fuckmeat. 

 So he started ramming her face up and down her shaft causing gagging noises to fill the room. Tears started running out of Vanessa's eyes drawing a black line of mascara down her cheeks. With every thrust up and down his shaft, her lips scraped up more of the icky rancid sweat covering his dick. It was so vile that it made Vanessa nauseas. 

 He only let her face go to let her utter some more dirty talk. It incredibly hard for Vanessa to urge the guy on and talk all dirty while the act was so disgusting and gross that she felt like running away. 

 "Hmmm! Use this whoremouth properly. It's nothing more than a sponge to clean your stinking dick!" was all Vanessa could say before her lips were pushed back over the disgusting dick again. 

 The second time, the giant guy let her face go, Vanessa had to desperately gasp for air while long strings of slobber connected her mouth and chin with his dick. Again, Vanessa had to force herself to continue the dirty talk. 

 "Oh yeah! That's the way to treat a foul-mouthed whore! Fill her dirty kisser with some foulness!" 

 The last words turned into spluttering when the john began spilling beer into her mouth till it was filled to the rim with beer again. Before Vanessa had a chance to swallow, his dick was rammed down her gullet forcefully pushing the liquid into her stomach. 

 Vanessa choked violently and this time she couldn't keep it down anymore. Some of the bitter liquid rose back up into her throat before she could press it down again. The sore taste burned into her throat mixing with the rancid taste of sweat and dirt. 

 The facial onslaught was so harsh that Vanessa was squirming around on the floor. But it didn't stop the john in the slightest. He simply continued pistoning her mouth up and down his shaft as if it was a fist jacking him off. 

 He seemed possessed by walking the talk. More and more slime oozed out of her mouth covering her lower face. She felt the strings of slobber hanging down her chin swaying back and forth till they tore off and landed on her big fat tits. 

 Eventually, his beer was empty. So the john stopped the skull fucking holding Vanessa's face between his huge hands. With his giant figure towering above her, he looked down onto her and watched his achievement. 

 The black mascara had formed a large, blurry pool around her eyes and several long streaks of black make-up had run down over her cheeks. 

 "Does sir like what he sees?" Vanessa asked. "Thanks for turning this bitched- up skank face into a dirty soiled whore mask!" 

 Again, the guy laughed about Vanessa's self-degrading words. But he wasn't finished by far. He hadn't cum yet and the house-special was still lying ahead of Vanessa. 

 From the disgusting act, she had totally forgotten that the worst was yet to come. She had to lick the feet of this filthy, sweaty man clean. With his dick smelling and tasting like rotten off, the sheer imagination of his feet almost made her faint. 

 The john wasn't in the mood for objection anymore though. Using his pure strength, he pushed Vanessa down with the hair-handle leaving her no chance for refusal. 

 With her face hovering over his naked feet, Vanessa had a perfect view at them. The guy started flexing his toes up and down and she could see the splintered, ragged dirty nails. The pungent penetrating stench of sweat and filth hit her nose once again. It seemed impossible, but the smell was even more intense. 

 Closer and closer he hauled her face to his toes. Vanessa started retching dryly from the reeking sting. Every fibre of her body resisted the ugly, disgusting ordeal. Still, she forced herself to spur the john on in between the choking. 

 "Oooh, it's so gross! Those dirty, stinking feet are perfectly suited for such a nasty shitwhore!" 

 Despite her encouraging words, Vanessa body still resisted the pressure on her head. 

 "Open!" the constructer finally ordered with a voice that didn't allow any protest. 

 After last night, Vanessa knew her position too well. Still, it took all her strength to overcome her disgust. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 14 ****** byCathartico© The moment, her lips opened, he pulled her mouth over his big toe. Obviously, the guy hadn't washed his feet for several days. And that was exactly the way it tasted. 

 Vanessa lost control over her body and puke shot into her mouth. She barely managed to keep it inside not letting it splatter all over the guy's foot. 

 Still sucking on his big toe, she gulped the horribly vile pulp down. It tasted even more revolting than Pavone's pissload. It was so nasty that it almost came back up again. 

 All the while, Vanessa sucked the sweat and dirt off his big toe. When the bitter rancid taste had gone, she let go and looked shyly up at the hulk of a man. 

 "Ain't finished skank!" he exclaimed. "Lick between the toes. And let me hear how much you enjoy it!" 

 Tears welled up in Vanessa's eyes when she obediently stuck out her tongue and bored it in the gap between his toes. Sweat and filth had piled up especially thick. 

 "Hmmm! Urgh! Hmmm! Urgh! Hmmm! Urgh!" 

 With her mouth open and tongue out, she tried purring as best as she could. But the aversion and disgust she felt caused pitiful retching sounds to mix with it while her tongue bored into the thin, cheesy crust. Over and over, she licked on it to soften it. Everything that came into her mouth, she swallowed down. 

 Vanessa perceived nothing more than the dirt and sweat on her taste buds. The penetrating stench caused black dots to flicker in front of her eyes. The extremely putrid taste fought a hard battle to destroy her senses forever. And the constant gagging made her throat hurt. All the while she kept on purring. 

 "Hmmm! Urgh! Hmmm! Urgh! Hmmm! Urgh!" 

 The degrading dead made her hair stand on end but after sucking the first gap clean, she took on the next one. Little by little, she sucked on every toe and cleaned the cheesy smut layer off of every gap. 

 Finally, she had succeeded in cleaning his right toe. 

 With the hold on her hair, the constructer forced her to turn around and pushed her face back down onto the ground. Vanessa was still too nauseas from the rancid taste to object. She didn't even realize what was happening before her face hit the ground -- or rather the soiled grimy carpet. 

 "Spread those whoreholes, dumb piece of fuckmeat!" the giant guy screamed at her. 

 He was towering over her watching her do as she was told. Now, she was kneeling face down ass up on the dirty carpet offering her cunt and asshole to him. Then he brought his face close to hers. 

 "It's 100 for any hole, isn't it?" he asked. 

 The huge hulk of a man frightened Vanessa. She simply wanted to get over with this ordeal, so she meekly nodded her head and told the john. 

 "Any hole is just a dumpster for sir's smut and cum!" 

 "What a desperate piece of trash!" he responded disdainfully. 

 "You better spread that ass wide!" he commented. 

 Vanessa closed her eyes shut and fearfully pulled on her buttocks as hard as she could with her fine French-manicured fingers to open her fuckholes as wide as possible. 

 A second later, a yelp escaped her lips. The guy had drilled his cock right into her ass. Fortunately, his cock had been coated with Vanessa's throat slime making him slide in all the way. Still, her tiny little butthole was violently ripped open at a single blow. 

 The big man started thrusting into her ass at a slow pace. Therefore, he laid his full weight into every stroke pushing Vanessa's entire body forward with each push and pulling her back afterwards. Her face and knees were painfully dragged over the filthy carpet. She could even feel the damp muck on her cheek. 

 

 Suddenly, his left foot appeared in front of her face. Vanessa didn't even need another order to know exactly what he was expecting. 

 Slowly, she opened her mouth again. She could already taste the filth even before her tongue touched his foot. It was so prominently burned into her mind. 

 Again, she had to suck his toes and lick the cheese layer out of the gaps. It wasn't as easy this time as her body was thrust back and forth over the grimy carpet non-stop with the constructer reaming her sphincter for good. 

 Finally, he was ready to cum. Hastily, he pulled out of her asshole. With a tug on the leash, he made Vanessa kneel in front of him. She had barely time to open her slut-kisser before he shot his thick load right into her mouth. 

 Swallowing down his load, Vanessa gazed up at the guy. To the blurry pool of black mascara around her eyes and streaks of dark make-up over her cheeks, slurred lipstick all around her mouth up to her cheeks had been added when her face had been shoved all over the carpet. 

 Her face looked exactly like a crying clown's mask. And it perfectly displayed the way she felt at that exact moment. 

 It didn't get much better over the course of the night. The rest of her johns weren't as sweaty and dirty as the constructor though. 

 Still, Pavone had been so kind to provide her with a drink after every client. 

 After every john was finished with the whore, she had to walk to the bar and ask Mark 

 "Please sir, may this fuckwhore get a drink? Let this stupid whore get a fresh taste. This dirthoe deserves to get the full flavour of her next john's stinking feet!" 

 The words were so degrading, they almost made her cry. The first time she stood in front of Mark, she only mumbled them lowly. 

 But of course, Mark requested her to repeat them over and over again till she had to scream them out aloud. 

 And every guest in the club heard the meaning making them laugh loud and dirty about the desperate club whore. 

 With the drink, her tongue and taste buds didn't get too numb over the night and the foul, sickening taste attacked her recovered taste buds every time anew. 

 To Vanessa's surprise, the guys were very creative in the way they made her lick and clean their feet. The face down bottom up position with a dick up her ass and a dirty toe in her mouth was clearly the favourite of the night. 

 But over the course of her hooker shift, Vanessa got to know several positions to lick feet. 

 Several johns enjoyed sitting down on the edge of the bed with Vanessa squatting down in front of them with her legs spread wide. For some of them, she had to maul her big juicy tits and stretch her nipples with her rings while others wanted her to rub her pussy. 

 All the while, they pushed one of their dirty feet right into her mouth fucking her face with it and making her gag on it. They didn't stop until she had eventually orgasmed. And every time, it took quiet a while for Vanessa to cum. The sheer disgust and icky taste suppressed her orgasm prolonging the gross act. 

 An especially evil guy simply made her spread open her pussy lips pulling on her cunt rings while he fucked her pussy with his foot. First, he only pushed his big toe in and out. But making Vanessa stretch her cunt lips further and further, one toe after the other slipped into her snatch. 

 Vanessa had a hard time keeping her balance while the guy roughly shoved his toes in and out of her cunt making her look even more pathetic. 

 She whined and whimpered all the time but eventually her juices started flowing. Then, the evil john pushed his toes out of her snatch and made Vanessa clean off her pussy juice that had mixed with the dirt. He wouldn't stop till Vanessa orgasmed all over his foot shoved deep up her cunt. 

 A few other johns enjoyed sitting on the bed making Vanessa kneel parallel to them. She had to stick her ass up in the air and her face down on the grimy, ugly carpet. They liked stepping onto her cheek with one foot after the other rubbing their feet over her face and making her lick their calloused, sweaty soles with her tongue. 

 All the while, they either smacked her ass till it was glowing bright red to spur her on or they jammed up to four fingers through her poor quivering sphincter. 

 Vanessa even had to address them telling them 

 "Thank you sir for using this stupid slut as your doormat! Finally, this worthless whore is of any use!" 

 And this harsh self-degradation even caused a few tears to run down Vanessa's cheeks. She felt so humiliated advertising herself as a pure fuck device. A fuck commodity that was too stupid to do anything on her own but could only be used. 

 As the second night of hooking went on, guys rejecting her advances became less and less. In fact, there was only one guy who only wanted to watch the strippers. 

 Vanessa even dared telling him 

 "Sir, this scumwhore is your chance to live out your dirtiest fantasies! Nothing is too filthy for this lewd fuckpig. Please wipe your dirty feet on this nasty whore's tongue!" 

 Surprisingly, this self-degradation even felt strangely good to Vanessa. It was the only guy rejecting her service. It made her proud that all the other guests had come to use the special, nasty service of the 'Red Rose Whore'. 

 The house-special had done the trick. Word of it must have started making its rounds as more and more men visited the club eager to fuck the arrogance out of that bitchy wench. 

 Eventually, the procedure of walking into the club room, approaching the tables and advertising her holes for use became routine for Vanessa. The constant rush of men turned the entire night into one big blur of fucking and sucking. And the night blurred into the next day. 

 --- 

 Vanessa's first memory of Wednesday was herself getting dressed for the next round of turning tricks. This time Mark handed her a boob tube that didn't have any straps to hold it over her shoulders. Instead, it was held up simply by its tightness and was only just broad enough to cover her voluptuous juggs. 

 Instead of covering anything, its tightness even emphasized the full curve of her tits. Her nipples prominently stood out against the fabric. Right between her two globes, the material was held together by three thin, golden chains. This way, the deep valley between her tits was clearly visible. 

 As a skirt, she had to put on an extremely tiny piece of fabric that didn't even reach over the hem of her buttocks. The material only covered the front and back as it was held together on each side by three thin, golden chains resembling the one of her boob tube. This way, the sides of her smooth tanned legs were left completely free to the view. Once again, high heeled boots with large transparent plateaus garnered her legs. 

 Although Vanessa felt barely clad, there was a different aspect of her dress that made her feel more like a cheap hooker than ever before. The boob tube, tiny skirt and boots were all in the same colour. It was a leopard print. 

 And this time, she didn't even get a jacket to cover herself on the way to the car. 

 Mark and Vanessa left at the same time of day as yesterday. 'Purely coincidentally', the creep of a janitor was working on the hinges of the doors to their apartment building. 

 When the two approached the entrance, he was kneeling in front of the door. His shirt had risen up and Vanessa had a clear view deep down his hairy ass crack. The pale skin and chunky ass were a gross sight. 

 The moment Mark and Vanessa passed, he stopped working and soaked in Vanessa's appearance. From the sleazy smile he threw at her, she knew exactly that he had recognized her and it made her knees buckle. She better not wanted to know what he was thinking. 

 When they arrived at the 'Red Rose Club', Vanessa was greeted by the new house- special that flaunted on the blackboard at the entrance. It read 'Double Duty for 50$'. 

 Vanessa was briefly irritated as she didn't really know what it meant. But she was about to find out very soon. The club was packed. More guests than ever before filled the strip room this early in the evening. And most of them were waiting just for her. 

 This made Vanessa approach the first table with renewed enthusiasm. She was more than proud about her increasing popularity. 

 There were two guys lounging around on their chairs. As soon as Vanessa had reached the table, she recited her whore introduction 

 "Sirs, this trashy whore is at your disposal to be used." 

 Before she could continue advertising the house-special, the two guys quipped in. 

 "Finally a ho so cheap, she's willing to be sandwiched. We've been looking for such a filthy hosebag for a long time." 

 With this derogatory comment, Vanessa's night of group fucking began. As it was something new and unknown for most of the men, there were lots of guys eager to plug her airtight. Most of the night, she had to service two or even three guys at the same time. 

 As a pair or even a group, the guys were a lot less reluctant -- not that they had been reserved before. But by twos or threes, they basically threw Vanessa around like a ragdoll. She barely had a second to catch a breath. 

 Almost immediately after they had entered her hooker room, a merry-go-round between her snatch, asshole and facecunt started, only to merge into a double stuffing. Her ass and cunt were getting plugged simultaneously most of the time. The guys really exploited the chance of a group fuck running riot on her holes. 

 But then one situation occurred that stood out in Vanessa's memory of Wednesday. Some time during the night, she approached a guy and offered her hooker-service. 

 "Sounds promising." he answered with little enthusiasm. 

 "Haven't finished my beer though." he argued. 

 "I can help you with that." Vanessa tried motivating him. 

 She cupped her big ripe melons and purred 

 "You can lick it off my nice big tits right here!" 

 "Got another idea," the guy quipped in. 

 With a rude grip to her hips, he made her turn around and scurry back until she stood next to his chair. 

 "Raise that skirt, whore!" he ordered and Vanessa obeyed instantly. 

 Once again, she was standing in the club with her skirt held up high around her waist presenting her bare bottom to a total stranger. Then she suddenly felt something cold and hard pressed against her ass cheeks. Instantly, she tried looking back over her shoulder. 

 "Look to the front, ho" the guy ordered his attitude becoming harsher. "You only do what I tell you to, you understand that worthless bitch?" 

 "Yes, Sir!" Vanessa hastily apologized. "I'm sorry, Sir." 

 Looking back forwards, she could see that the table in front of her had taken an interest. She was on full show! All the while, she felt the cold hard material getting pressed between her buttocks. 

 "Hold it tight, piece of trash!" the man instructed her. "Better don't let it slip to the ground. It's worth more than you!" 

 With a shudder, Vanessa realized that he had taken his tulip beer glass and pushed the stem right between her ass cheeks. He made her hold the bottle with her buttocks! She was nothing more than a cup holder for him! 

 The guy used Vanessa as his beer holder while he enjoyed the strip show. All the while, he got approving comments from the other guests. They all laughed at the new living commodity in the club! 

 Vanessa felt beyond embarrassment. She thought she would be fainting from shame any second. And it only got worse when it caught the waitress' eye. Every time she had to wait a table, she walked past Vanessa, laughed right into her face and gave her some snide comment. 

 Finally, the beer was empty. 

 "Time to make good use of those fuckholes." the guy exclaimed while standing up. 

 Just that second the waitress arrived at the table with another beer. 

 "This ones on the house for treating the 'Red Rose Cum Dumpster' just as it deserves!" she told the guy. 

 While cold chills were running wildly up and down Vanessa's spine from this utter degradation, the john looked at the fresh beer glass. 

 Suddenly he had a new idea. Taking the glass, he tucked it between her ass cheeks once again. 

 "Don't let it slip to the floor, fuckwhore!" he instructed Vanessa. "Or you're gonna lick it all off that filthy floor!" 

 A second later, he grabbed the leash and led her through the club to her hooker room. With the bottle wedged between her buttocks, Vanessa could only take tiny steps walking real slow while paying attention not to let the glass slip out. She had to tense her ass cheeks as intensely as possible to keep the bottle from falling to the ground -- a sight the guests in the club enjoyed tremendously. 

 Parading Vanessa in front of the other guests, her john mocked her as much as he could degrading her to the fullest. Out of nowhere, he abruptly dragged on the leash or took a few sudden steps forward to make her lose balance and let the bottle slip to the floor. 

 Vanessa could only scuttle and stagger behind him almost tumbling over her feet several times. She was totally under her john's control. 

 At each table they passed, he asked the 'Red Rose Whore' if she liked the way he used her. 

 With a trembling voice, Vanessa responded. 

 "Thank you sir for making this whore the 'Red Rose Beer Holder'!" 

 "This stupid slut thanks you sir! At long last, a second use to simply getting her fuckholes filled has been found." 

 The entire club was watching her debasement and the room was full of dirty laughter. When they had almost reached the stairway, all other guests started clapping for the best humiliation of the week. 

 They had enjoyed the scene so much that the human-tray became a running gimmick with lots of johns making use of it over the course of the following days. 

 When the guy pushed Vanessa into her hooker room, she was more than glad that he was on his own. At least, he wouldn't buy the house-special and she would get a little rest till the next double penetration was on the line. 

 Her look got confused when he threw 150 bucks onto the bed though. With a dirty grin plastered onto his face, the guy told her 

 "Guess, I have to disappoint you, little whore. No romantic one on one for the two of us." 

 He especially emphasized the word romantic with a sarcastic undertone while the sheer evilness of his smile increased another notch. 

 "Didn't your pimp tell you?" he mocked her. "He provided an extra help!" 

 With these words, he opened the drawer of the bed table. 

 When Vanessa saw what he was pulling out, her eyes grew wide in shock. 

 It was a strap-on! But not just a simple harness with a dildo attached. The toy was a giant cock with 11" length. But the length wasn't the most striking detail. The width of 3" was the part scaring Vanessa. 

 Enjoying Vanessa's wide open eyes, the guy stepped into the harness and pulled it up. Finally, the huge strap-on was hovering above his own hard cock and it wasn't a small dick either. 

 Vanessa was too stunned to move. So he harshly gripped the leash and threw her onto the bed. She landed on her back and immediately the guy pulled her legs up next to her head. 

 Now, her cunt and asshole were lying helplessly open and easily accessible in front of the guy. Vanessa's holes had already taken a lot of cock-beatings during her shift. So her dark red, wrinkled cunt flaps protruded into open view with the two silver rings dangling freely off of them. And her asshole had been pounded into an open halo with a puffed out swollen ring. 

 "Spread those dirty flaps, fuckwhore!" the john ordered. 

 And Vanessa obeyed at once. Pushing her legs even further behind her head, her big fat fucktits were tightly pressed against her chest making the soft titflesh jut out to the sides. Reaching around her thighs, she gripped a silver ring with the long French-manicured nails of her thumbs and index fingers each. 

 Pulling on the rings, her cunt opened and the pink inner flesh of her snatch became visible. 

 At one go, the guy pushed his rough fingers into her fuckorifice. He used three fingers at once making Vanessa yelp from the sudden stretching. With relish, he turned and twisted them. He started pushing his fingers back and forth. But as he had crooked his fingers before, they didn't slip out. Instead, Vanessa's entire body was moved around on the bed any way it was directed by his fingers. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 14 ****** byCathartico© "Tell me how much you like your whore treatment!" the guy ordered. 

 From the constant thrusts and pressure on her pussy, Vanessa's breath became choppy and turned into gasps. 

 "Hmmm ...! Yeah ...! Ooohhh use this dirty whore properly. Hmmm ... treat this worthless ho like a piece of fuckmeat." 

 The john pushed her helpless body around with his handle on her pussy stretching her cunt out in any direction. 

 And her body enjoyed the feeling of being completely at his mercy. Still, the fear of the huge strap-on dildo remained in her mind. It only increased her arousal though and her juices began to flow. 

 Suddenly, the guy pushed his fingers out of Vanessa's cunt. Automatically, she commented this action with a disappointed sigh. 

 "You dirty fuckslut! You're not here for your own pleasure!" the guy exclaimed. "Time to serve!" 

 With these words, he pushed two fingers of each hand into her snatch and started stretching her cuntlips out. He pulled on them till he could take a deep look into her fuckcanal. 

 "Hos don't need no lube, do they?" he commented while Vanessa could only whimper from the sheer pressure he applied to her poor pussylips. 

 Despite the painful pressure on her cunt lips, she answered 

 "Argh ..., Oooh! Whoreholes need to be loose and ready anytime!" 

 "Please Sir, stretch that dirty fuckhole to your measure! Argh ...! Sir, stretch out that snatch till anything fits inside that pleases Sir." 

 Vanessa had just finished her words when suddenly his fingers were gone from her cunt. But she could only breathe a short sigh of relief. The next second that sigh turned into a downright scream. 

 He had shoved two fingers of each hand into her asshole and instantly started stretching out her sphincter as well. He tore her small anal ring apart with all his might and her deep ass cave got totally exposed -- a black deep hole edged in red by her soft ass walls. 

 The pressure on Vanessa's poor little asshole was agonizing and she could only utter the words 

 "Please, Sir! Stop, please!" 

 In response, a stinging slap landed on her ass cheek. 

 "That's not what I wanna hear, stupid whore!" the guy remarked. 

 Then he let his fingers slip out of her asshole. A second later, the two fingers of each hand were roughly shoved back through her poor sphincter stretching her ass wide again. 

 Commenting his action, the john said 

 "Let's try again! Better find the right words this time, fuckwhore!" 

 "Ooouuuhhh! Please ... arrrgh! A whoreass is just a reservoir for dick!" Vanessa responded with a choppy breath. 

 "Argh ..! Please, Sir! Hmmooouuhh!" 

 "Split up my ass walls, Sir! Ooohhh ...! Turn this whoreass into a loose crevice that fits a dirty ho! 

 Satisfied with the whore's dirty talk, the guy let her ass go and roughly pushed Vanessa onto her hands and knees while commenting. 

 "Guess, you're ready to serve now!" 

 With her ass sticking up in the air, he positioned himself right behind her. In one go, he pushed his dick into her cunt. But then he stopped. 

 Quizzically, Vanessa looked behind only to see that he had positioned the huge 3" wide strap-on dildo right at the entrance to her asshole. It was too big to simply slide in despite his merciless stretching of her anal ring. 

 With his words still ringing in Vanessa's ears, she knew exactly what he was expecting of her. So she cautiously started pushing back while continuing the dirty talk. 

 "Oooh yeah! That's a big dick! Hmmm, just the right size to rip a dirty whoreass open!" 

 Pushing her ass backwards, the strap-on pressed against her ass and still didn't slide inside. 

 Gritting her teeth, she pressed her entire body backwards trying to impale her own ass on the oversized dildo. But with her cunt filled by his dick, she couldn't get the big fake cock inside. 

 "What a pathetic whore!" the john commented. "Can't even take a decent double stuffing! Not worth a dime!" 

 His humiliating words struck a chord inside Vanessa as she remembered Pavone's words only too well. 

 'Better be a good whore! Or else you will walk the streets!' 

 It was only her second day as the 'Red Rose Whore'. Pavone didn't trust her hooker qualities yet and she better not wanted to find out what would happen if he got disappointed with her. She needed to show this guy what a good hooker she was. 

 The anticipation of her upcoming words brought her own self-esteem back into play. It overwhelmingly resisted the thought of it. But she was too determined by now gulping it down. 

 "I'm so sorry Sir!" she exclaimed closing her eyes from the severe self- degradation. 

 "This slut is too stupid to serve Sir decently! Make this dirty whoreass pay for this dumb ho's misbehaviour. Wrench that worthless shithole to get that cock inside!" 

 The john didn't need a long time to response. He grabbed her hair and roughly pulled her head back. Vanessa had to arch her back from the sudden pressure on her head. Turning her face to the side, the guy only stopped when she was looking straight at him her face only inches from his own. 

 "Finally, I see some proper behaviour for such a wasted piece of trash!" he growled right into her face. 

 And to emphasise his words, he spit a big white glob of drool straight onto her face. The bubbly mass landed square over her left eye and forehead shutting her eye for good and slowly dripping down her eyebrow in long strings. 

 Vanessa flinched and her expression turned to pure disgust when the slobbery spit hit her eyeball out of nowhere. For this reaction, she only earned a hard slap to the left cheek making her cry out from the sudden pain. 

 "Look at me!" the john ordered. 

 Slowly, Vanessa looked back up at him with her left eye still pressed shut by the spit. She looked like a deer caught in the headlights while her heart pounded in her throat. 

 Then another glob of spit flew out of the guy's mouth. It hit Vanessa's right eye and forehead this time. 

 She tried her best but couldn't prevent herself from flinching again. But this time, she answered 

 "Thank you Sir for soiling this whore face! This stupid slut deserves it!" 

 The next moment, her face was roughly pushed into the mattress and the guy started making use of her offer. 

 Once again, he pushed two fingers of each hand into her dumper. When he started stretching out her anal ring, Vanessa gripped the bed sheet tightly and gritted her teeth. 

 With all her will, she tried not to scream out. She wanted -- no, she needed - - to please this john. So, only small whimpers escaped her lips while the guy forced her sphincter out of proportions. 

 Her ass ring was strained to the breaking point. But with his dick deeply shoved up her snatch, only the pink walls of her ass came to the limelight. 

 Then the john spread the fingers of each hand apart. Slowly, her ass chute opened up like a hungry mouth waiting to be fed. The pressure on Vanessa's poor ass was unbelievable and her whimpers grew ever louder and choppier from the pain. 

 While her shithole started gaping, the guy abruptly thrust his hips forward. With a jerk, her ass gave way and the huge dildo sank deep into her asspipe. 

 Vanessa's mouth opened. She wanted to scream but couldn't as all air was driven out of her lungs from the intense pounding the guy instantly picked up. 

 The double stuffings she had endured before had been a piece of cake compared to the onslaught the merciless guy dished out. With two guys, it wasn't easy to get into a good position for some hard and fast fucking and the johns had mostly shoved their cocks up her fuckholes alternately. 

 But with the strap-on, the guy was simply pistoning both cocks in and out of her holes at the same time. Gripping Vanessa's hair and yanking her head back, he rode her like a broodmare reaming her cunt and asshole good. 

 Vanessa felt like she was losing her senses. She started babbling incoherently. 

 "Ooohh ...! Ouuuhhh ...! Yeah fuck this whore! Ooohhh ...! Bust my fuckholes open!" 

 The pounding was so intense that Vanessa's legs gave way. The guy didn't stop the dick beating though. Instead, he continued abusing her fuckholes simultaneously while she was laying flat on her stomach. 

 In this position, Vanessa was even more at the guy's mercy. She was pinned down hard with nowhere to move or any way of escape while the cocks were hammered with full force up into her body. 

 "Oh ...! Argh ..! Oohh, treat me like the whore I am!" 

 Vanessa screamed with pain all over her face absolutely helpless to every hard, balls deep hammering of cock. All she could do was to scream and take it. 

 She could feel the guy's cock bouncing off the large hard dildo in her ass. Every time, the two hit against each other, she felt the impact and heard it chime in her head. 

 To Vanessa, the time the guy was hammering away at her poor little holes felt endless until he was suddenly gone. She hadn't even felt him cumming as he had simply continued fucking. 

 Vanessa was lying on the bed panting heavily. She instantly felt the breeze of cold air rushing into her fuckholes as they were fucked wide open and glowing in an angry, bright pink. She felt like she had to sit on a block of ice to ever cool down her asshole again. 

 But Vanessa's hooker shift wasn't over yet... 

 When she entered the club room again, she was looking for a single guy she could service without the house-special. As it was already late in the night, there was only a group of two waiting for her though. 

 So she walked up to the guys that looked pretty harmless. They were both middle-aged, a bald guy and a blond one with glasses looking like some typical public officers. 

 She acted as seductively cupping her breasts and wriggling her ass while leading them to her hooker room. 

 But it didn't help. They insisted on the house-special. Vanessa tried pleading with them. She even went so far to offer yesterday's service instead although it sent chills down her spine. But they didn't let her get away with it. 

 The more she begged, the ruder they became. Finally, they had enough of it. 

 "What are you?" the spectacled guy asked in an extremely annoyed tone. "A whiny bitch or a real whore? Heard lots of praise 'bout the Red Rose Whore. Guess, they were all wrong!" 

 His words stroke a chord inside Vanessa. They hurt her pride as the 'Red Rose Whore'. A pride that had built up the previous nights without Vanessa's conscious knowing. 

 She couldn't leave that comment undisputed. Her ass was on fire but she needed to prove a point -- to the clients, to Pavone, but most of all to herself. 

 Finally, she reacted by pushing the spectacled guy onto the bed with his back. Immediately, she mounted him in cowgirl style pushing his cock into her cunt. Looking over her shoulder back to his friend, she put on her naughtiest look. 

 "Hmmm, you like my sweet, cherry lips?" she asked licking her lips enticingly. "Wanna feel those soft lips around your cock? Wanna feel my hot, wet throat? 

 Sticking a finger in her mouth and sucking on it, she continued. 

 "Hmmm, I bet you wanna fuck my skull! Please fuck this bitched-up face!" 

 Vanessa was really getting into pleasing these guys by now. Her encouragement was enough for the guy as he hastily stepped up onto the bed. Instantly, Vanessa snapped at the dick like a dog at a bone. 

 She tried giving him the best blowjob of his life. She let his cock slip down her throat over and over again. With the full length of his shaft buried down her gullet, she even stuffed his balls into her mouth as well. Her mouth had never been filled more and it made her gag harshly. 

 When his cock was completely coated in her saliva, it was time for Vanessa to take the next step. Gulping down her fear, she asked the bald guy 

 "Please sir, fuck my whoreass! Own that bitchy little ass!" 

 While saying this, she spread her ass cheeks apart. Instantly, the bald guy mounted her ass and shoved his glistening cock right through her burning, abused sphincter. 

 "Aaarrrgh! Oooh ...! Aaarrrgh!" Vanessa screamed immediately. 

 "Aaarrgh! Yeah ...! Aaarrrgh! Hmmm, fuck that greedy shithole harder!" she tried urging the guy on despite the pain that radiated from her sore asshole. 

 Pleasing the guy was more important right now. 

 The guys didn't pay attention to her whining anyways. They even switched positions once to each take a turn brutally pounding her sore, abused bunghole. 

 All the time, Vanessa was screaming. She was whining and moaning to the same degree until the two guys had shot their loads up her holes. 

 When they left, they patted her head like a good doggie and commented. 

 "After all, a good whore!" 

 That was enough to save the day for Vanessa and make her forget about her burning ass. 

 --- 

 Thursday once again started in the bath tub with Vanessa soothing her battered asshole. But this time, she could bath as long as she wanted her bunghole remained sore. Not by any stretch of imagination, she could picture herself surviving an entire shift of assfucking. 

 The positive side of the day was Vanessa slowly getting into the routine of working during the night. She didn't even feel as exhausted as the days before and awoke several hours earlier. So she had some time to pass before the next shift as the 'Red Rose Whore' was set to begin. 

 Vanessa told Mark that she had to go get a fresh manicure as Pavone wanted her to get more whorish looking nails instead of her beloved French-style. This wasn't even a lie as Pavone had told her he wanted long fake whore-nails fitting the glaring, tarty make-up she was wearing in the club. 

 Mark wasn't too keen on another shopping binge with Vanessa so he let her go simply telling her to come back in time. 

 Of course, Vanessa had another plan in mind. When she left the apartment, she sent a text message to the young physician she had met in the country club a few days before. Then she headed straight to the club. 

 There she had a late lunch with Steve as the doctor was called. He had been more than happy to take a break closing his private practice and rush to the club to meet Vanessa. And of course, she had turned on the charm to its fullest - accidentally, brushing his arms with her hand and smiling at everything he said. 

 When the two parted ways, she was convinced that he felt like having scored the girl of his dreams. And Vanessa felt like a wooed princess again. The lunch had revived the feeling of being the queen of the country club all men were yearning for. A feeling she never wanted to miss ever again. 

 On her way back, Vanessa stopped at her favourite salon to get her nails done. Although the manicurist tried to convince her that the design she had chosen was completely impractical and didn't fit her elegant style, Vanessa chose the one that looked the most whorish in her eyes. With a pejorative look, the manicurist finally started its work. 

 When Vanessa left the nails salon, the sluttiest fake nails she ever had garnered her hands. She had chosen stiletto nails that tapered ending in a spiky peak. They had a bright red polish and were pretty long. Even without her hooker wear, those nails made her look extremely cheap and trashy. And the red polish made sure to catch anyone's gaze at first sight. 

 When she finally arrived back home, Mark was already impatiently waiting for her. It was time to get dressed for the next working shift. This time, she had to wear black, skintight leather pants. The clue of these shiny fuck-me pants was that the crotch area and her buttocks were left completely uncovered - - they were like some leather chaps. 

 And Vanessa wasn't allowed to put on any panties so her fuckholes were open for use all the time. 

 As a top, Vanessa had to put on a black low cut front halter. Basically it was a thin string tied at her back that went around her body right above her ample tits. At the front, two straps went off that string in a very low v style. The straps were barely broad enough to cover her juicy melons and the fabric hung off her big globes swinging back and forth with every step she took. This way, her tits were totally exposed from the sides and with the low v cut, her cleavage was completely visible. 

 The extremely tight shiny leather pants fitting her legs like wax, made Mark horny as hell. When she was sitting next to him in the car, he suddenly ordered 

 "On your knees, fuckslut!" 

 At first, Vanessa didn't know what he was expecting. But when he started unbuckling his jeans and pulling out his dick, it became clear. For too long, her only job had been servicing men. Her body simply acted on autopilot as soon as she saw a cock. 

 So she got up and kneeled onto the seat. In the confined space, she had to stick her ass up high in the air to get to Mark's cock and that was exactly what he had been aiming for. 

 Vanessa didn't even notice it at first but Mark simply kept on driving through town while she sucked his tool. Suddenly, she was startled by a loud noise. It was the honking of another car! 

 Letting Mark's dick slide out of her mouth, she looked back and immediately her hair stood on end. With her head deep in Mark's crotch, her ass was peaking right out of the car window! And as she wore the fuck-me pants, her ass and cunt were completely naked! Every driver passing by could see her naked ass through the window! 

 Vanessa was too stunned to move. She could barely believe that this was really happening. Even for a nightmare, it would be too humiliating. She expected to awake screaming any second. 

 But instead, another car blew its horn. 

 "Back to work, fuckslut!" Mark ordered pressing her head back down into his crotch. "And spread that ass, you fucking bitch! Wanna give your spectators a nice sight, don't you?" 

 Slowly, Vanessa did as she was told. But as soon as her hands touched her buttocks and spread them apart, she felt the goosebumps covering her ass cheeks. She felt embarrassed beyond belief. 

 It was an incredible sight -- Vanessa's naked ass framed by the shiny black skintight leather and her fake long blood-red stiletto nails dug into her curvy ass cheeks. With her buttocks spread open, her asshole was open in the limelight. After yesterday's anal abuse, her bunghole was massive as it was still sore and swollen. It was a huge pucker almost as big as her pussy lips. 

 Suddenly, Mark came to a halt. Looking up, Vanessa saw that they were standing at a red light. Instantly, her look shot back out of the side window. In horror, she saw a garbage truck stopping right next to them. 

 From his higher position, the driver had a perfect sight at Vanessa's juicy ass. 

 "C'mon, dogbitch!" Mark exclaimed. "Show him what a proper whore you are. Advertise your goods! Show him some pink!" 

 Vanessa groaned from despair but she didn't dare arguing with Mark. So hesitantly, she pushed her right hand through her legs while she kept the left one at her buttocks. 

 Starting to wriggle her ass tentatively, she ran the red nailed index finger of her right hand through her cunt lips while the index finger of her left hand circled the massive pucker of her shithole. 

 Then she threaded her index and middle finger through the silver cunt rings and spread her snatch wide to expose her inner pink flesh. At the same time, she pushed one of her red stiletto-nailed fingers through her sore sphincter. Letting out a groan, the sudden pain from the stretching reminded her of yesterday's anal abuse. 

 Finally, the light changed to green and Mark took off. The honks of the garbage truck ringed in Vanessa's ear till they had finally reached the 'Red Rose Club' though. 

 Walking into the club, Vanessa only cared for one thing. She needed to convince Pavone that she couldn't do anal during this shift. So she stormed straight into his office to confront him. 

 She simply burst into his office without even knowing. Pavone was having a meeting with another guy but Vanessa didn't care. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 14 ****** byCathartico© When the two guys stopped their conversation and looked quizzically at her, she simply blurted out her claims. 

 Of course, Pavone was not a whit pleased about it. She was in no position to interrupt a meeting and especially not with such a demanding attitude. 

 Her presumption to demand anything at all simply made him laugh at first. But then his mood changed drastically. 

 He couldn't let her get away with it -- not in front of a business partner. Walking up to her, he grabbed her neck. Forcefully bending her over his desk, Vanessa had to extend her naked ass towards him. A second later, his hand landed harshly on her right ass cheek. 

 "Guess, you still haven't learned your place, fuckwhore!" he exclaimed enraged. "I need to beat it into you, don't I?" 

 "Please ...! Master ...! No ...!" Vanessa screamed in between blows that made her ass cheeks wobble and instantly turned them red. 

 "I'm your bottom bitch! I'm the lowest fuck commodity of the club!" she degraded herself further than ever before while gritting her teeth. 

 By now, his handprints left a white mark on her fiery red glowing buttocks. Vanessa became desperate but tried reasoning with Pavone. 

 "Please, anal doesn't earn my master any extra cash!" Vanessa begged. "I'll do two house-specials for the price of one instead!" 

 This made Pavone start to listen attentively. The whore was right. He didn't care if the johns fucked her in the cunt or ass. It was more important to have some satisfied customers that came back for more so he didn't let her charge extra money for anal. 

 Two house-specials for the price of one sounded like a great appetizer. It could persuade more johns into taking the house-special making him more cash. 

 Still, he had to show the indecent slut -- and even more his business partner - - who's the one in charge. So he pulled out his cock and dished out Vanessa's sole assfuck of the day. 

 Tears welled up in Vanessa's eyes when she felt his thick shaft forcefully splitting her massive pucker in two. Her legs gave way when his dry shaft thrust through her sore sphincter making her fall back and pushing herself even deeper onto Pavone's cock. 

 But somehow, her rage about Pavone's merciless handling failed to appear. Instead, she felt guilt welling up inside of her. 

 Looking at the business partner, she knew that she had behaved inappropriately. Just as she had said, she was Pavone's bottom bitch and her action had affronted her master. She had caused him to appear in a bad light in front of a business partner. 

 Vanessa had slipped out of her role as the 'Red Rose Whore' for a moment but right then and there, her whore-self had fully taken over again. Finally, Vanessa realized how much she had internalized that role by now. It had definitely become her lead-self by far. 

 She had displeased her master and needed to recompense her inadequate behavior. She deserved the anal punishment. It pleased her master to fuck her sore, burning ass and giving him pleasure delighted Vanessa. 

 The fact that she felt a strange enjoyment getting her burning ass fucked puzzled Vanessa for a second. But it only made her realize even more how her whore-self was fully taking over and caused a tingle in her cunt. 

 Eventually, she felt his cum shooting deep up her rectum. 

 "Oooh, thank you sir for filling his whore's ass! Thanks for showing his bottom bitch her place!" Vanessa exclaimed meaning every word honestly. 

 As soon as her master's cock had slipped out of her shitter, she felt something else getting pressed inside. 

 Looking back over her shoulder, she saw Pavone push a ponytail butt plug into her asshole. 

 "As a sign that anal is no option." he commented when he saw Vanessa's puzzled look. 

 Dragging her up by her hair, he asked 

 "Ready to be the fuckpony of the day?" 

 "Yes sir!" Vanessa responded looking submissively into his eyes. 

 "Master's fuckpony is sorry for her indecent behaviour and deserves to be punished. She's looking forward to offering two house-specials!" 

 "Hehehe!" Pavone laughed out in response. "I bet my fuckpony will enjoy the house-specials she will provide!" 

 Then he explained the two specials to Vanessa. He wasn't too lenient with his selection of sex acts. He knew too well that anal was the biggest hit for the johns. So Pavone had chosen too extremely nasty acts. 

 The first one was called "Bondage Games" and it meant that all guys could tie Vanessa up any way they liked while they fucked her face or cunt. 

 To prepare Vanessa for that service, Pavone put a metal collar around her neck instead of the well-known leash. But it wasn't a simple collar. Two chains with handcuffs were attached to it. Pavone cuffed both of Vanessa's wrists and chained them to the collar. As the chain was very short, her arms were raised just beneath her ample tits rendering her hands completely immobile. 

 He also made her put on a pair of black high heels that were connected with a very short chain on high of her ankles. The chain only allowed Vanessa to take tiny steps. 

 Pavone wasn't finished though. He took another pair of handcuffs and opened one cuff. Then he pushed it through Vanessa's two silver pussy rings and fastened it. This way, the handcuff was dangling from her cunt and tied her pussy up. 

 Finally, he threaded the three keys for her arm cuffs, her heel cuffs and her pussy cuff on a big metal key ring and pushed it into her mouth. 

 Looking down herself, Vanessa had to gulp hard. She could only scurry through the club room with tiny little steps while her arms were held up by the chain collar. She felt more than helpless and she knew exactly that she was totally at the mercy of her johns. 

 The handcuffs dangling off her pussy and the key ring in her mouth gave her the look of any master's dream. She looked like a submissive fuckslut more than ever before! 

 Nervousness was creeping up Vanessa's stomach but it was only made worse when Pavone revealed the second house-special. 

 It was called "Ass Cleaning" and it instantly made Vanessa sick. She had barely survived the foot-licking special. But this time, she had to lick the dirty, stinking ass cracks of these sleazy men! 

 In combination, this house-special had a real chance to make the guys forget about fucking the whore up her ass. 

 Vanessa had to totter to the guests in her submissive outfit, bend over and cautiously put the key ring out of her mouth onto the table for the johns to take. Then she had to address the guy. 

 "Sir, may this fuckpony serve you?" 

 Vanessa's obedient entrance already heated the johns up and when she offered the two house-services, they went wild with the possibilities entirely forgetting about anal. 

 Once again, the johns were extremely creative with ways to tie the fuckslut up. 

 But two johns particularly stuck in Vanessa's mind like a sore thumb. 

 She had tried avoiding a table at which a particularly trashy 40-something guy with only a fringe of hair left was sitting staring at her every time she passed by. That guy was a disgusting sight with his stained shirt and greasy jeans -- some real trailer trash. But when she walked past his table once again, he suddenly stuck out his hand blocking her way. 

 "Been waiting longer than anyone else!" he simply exclaimed with an annoyed voice. 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to respond, he got up onto his feet. Thereby, his fat bloated belly became visible. Even worse, his shirt wasn't long enough to entirely cover his impressive potbelly and the hairy underside of his paunch peaked out of the shirt. 

 The view gave Vanessa the creeps. She still hadn't gotten used to fucking any guy no matter what he looked like. 

 Out of a sudden, he grabbed the handcuffs dangling off her cunt rings and used them as a leash to drag Vanessa through the club room. 

 Her cunt flaps were pulled far when he started walking. Vanessa tried tottering after the guy as fast as possible but with her chained heels she was extremely slow. 

 It was an unbelievable sight of the fuckpony being led on the handcuffs with her crotch pushed forward by the guy's pulling. Any second, she was close to falling all over her feet while her hands were helplessly chained to her collar. 

 When they had finally reached her hooker-room, the fat guy led her to a wall and made her squad with her back against the wall. 

 After stepping out of his clothes, he positioned himself in front of Vanessa. Her heart was thumping in her throat as she knew that she had no way to dodge and couldn't use her hands for a tiny bit of control. 

 Nevertheless, she immediately opened her mouth wide. Her submissive outfit had turned her into full submissive mode. She was nothing more than the fuckpony free to be used. 

 A second later, the trashy guy lunged forward and thrust his cock deep into her mouth. He went balls deep down her gullet at the first go. Keeping his shaft in her warm, wet mouth for a few seconds, he enjoyed the contractions of her throat around his tool. 

 Vanessa tried moving her head to the sides to get a little breathe but the guy only sniggered from her futile attempts holding her head still with his hands. It only caused the guy to keep his dick even longer down her throat enjoying the harsh, pitiful gags and retches emanating from the depth of her gullet 

 Then he started humping her face as if it was a gloryhole in the wall. He didn't care if it was a living person in front of him or a fuck device and with her chains Vanessa was totally helpless to this onslaught. The back of her head was hurtfully pressed against the wall while he pumped away at her face. 

 In Vanessa's trapped position, she could only move her legs that were peeking out between the potbellied guy's legs. He was pumping away at her skull with such a speed and roughness that her legs started kicking and lashing out automatically. 

 It was an incredible sight of the 'Red Rose Whore' buried under they fat guy with her pitiful chokes and gags filling the entire hooker room, her back arching under the pressure of the skull fucking and her legs helplessly kicking out to all sides. 

 As the fat guy wasn't in a good shape by any means, he needed a break from the speed-pumping from time to time. He then simply leaned against the wall with his dick buried deep down Vanessa's throat and his ugly paunch resting on her head. 

 Vanessa was basically buried under a big meaty flesh mountain. She was barely visible from the side only her knees sticking out between the guy's legs. It was so humiliating that it brought her close to tears making her sob around the cock in her throat. 

 Finally, he was too much out of breath to continue. 

 And it only got worse then. 

 The john turned around and spread his ass cheeks apart. Vanessa wanted to jump up and run away when she realized what was about to happen. 

 It felt like she was watching the hairy, bulky, shapeless ass inching towards her face in slow motion. And she didn't have a chance to get out of the way. 

 Finally, she was completely buried again. But this time her face was deeply pressed into the john's gross ass. 

 Instantly, she could smell the vile scent of dirt, sweat and shit. 

 She knew that she had done it before. She knew that she had enjoyed the nastiness of the act before. But right then and there, helplessly trapped in this position, the disgust overwhelmed her. 

 "Start licking, whore!" the trashy guy ordered while pushing his ass backwards another inch. 

 By now, her nose was tightly pressed against his asshole and the reeking stench even intensified -- if that was possible at all! 

 As Vanessa was totally buried under the flesh mountain, the biting stench surrounded her and not a single breeze of fresh air reached her. 

 Meanwhile, the john was getting impatient. So when he felt Vanessa's nose on his asshole, he started pushing his ass backwards even further. As a result, the fuckpony's nose dug into his asshole! 

 Vanessa was trembling in her chains from the cold shivers running up and down her spine when she felt the tip of her tongue pushing inside his dirty asshole! 

 

 Involuntarily, she had to retch dryly. She would never get used to this debasing, gross act. But her nose stuck up that chubby guy's ass was too much! And she knew to well that she had to lick that disgusting ass clean if she ever wanted to get out of this flesh grave. 

 Timidly, she pushed her tongue out. It immediately touched the sweaty flesh of the fat guy's crack. 

 When the guy felt the soft tip of her tongue on his crack, he started pushing his ass up and down running the entire length of his crack over her tender tongue and giving Vanessa the full sickening flavour. 

 Instantly, the dry heaving intensified sounding more pitiful than ever before. Still, Vanessa behaved like a good whore pony and kept her tongue out of her mouth. 

 It was more than disgusting feeling that dirty ass crack scraping over her tongue and tip of her nose. But with her head trapped between the guy's ass and the wall, his fat wobbly ass additionally rubbed over her cheeks all the length, his curly hairs tickling her soft skin. 

 "Eeewwwhhh!" 

 A disgusted tone erupted from Vanessa's mouth a moment later while she was shaking in her chains once again from pure revulsion. A long hair had stuck to her sensitive tongue! The gross tickling began driving her mad but she couldn't get it off with her arms chained. 

 All she could do was to squat there and wait till it was over. 

 The fat, trashy john seemed to take a lot of pleasure rubbing his ass all over the face of the helpless whore-pony. Vanessa was getting completely desensitized. There was nothing else but the bitter, icky taste and the vile, sickening smell. It seemed to last forever. 

 Black dots started dancing in front of her eyes and the world began spinning from her nausea. 

 Just that moment, the guy finally turned around. 

 Vanessa was gasping and panting heavily when the guy grabbed her hair and pushed her onto her back right on the dirty, grimy floor. 

 For the moment, Vanessa didn't care though. Anything was better than being buried in that reeking flesh grave. 

 The trashy john opened Vanessa's arm chains only to push her legs back so her feet were resting on each side of her head. He positioned her in the piledriver position with Vanessa resting on her shoulders and her ass high up in the air. Then he took her arms and chained them to her ankles. 

 Now, she was rendered completely immobile in an obscene position. Her ass stuck high up in the air, her buttocks were invitingly tautened, the buttplug ponytail hung down her ass and her clean-shaven cunthole got presented like a bulls' eye. 

 "Gonna fuck you dirty whore into the ground now!" the john hissed. 

 A second later, he leaned into Vanessa almost dropping his full body weight onto her stretched up ass. His fuckstick instantly parted her smooth pussy lips deeply invading her cunt. 

 Vanessa groaned out loud when his full, heavy weight dropped onto her tiny, bound figure. Once again, she was helplessly buried under the flesh mountain. She could barely breathe while the john's cock thrust in and out of her cunt. 

 Over and over, the guy lifted his ass up to drop himself onto Vanessa with full force drilling his cock balls deep into her cunt. 

 Every time the full weight pressed onto Vanessa she groaned out. Her breath got choppier by the minute. 

 It was so disgusting feeling the trashy john's wobbly paunch pressing against her tiny figure while she had no chance to move in any direction. 

 Vanessa breathed a sigh of relief when she finally felt him getting up. She saw walking up to her head expecting him to jack off over her face. 

 But then he squatted right over her face! 

 With eyes wide in terror, she saw the wobbly, fat ass inching closer and closer to her face. She tried rattling in her bonds but there was no chance to move an inch. Finally, the ass crack was right over her burying her face for the third time. 

 Vanessa didn't need another order anymore. Trying to get over with this nightmare as soon as possible, she stuck out her tongue and started eating the john's ass. 

 At once, the bitter, icky taste registered in her mind but she forced herself to get it over with. 

 It only took the guy a few seconds before he was ready to blow his load. Hastily getting up, he barely managed to turn around before his cum spurt from his cock. Still, most of his sperm splashed Vanessa's face. 

 Vanessa kept lying on the ground of her hooker room for several minutes when the trashy john was long gone. She couldn't grasp the humiliation she had just gone through. It had been severe to such an unbelievable extent. 

 She had felt so helpless and totally at the sleazy guy's mercy. But somehow the hopeless position completely buried under the flesh mountain and the john's dominance had turned her on. 

 The second occurrence happened later in the night. Vanessa had walked up to a table an unremarkable guy was sitting at. 

 Bending down in front of him, she had laid down the key-ring on the table and asked the guy 

 "Sir, would you like to use the Red Rose Fuck Device for your pleasure?" 

 Vanessa hadn't intended to say these words but after the trashy guy had used her like nothing more than a piece of meat she felt exactly like that -- the Red Rose Fuck Device only existing to get horny guys off. 

 After listening to the two house-services, the guy stood up and simply pushed Vanessa down on her shoulders until she was on her knees. 

 Vanessa hadn't been expecting this but she behaved like a good, obedient whore not resisting her john's orders. 

 The guy simply went on with his business pulling out his already hard cock and opening the chains connecting Vanessa's arms to the collar. 

 Vanessa was still puzzled by his actions not knowing what he was intending. But the guy didn't care for her reaction. 

 He simply said one word: 

 "Open!" 

 And Vanessa did as ordered opening her mouth wide. The next moment, he took a step forward pushing his hard dick into her mouth while pulling her stretched out arms behind his back. 

 He simply pulled Vanessa forward on her arms until his cock was balls deep in her throat and his pubic hair tickled her nose. 

 With his cock in her gullet, he looked backwards and cuffed her wrist chains behind his ass. 

 Just when she heard the clicking of the cuffs, Vanessa realized what was happening. She was chained to the john, trapped on her knees with his cock deep in her mouth! 

 Vanessa started panicking pushing her mouth off his cock immediately. 

 But right then the guy gripped her hair and forcefully held her head not giving Vanessa a chance to pull backwards. 

 Her gag reflex started setting in with the john's cock in her throat for such a long time. She didn't get any air and her gagging become louder and more violent by the second. 

 Vanessa was shaking in her bounds with her arms tied behind the guy's ass when she heard him say 

 "Move your ass, fucking bitch!" 

 Vanessa panicked when the john started walking backwards. He was dragging her along with his hold on her head, her throat still speared by his thick cock. She still couldn't breathe and her gag reflex was becoming uncontrollable. 

 Vanessa couldn't see anything except for the guy's pubic hair while he kept on walking backwards dragging her along. 

 Hr head turned bright red from the severe humiliation. It was such an incredibly degrading sight the guests were offered - the hot redheaded slut with big juicy tits on her knees getting dragged through the club by the john's cock in her throat. 

 The man must have known exactly how humiliating the scene must have been for the clubwhore as he slowly walked along all tables in wiggly lines making sure that every guest got a good look at the fuckpony chained to his cock. 

 The exertion of being dragged through the entire club made Vanessa choke and gag even harder causing her to fill the club room with pitiful throat noises. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 14 ****** byCathartico© She was slowly getting light-headed from the lack of oxygen when they finally made it to the steps. 

 The guy stopped right there and unchained Vanessa's wrists. 

 The moment, she wanted to get up, he held her down at her shoulders though. 

 "Still gotta use the ass cleaning special!" he commented. 

 Holding her stretched-out arms, he turned around and presented his ass to Vanessa who was still kneeling on the floor. 

 All the guests in the club could see what the guy was up to and Vanessa was close to crying when she realized what he was intending. 

 Tears stood in her eyes and sobs escaped her lips when the john pressed his ass against her face. Burying her face between his ass cheeks, he cuffed Vanessa's wrists again, this time in front of him. 

 Again, Vanessa was chained to the guy! But it had only gotten worse as she was glued to his ass now! 

 This was beyond any humiliation she had ever endured before! 

 A second later, the guy began walking forward. Once again, he dragged Vanessa through the entire club forcing her to crawl after him with her face in his ass crack. 

 "Make a meal out of my dirty ass, fuckwhore!" the guy exclaimed when he couldn't feel her tongue on his crack. 

 One more time, the guy offered an incredibly humiliating sight to the guests - - the 'Red Rose Whore' getting walked through the club on her knees with her face deep in his dirty, stinking ass. 

 The degrading scene heated the guests up so much that they started rooting for the guy. 

 "That's the way to walk a dogbitch!" 

 "Show the trashwhore the place she belongs!" 

 The walk through the club felt like it would never end. Slowly, the reeking stench and icky, bitter taste of the guy's ass consumed Vanessa's mind making her nauseas. 

 Vanessa struggled to keep from puking. She felt the barf creeping up her throat. With all her might, she pressed it down. She better not wanted to know what the guy would do if she puked all over his ass ... 

 When the urge to puke finally overcame her, the john uncuffed her chains. They had reached his table. 

 The moment he had opened the chains, the guy pulled Vanessa up onto her feet. 

 He bent her over like a jackknife till her hands were in high of her ankles. Then he chained her wrists to her ankles wrapping her up like a package. 

 Once again, Vanessa was totally trapped not able to move a single bone. She was completely bend over presenting her fuckholes in all their glory while her back was straight. 

 Right there in the middle of the club room, she was positioned like a mare roped by some cowboy. She was finally put into the position a fuckpony belongs to. 

 Once again, she felt incredibly low and worthless. Her humiliation was even increased when the guy ordered Vanessa to tell the guests how much she liked his degradation. 

 "This fuckdoll loves being used as nothing more than a human fuck device!" Vanessa answered loud for every guy to hear. 

 "This stupid whore got no other use than to entertain men in any way they like!" she continued the degrading words sending chills down her spine. 

 Suddenly, she was interrupted by the guy when he saw her cunt glistening wetly. The severe humiliations had turned her on making her snatch drip with juices! 

 "Look at that dirty fuckpony!" he exclaimed spanking her buttocks with the buttplug ponytail to emphasise his words. "That whore gets off on the degradation!" 

 "Take a look at the bitch's wet cunt!" he invited the other guests out of the blue. 

 They didn't need to be told twice as all guests hurried to the table. Forming a line, each guy walked past Vanessa bend over figure and slid his finger through her dripping cunt. 

 After every guy, Vanessa had to exclaim 

 "Thank you sir for testing if the fuckpony is ripe and ready to get used!" 

 Every time she had to utter these words, further sobs mixed in between as she felt more than humiliated. She couldn't believe that this abysmal degradation had turned her on. 

 But getting her wet snatch inspected by all guests was even more debasing and thusly turned her on even more! 

 The guests couldn't keep themselves from dropping dirty comments while running their fingers through her pussy. And these comments deeply bore into Vanessa's mind. 

 "The dirtiest piece of fuckmeat ever!" 

 "What a cheap piece of trash!" 

 "That greedy fuckslut gets off on anything you throw at her!" 

 When all guys had walked past, Vanessa's john exclaimed 

 "Let's see if we get that dirty fuckpony's cunt dripping so much it makes a puddle on the ground!" 

 The next second, he spanked her tautened ass cheeks hard. The impact pushed Vanessa forward. But as she was bound to her own ankles, she couldn't keep her balance. 

 "Aaaahhh!" 

 With her eyes growing wide in fear, she helplessly fell forwards like a useless signboard in the wind. All she could do was to scream in panic. 

 Her face was about to crash onto the ground when the guy grasped the collar stopping her fall at the last second. 

 With her face hovering just above the floor, all guests couldn't stop laughing about the ridiculous display of the silly fuckpony. 

 Setting the 'Red Rose Fuck Device' back up, the john waited till the laughter had completely died down. 

 When the room was completely silent, Vanessa knew exactly what the john was expecting of her. 

 "Thank you sir for using this fuckpony to entertain the guests properly! Please sir, give them something more to laugh about!" she exclaimed with a huge lump in her throat. 

 She felt so ashamed and embarrassed. But a second later she was distracted from her feelings again. 

 Taking Vanessa up on her offer, the guy hammered his crotch forward spearing her wet cunt. 

 "Ouuuhhh!" Vanessa groaned. "Aaahhh!" 

 Her moan turned into a scream only a second later when the guy's crotch forcefully impacted with her buttocks and knocked her down making her fall forwards once again! 

 And once again, the guy held the fuckpony tight only a few inches before her face hit the floor. 

 Vanessa heart was pounding in overdrive while the guests' dirty laughter ringed in her ears. 

 She had never felt so helpless ever before! She had never felt so embarrassed ever before! 

 But her cunt was gushing and the john had succeeded as her juices were dripping down her snatch forming a small puddle of fuck juices on the ground. 

 The next moment, the guy grabbed Vanessa's hips to hold her steady and shoved his hard dick into her pussy again. 

 It didn't take him long to cum. But before he shot his load, Vanessa had an astonishing, earth-shattering orgasm herself. The john's humiliations had just been too much ... 

 *to be continued ...* 

 *Vanessa's first weekend as 'The Red Rose Whore' is impending and some old friends want a piece of the fun.* Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 15 ****** byCathartico© Vanessa's eyes slowly opened. A comforting, warm feeling enclosed her whole body. Remembering the final earth-shattering orgasm she had experienced while serving as the 'Red Rose Fuckpony' made her pussy tickle. 

 Some noise had torn her out of her memories. But she couldn't quite put that noise into context. 

 "Get out of the water, bitch!" Mark's loud, booming voice suddenly startled Vanessa explaining the noise she had heard before. "Didn't you understand me? I'm not gonna say it another time!" 

 He was standing in the door of the bathroom screaming at her. And apparently, he had been calling her for some time without getting a reaction. 

 "Fucking bitch! All the time, I need to chase after the stupid slut to make sure she gets to her job." 

 Mark's annoyed voice clearly told Vanessa that something was up. 

 "You've been in the tub for more than an hour now! Time to get ready or you'll be late." Mark continued. 

 Finally, it dawned on Vanessa. It was Friday. And Friday was a special day in the week of the 'Red Rose Whore'. It was the day she had to visit the law- office. 

 Stanton's agreement with Pavone included Vanessa visiting the law-office each Friday afternoon to serve as the office-whore for the partners. This was the reason why she had to get dressed earlier than the other days as she had to be at the law-office at 3 pm when all the secretaries were leaving for the weekend. 

 With all the hustle during her first week of turning tricks in the 'Red Rose Club' though, Vanessa had completely forgotten about it. And after her extensive bath, she was getting late. So she quickly got out of the tub. 

 

 

 Half an hour later, Vanessa was walking over the front yard of her apartment building with Mark at her side on their way to their car. She was wearing a white tube dress that ended right beneath the round mounds of her ass cheeks. 

 The dress was skintight hugging every curve of her body and showing it off in full glory. 

 Vanessa also wore a pair of white stockings that ended right below the dress. This way, the hem of each stocking was clearly visible increasing the slut factor of her slinky outfit another notch. Her feet stuck in the white vinyl stripper boots with large plateaus and 7" heels she had worn on her first day as hooker. 

 The dress was held up by a strap that ran around the back of her neck. At the front, it was cut out in a diamond form. This way her back, ass and hips were covered by the skintight, white material while her middle front was almost completely exposed. 

 Moreover, Vanessa wasn't allowed to wear any panties or bra beneath the dress which didn't help giving her outfit any decency at all! 

 

 

 Without a bra and panties, the big impressive inner halves of her luscious round melons were shown off to full effect – just like her deep cleavage and tattooed bellybutton. Meanwhile, her hips got dramatically emphasised by the tight material making them look extremely curvy. 

 Overall, it was an incredibly inviting sight for any man as the outfit left little to the imagination. The white colour sparkled in the sunlight making sure to catch anyone's attention – as if that would have been necessary. 

 This was definitely no dress to go to the office! 

 The sheer thought of walking into the office-building with all the secretaries leaving and seeing her dressed in this lewd outfit made Vanessa's skin crawl. 

 She remembered the day when she had been forced to crawl into the office kitchen getting degraded by all of her colleagues. Their faces had been full of disdain and scorn when they had spit right into her slutty face. It had been one of the worst days of her life. 

 At least, the secretaries had a confidentiality clause in their contract prohibiting them to talk about any events happening at the office. Still, there were several more companies situated in the building. 

 What if a secretary of another company saw her like this? 

 The members of the country club loved bringing their office-sluts to the club to show them off to their friends. 

 What if one of those secretaries had met her in the club before? What if she ran into a business-guy she knew from the club? 

 

 

 All these thoughts started running wild inside Vanessa's head on their way Downtown. The week turning tricks as the 'Red Rose Whore' had caused her to clench to her ice-queen persona even more than before. 

 She needed the admiring glances from the club members yearning to get their fingers at her luxurious body but fully knowing that they didn't stand a chance. She needed the snotty gossiping with her friends about the young office sluts desperately fishing for a wealthy business man. 

 It was her way to deal with the humiliations of her working days making her feel like the high-class trophy wife she had always been destined to become. It was the necessary equation to the slutty, whorish lifestyle she somehow had started to embrace. Vanessa needed both of these lives. She needed an equalized lady-whore-balance. 

 And there was still a chance to achieve the life as trophy wife she was craving for. But the risk of running into a country club member dressed in this trashy slut-outfit endangered everything. 

 

 

 The after-work rush hour threw a monkey-wrench in Vanessa's plans of getting into the law-office without attracting too much attention though. The heavy traffic forced Mark to drive around the block several times in search for a parking spot. 

 Finally, he found a place in a small side street. But it was several blocks away from the law-office at the outer edge of the Downtown area. 

 There was no way around it. Vanessa had to totter all the way through Downtown in her slutty outfit! 

 And as it was closing time, there were loads of potential club members - business-guys, bankers, lawyers – hurrying through the streets on their way home. 

 Vanessa hesitated for several moments uncertainly standing next to the car. Finally, a sharp slap landed on her barely covered left ass cheek. 

 "C'mon bitch! We know what a little attention whore you are! Mark commented his slap with a dry grin on his face. "Don't pretend you don't enjoy showing off your slutty body to all those men!" 

 Pleadingly, Vanessa looked at him. The short time she was standing in the side street had been enough to make three men stop in their tracks to take a good look at the slut. Mark simply grinned back enjoying her discomfort. Out of the blue, his grin widened. 

 "Just had a great idea!" he exclaimed. "You have to show your goods to all these wealthy business men anyway. So we can turn it into some promo for the club! Ain't too many money-waving, rich guys coming to the club yet." 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to fully comprehend Mark's words, he had walked to a dumpster that stood next to a house wall. There, he picked up a piece of cardboard that leaned against it. 

 Frozen to the ground, Vanessa watched him walking back up to her. She didn't sense anything good coming up to her. 

 Mark simply grabbed her handbag and pulled out her red lipstick. The next second, he started writing down some words on the cardboard. The way he held it though, Vanessa didn't have a chance to make out those words. 

 Finished with his writing, Mark started rummaging around in the glove compartment of their car. It felt like hours to Vanessa. Standing on the open street in her slutty, lewd outfit made her feel incredibly uneasy. She could sense any guy walking past giving her a check-over. 

 The urge to step back into the car and hide behind the door was overwhelming. Having to walk all the way to the office on the open street was bad enough. And doing any advertisement for the club was the last thing she wanted to do right then and there. 

 Finally, Mark had found what he was looking for – two paper clips. Completely lost in confusion, Vanessa watched him boring two holes into the upper edges of the cardboard. Then he threaded each paper clip through those holes. 

 Just when he stepped in front of Vanessa, she realized what he was up to. 

 "Please ...!" she instantly started begging as best as she could. "Please don't do this! I'm begging you!" 

 "Ooh, the little attention whore suddenly becoming all shy?" he mocked her. "You'll love the stir you'll cause, fuckslut!" 

 His taunting made Vanessa's discomfort only worse and she was about to throw a fit. She tried to get away from Mark, but he grabbed her hip with a tight grip giving her no chance to escape. 

 "No, no, no! You fucking bastard let me go!" was all Vanessa screamed while she gave her best effort to wrestle out of Mark's grip. 

 A slap to her face shut her up instantly. 

 "Don't act like a prissy lady and behave like the cheap whore you are!" Mark hissed into her face getting mad at her. "You don't want me to push you on all fours and walk you through Downtown like a stupid dogbitch, do you?" 

 His words immediately snapped Vanessa out of her tantrum making her keep still. He wouldn't do that, would he? 

 Looking into his stern eyes, Vanessa realized that he was definitely capable of putting his threat into action and he would enjoy it tremendously. So he let him have his way. It couldn't be any worse than his thread. 

 "Guess I deserve a pay raise for that idea!" Mark exclaimed when he had finished his work. "This slut-ad will be the talk of the town for the next week." 

 Taking a step back he enjoyed the 'slut-ad' he had just created. He had pushed the white skintight material covering Vanessa's ample tits to the sides to expose her nipples. Then he had fastened each paper clip to one of her silver nipple rings. 

 This way, the cardboard dangled off the slut's big, ripe melons right in front of Vanessa's belly. It basically filled the diamond cut-out of her dress. 

 "Looks like a perfect fit to that dress." Mark exclaimed impressed by his own work. 

 Shudders ran up and down Vanessa's spine when she looked down herself. Finally, she could read what Mark had written onto the cardboard. Big, broad red letters jumped at her making her knees buckle. 

 FUCK THE DUMBSLUT 

 IN THE 'RED ROSE CLUB' 

 With her slutty outfit and high stripper platform boots, there was no way for her to look more out of place. Vanessa felt totally exposed. Running down the street bare naked couldn't make her look more like a cheap skank. Her long dark red stiletto fingernails and heavy make-up only added to her trashy appearance. 

 

 

 Vanessa felt as weak in the knees as never before. It was too much to take for her – having to walk through Downtown dressed in the sluttiest way possible, exposing herself as a common whore and inviting men to fuck her for money! She simply wanted to sink into the ground and disappear. 

 Another harsh slap to her ass told her to get going. But Vanessa couldn't start moving. It needed Mark to grab her arm and pull her along to get the slut out of the side street. 

 Vanessa felt so embarrassed that she kept her eyes fixed onto the ground while slowly walking down the street trying to stay as low-key and inconspicuously as possible. 

 Of course, she failed miserably and got the attention from any men in a heartbeat. Considering the lewd, slutty outfit and obscene slut-ad this wasn't such a surprise after all. 

 Still, Mark made her stop after a few yards as he wasn't satisfied with her 'promotional work'. 

 "Time to act as a whore, stupid ditz!" he snarled at her loud enough for anyone to hear. "The guys need to see what they get for their money! Hold that head high and arch that back so everyone can see your whore-face and slut-tits." 

 "C'mon greet them with your most inviting smile. After all, you can't wait for them to visit you, can you?" he added. 

 A devious smile played on Mark's face when he saw Vanessa flinch with each of his words. Looking around shyly, Vanessa could see that all attention was focused on her by now. Another rush of nervousness surged through her body making her tremble. 

 Still, she forced herself to do as she was told lifting her head, arching her back and putting a smile on her face - although it looked kinda factitious. 

 

 

 In her new posture, Vanessa didn't have a chance to avoid the men's gazes having to look right into their faces. Most of the looks were lecherous and greedy but some men seemed simply disgusted by her appearance. 

 Vanessa's face started burning with shame. The looks full of disdain and revulsion were more than humiliating. Still, she forced herself to keep on smiling with her face flushed in the deepest shades of red. 

 A man hurrying down the street was so engrossed in his phone call that he didn't even notice Vanessa. Instead, he bumped straight into her. 

 "Sorry" he instantly excused himself. 

 Stopping in his tracks for a second, he gave the red-haired slut an once-over. And his look turned sour when it reached the slut-ad. 

 "Don't need your service, whore!" he exclaimed with an annoyed voice. "Get out of my way and find another stupid john!" 

 His sudden change of mood startled Vanessa way too much to respond or move away. When she remained standing in his way, he became angry. 

 "I said get out of my way, you disgusting street harlot!" he screamed. 

 And before Vanessa had a chance to react, he spit right into her face. The big white glob landed right on Vanessa's left cheek taking her completely by surprise. 

 "That's what I think about such obnoxious whores!" he continued his rant. "You're nothing but a disgrace to mankind." 

 With these words, he stepped to the side and walked away, still ranting on. Vanessa could hear the man talking into his cell-phone saying 

 "Can you believe it? I just got chatted up by a filthy street hooker. Not even in this area, you're free of this scum." 

 Vanessa felt a stab in her heart. She had to suppress tears forming in her eyes. The entire scene was so utterly humiliating. She didn't know what was worse, his words or the spit on her face. 

 

 

 Just yesterday, she had walked down these streets as an elegant lady from the country club. Now, even here she was recognized as nothing else but a cheap whore. She felt the sudden, deep urge to visit the country club again. She desperately needed some reassurance as the ice-queen. But first she needed to get out of the public and to the law-office. 

 

 

 When Vanessa raised her hand to wipe the disgusting drool out of her face, Mark caught her hand before it reached her cheek. 

 "Keep it there!" he told Vanessa. "It's the proper make-up for an obnoxious whore." he told her with a chuckle repeating the phrase the enraged guy had just used. 

 Hit by these degrading words again, Vanessa lowered her gaze back to the ground only to have Mark grabbing her chin and pulling her face back up. He turned her face to the street telling her 

 "That guy over there hasn't gotten a good look at the disgusting street harlot yet." 

 Vanessa could see a big guy in a suit standing next to the street trying to bring a cab to a halt. 

 Although a cab had just stopped next to him, his head was turned away from the street with his gaze fixed onto Vanessa. All his attention was directed on the obscenely dressed slut trying to read the cardboard hanging off her tit rings. He didn't even notice the cab coming to a halt next to him. Without getting a reaction from the guy, the cab drove off after a few seconds. 

 "Bet he would like some attention from the Red Rose Whore." Mark exclaimed. 

 Not giving Vanessa a chance to respond, he took her hand and dragged her over to the guy. She didn't like what was happening. But she didn't have a chance to fight off Mark's strong grip. 

 Coming closer, she eventually had a chance to check his face. With a sigh, she realized that she didn't know him from the country club. Still, the full attention of everyone walking down the street was focused on the slut. Any second, some guy from the club would recognize her. 

 

 

 Mark's action of dragging the red-haired slut right in front of the business- guy took him completely by surprise. 

 "D'you like what you see?" Mark addressed him before he had a chance to get out of the way. 

 "Can't find a hotter piece of ass in town, don't you agree?" Mark continued his promo getting a hesitant nod from the guy. "And even better, you can tap that juicy butt as hard as you like!" 

 Vanessa didn't dare to say a word during Mark's little speech. It was so humiliating standing there next to these two men while being the object of their talk. She felt like nothing more than a piece of fuck meat. 

 But she could see the guy's eyebrows rising up. Mark's words clearly had an effect on him. 

 "Never heard of that 'Red Rose Club'." he finally found his words again. 

 "Why don't you come by tonight and get a shot at this piece of prime fuck meat for half the price?" Mark offered not letting the guy off the hook. 

 "Who tells me this isn't a big scam and that whore won't even be in the club?" the guy responded surprising Mark with some unexpected persistence. 

 "Well," Mark had to contemplate his answer for a second. "What d'you think about getting a little teaser right here and now? This is such a wanton fuckslut, she'll love to suck you off right now and let you fuck her ass later tonight in the club." 

 "Here and now?" Vanessa and the business-guy asked almost simultaneously. 

 It had taken her by surprise just as much as the guy. But while his voice sounded rather cautiously, hers was more annoyed. 

 In no way, this could be Mark's offer. She was not a cheap street walker! She would never sink that low and pick up random johns from the street! 

 They were still standing on the open street with everyone looking straight at them! She couldn't – and wouldn't - give that guy a blowjob right in public under everyone's eyes! 

 Suddenly, anger was added to the embarrassment and nervousness torturing Vanessa. She was more than enraged about Mark's idea of pimping her out on the streets! 

 She was the high-class superstar of the 'Red Rose Club'! She didn't need to give any teasers. She was the best fuck in town! 

 Vanessa felt insulted in her pride as a whore by Mark. In her rage, she didn't even notice that she didn't question the fact of being a whore anymore. By now, that was her – Queeny the Starwhore. 

 Suddenly, Vanessa was snapped out of her train of thoughts when she heard Mark say 

 "So it's a deal." 

 She couldn't believe it. But looking from guy to guy, her worry was affirmed by them shaking hands to seal the deal. Her anger increased another notch and finally it broke out of her. 

 "What the fuck!" she shouted out showing her disapproval. 

 But she didn't come any further. In a quick motion, Mark had grabbed Vanessa by the throat squeezing it tightly to shut her up. Leaning over to her ear, he hissed 

 "Not another word! Better remember you're place here! You're nothing but Pavone's little bottom whore. His cashcow he can use in any way to make him money! 

 Shaking Vanessa slightly by the throat to emphasize his words, he continued 

 "You don't want me telling Pavone that he lost money 'cause of your stupid, inappropriate behaviour, do you! Now, get to work and show the guy that you're good for something. Convince him to come to the club, you fucking piece of dirt!" 

 With these words, Mark released her throat. While coughing and rubbing her throat, Vanessa shot some fiery looks at him. She knew he was right and of course, she didn't want to cause Pavone's furore about losing money. Still, she hated Mark for turning her into a low street walker. This degradation was even worse than her walk of shame through Downtown with the slut-ad dangling off her tits. 

 "Now, follow me fuckslut! And I wanna see that whore ass swaying from side to side! Walk like the cheap street hooker you are!" 

 Without taking another look at Vanessa, Mark turned around and started walking down the street. 

 

 Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 15 ****** byCathartico© For a second, Vanessa stood there frozen to the ground. Everyone around had heard Mark's words. In their eyes, she was exactly what he had said – a slutty streetwalking hooker. And there was nothing she could do to change that impression. 

 Finally resigned to her fate, she turned to the business-guy still standing at the curb. 

 "Thank you sir for testing this whore." she addressed him flashing her sluttiest smile. "This slut won't disappoint you." 

 Vanessa grabbed his hand and dragged the guy behind. Not knowing where to go, she simply followed Mark's lead. Remembering his words, she swayed her ass from side to side as hard as she could while walking in her white, high heeled stripper platform boots. 

 She could see everyone on the street looking at her and shaking their heads. Passing the pedestrians, she could hear their derogatory comments. 

 "Ugh, what a desperate whore!" 

 "Look at that gutter slut - a real hoochie skank!" 

 "Bah, I'd never touch anything that dirty!" 

 "The guy will never get that filth off again!" 

 Each comment felt like a stab to the heart to Vanessa. She was talked about like nothing more than a filthy piece of dirt by total strangers. Could there be anything more degrading? 

 

 

 In front of her eyes, she saw herself walking down the same street a few weeks ago - a respected secretary and member of the local country club. 

 And now, she didn't even dare looking at herself – a scantily dressed streetwalking whore that was about to suck off a john right in public. 

 

 

 With the guy in tow, Vanessa hurried behind Mark as fast as possible- She desperately wanted to get off the busy street. She still didn't know where Mark was going and where she was supposed to satisfy her john though. 

 At the first junction, Mark suddenly walked to the right turning into the adjacent avenue. As it was common in the Downtown area, there was a little alley running parallel to each avenue. Basically, those small lanes were the backstreets behind the office buildings. 

 That was exactly where Mark was heading. By now, getting away from the busy avenue was enough to make Vanessa sigh in relief. She didn't care what the alley looked like. All that mattered was that no one was around. 

 The difference between the clean, prim avenue and the dirty, filthy alley was striking. Rows of dumpsters and trash cans lined the alley. Heaps of trash like old cardboards, used mattresses and other discarded stuff lay about. At one house-wall, an old, battered car-wreck was parked that didn't even have any tires left. 

 The whole scenario somehow reminded Vanessa of the Italian restaurant's dirty backyard. Out of a sudden, Vanessa's mind jumped back to that scene when the sleazy messenger had forced her to fuck the ugly, fat waiter. That grungy, manky backyard had given her the creeps. 

 In a weird way, Vanessa didn't feel as disgusted by the reeking, grimy alley this time although it was just as filthy. After all, she was dressed in the utmost skanky way and a junked cardboard was dangling off her tits as a slut- ad. 

 The way Vanessa had been disgraced during the last week in the 'Red Rose Club' and the manner she had been humbled just a few seconds ago, had an effect on her inner self. Somehow, she felt like this filthy, sleazy alley was exactly where such a dirty piece of bimbo trash belonged. This seedy place perfectly suited her declassee appearance. 

 Still, the memory of her backyard abuse at the hands of the fat, ugly waiter rerunning in front of her inner eye made her forget about the task at hand. 

 She barely noticed that they had reached the car-wreck. The guy had made her stop stepping in front of her. He wasn't doing anything else though clearly waiting for the whore to start with her performance. When nothing happened for a few seconds, he became relentless and annoyed. 

 "Got no time to lose on such a rotten, cheap whore." he finally barked into her ear tearing Vanessa out of her memory. 

 "This slutty cakehole better does a convincing job and it better does it fast. I got other things to do than wasting my time on a stupid piece of gutter trash with a foul mouth that can't keep up to her word!" 

 With these words, the guy started turning around ready to walk away. Instinctively, Vanessa knew that she had to settle into her nasty slut-self to give a convincing whore-performance. Or else, the guy would be lost as a customer to the club. And she didn't want to earn Mark's wrath for blowing his plans. 

 Almost on autopilot, she dropped to her knees in front of the car fender. 

 "Please sir!" she cried out. "Forgive this whore for being a stupid bimbo airhead. Let this ho prove that her whoreyap can be useful for something." 

 Vanessa's heart sank when the guy didn't stop in her tracks. A glance to Mark showed her that he was extremely pissed about the dumb slut messing up once again. She needed the business-guy to come back. 

 "Please sir, you won't find a nastier, filthier fuckslut in town. This skanky whore needs to be used and abused for good!" 

 Vanessa had to gulp before being able to blurt out this humiliating invitation. Instantly, she knew that these words would haunt her. 

 But at least, they did the trick and made the business-guy turn around. He walked back up to the kneeling slut and remained standing in front of her. 

 This time the 'Red Rose Whore' reacted immediately not giving him a chance for second thoughts. 

 Trying to be extra slutty, she leaned forward and grabbed the zipper of his trousers with her teeth. Clasping her hands behind her back, she tried showing off her most submissive side by opening his zipper and belt with her mouth only. 

 The second his cock jumped out of his pants, Vanessa started licking up and down his shaft bathing his dick in her saliva. All the time, she looked up at him with a provocative smile. 

 She expected the business-guy to get active any second roughly grabbing her hair and shoving his cock deep into her mouth. But nothing happened. The guy remained passive. 

 So she started a different approach beginning to moan excessively while twirling her tongue over his cockhead in rapid speed. 

 "Hmmm, this tastes so good, hmmm!" she purred like a cat licking milk. 

 "Oooh yeah, hmmm yeah!" she continued while finally gulping down his shaft. 

 Vanessa took the guy's cock deep into her mouth with the first go. She only needed three pushes to bury his shaft completely down her throat. When she felt his crotch hair tickling her nose, she looked back up at him. 

 Vanessa knew that this sight drove men wild – a slut on her knees looking up all submissively with a cock fully buried down her throat. And it worked this time as well. 

 Almost unconsciously, the guy grabbed Vanessa's hair and pushed her head hard into his groin keeping his cock down the slut's throat until she started gagging and squirming slightly. 

 "Hmmm! Aaah! Hmmm! Oooh!" Vanessa started moaning in between her gags in an attempt to further egg the guy on to give it rough to the slut. 

 When he finally let Vanessa's head go pushing her mouth off his cock, she exclaimed 

 "Yeah, that's the way to treat a filthy whore!" 

 But her self-degradation seemed to fall on deaf ears. The business-guy simply held her hair in his grip waiting for the slut to continue sucking. 

 Vanessa knew that the guy was far from being convinced of her whore-qualities. She was getting desperate. The more she acted nasty and filthy, the more he seemed repelled. She didn't know what else to do so she tried to up the ante even more. 

 "C'mon, you're too modest to treat a cheap gutter tramp the way she deserves it?" Vanessa started challenging the guy. 

 Looking disdainfully at his expensive suit, the whore started mocking the business-guy. 

 "Oooh, someone's too classy and too fine to show this stupid piece of bimbo trash what he really thinks about her!" 

 The guy released her head anger flaming up in his eyes. 

 "Oooh, someone doesn't want to get his hands dirty putting this nasty, low-life sewer whore into her place?" she increased her taunts. "Admit it, you're not man enough!" 

 Finally, her words had hit the right spot. By now, Vanessa could see a furious fire burning in his eyes. Suddenly, his grip on her hair was back and this time it was strong like a vice. 

 "C'mon 'Mister High and Mighty'!" she continued mocking him. "Fuck this cheap cakehole like you own it!" 

 The next second, Vanessa felt something wet and slimy hitting her right eye. Her taunting had pushed the business-guy over the edge. 

 In a fit of rage, he had spit right at the red-haired whore hitting her eyelid. His spittle immediately closed her eye for good. The white bubbly drool hung heavily off her eyelash. Some of the spit had even hit her eyeball making Vanessa shudder from the unexpected sting. 

 "That's all you deserve to get from me!" the business-guy responded with a despising laughter. 

 "I wasted enough time on you useless piece of dirt. You may look hot but you're not worth a dime!" he snarled at her. 

 These words cut Vanessa to the quick. She had attracted his attention with her ravishing model looks. But her whorish behaviour had put him off so much he didn't want her to suck him off anymore. 

 By now, she not only worked as a cheap hooker, she had internalized the whorish attitude and behaviour so deeply that she acted like a cheap, trashy skank on autopilot and thereby grossed out high-class guys like this business-man. 

 How could she keep up her act as the queen bitch of the country club when the slut- demeanour seemed so natural by now? For a split-second, Vanessa was afraid of her next trip to the country club. 

 But before she had further time to contemplate these thoughts, the business-guy grabbed her hair. Forcing her to look back up at him, he told her. 

 "Your offer is too good to get wasted though." 

 Using the hair-handle, he turned Vanessa's head to the side. With one eye shut from the glob of drool, she squinted and blinked in an attempt to see something. 

 Slowly, her sight got clear and she could make out a silhouette. First, she thought it was Mark. But then she saw that it was someone else. 

 A guy was standing in front of the dumpsters that were located next to the car- wreck. 

 He looked like a janitor wearing an old, dirty uniform. In his hand, he carried several bags full of trash. He had probably stepped out of the office backdoor to dump the trash. 

 And his wide open smile not only revealed several missing teeth but also told Vanessa that he had heard all her taunts. 

 Vanessa's mouth gaped wide-open. Finally, she could see the man in all his glory. His uniform was old, washed-out and greasy. And that was also the perfect description of the janitor himself. With his greasy hair and unwashed face he could have easily passed as a bum if he hadn't worn the overall. 

 His mere sight made Vanessa shutter in disgust. This hadn't been part of the deal! It had been her job to convince the business-guy of her whore skills. Another guy hadn't been part of the plan and especially not such a derelict. 

 Looking over to Mark standing at the other side of the alley, Vanessa could see that he was more than annoyed about her failing to impressive the business-guy. She had clearly failed to turn him into a new customer. 

 Gazing up at the business-guy, his look wasn't any friendlier. Instead, it clearly told her that he meant business. And after all, he hadn't cum so the 'Red Rose Whore' hadn't kept her part of the deal. All in all, there weren't a lot of arguments left for the slut. 

 

 

 Vanessa felt like standing up and running away. But her body didn't move. She knew too well that she didn't have any other chance then letting the inevitable happen. 

 "This whore is trying to lure some customers. Wanna have a try testing out if this gutter skank delivers what she promises?" the business-guy addressed the janitor. 

 The man seemed intimidated by the business-guy. It appeared as if he was still contemplating if he could believe his eyes and ears. Without moving a bit, he meekly nodded his agreement. 

 "C'mon whore!" the business-guy exclaimed in response. "Invite that nice lad just as convincingly as you did with me!" 

 Seeing the uncomfortable look in Vanessa's eyes, he repeated his order with a harsh voice. 

 "Open - that - cakehole, fuck puppet!" 

 By now, Vanessa felt more intimidated than the janitor so she instantly obeyed. The next second, she was pushing her head to the side choking and gagging profusely. 

 The business-guy had pushed his index finger into her mouth and shoved it right down her throat making her gullet clench around the intruder and causing her gag reflex to kick in the hard way. 

 Turning her head to the side in an attempt to get the guy's finger out of her throat only earned Vanessa a sharp slap in the face making her right cheek burn in full red colour. 

 "Open!" was all the business-guy said. 

 "Sorry sir, please use this whore throat as you will!" Vanessa quickly replied realizing her mistake. 

 She uneasily wriggled about on the concrete knowing that the guy was set out to abuse her throat making her feel as uncomfortable as possible. 

 Reluctantly, Vanessa looked back to the janitor and opened her mouth again. One more time, the business-guy pushed his index finger into her throat on the get go. Once again, the slut started gagging immediately. 

 "Urgh, wrgh, argh!" 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to get used to the finger in her throat, the guy added his middle finger pushing it down her gullet as well. 

 Vanessa's eyes got watery. The uneasiness was clearly visible in her look. Over and over, she had to squint. More and more water flooded her eyes. Her look became glassy until her eyes finally broke and tears started running down her cheeks in streams. 

 "Say 'Please sir treat this worthless gutter whore like shit!'" he ordered. 

 "Please – urgh – sir – wrgh – treat – urgh –this – wrgh – worth – urgh – less – wrgh – whore – urgh - like – wrgh - shit." Vanessa replied. 

 It was a pitiful, retching mumbling coming over her lips and the water running out of her eyes started mixing with some real tears from the utter debasement. 

 The display was extremely degrading– the fuckwhore with the slut-ad dangling off her tits kneeling in a dirty alley, a guy standing over her, his fingers buried deep down her throat while she had to choke out every self-degrading word in between constant gags. 

 

 

 As response, Vanessa heard laughter ringing in her ears. The business-guy, the janitor and even Mark couldn't stop laughing about the stupid hooker who was letting men do everything with her. 

 The choked-out invitation finally convinced the janitor and he walked over to the slut who was still kneeling in front of the car fender. As soon as he had reached her, the business-guy stepped away. 

 "Tzzz, what a desperate fuckwhore!" he exclaimed shaking his head. "That club will never see me if it got nothing else to offer than such a wretched, degenerate hooker." 

 With these words, he was gone and Vanessa was kneeling in front of the greasy janitor all on her own. 

 

 

 The business-guy's demonstration had given the sleazy guy some nasty ideas though. 

 "Open that whoreyap and spread those lips wide with your hands, dirty ho!" he instructed her. 

 Hesitantly, Vanessa did what she was told. She didn't know what he was intending but it didn't sound too well – at least for her. 

 She pushed the index and middle finger of each hand into the corner of her mouth and started spreading her lips open. 

 "Further ... further ...!" the janitor encouraged her until her lips were stretched to the breaking point. 

 It was a ridiculous sight of the cheap whore obediently kneeling in the public alley looking submissively up to her john and holding her mouth wide-open with her long, red stiletto-nailed fingers while obediently waiting for him to pull his cock out of his trousers. 

 Looking down at the trashy whorebag with her mouth spread open, the janitor suddenly spit a big white glob of spittle deep into her mouth. As reaction, Vanessa's whole body shook in disgust and the revulsion was clearly displayed on her face. In an instant, she let her hands go closing her mouth and trying to spit the guy's drool onto the ground. 

 She only earned a slap in the face for this misbehaviour. 

 "Keep those hands in your mouth, fucking piece of trash!" he reminded her. 

 With her cheek burning, Vanessa quickly obeyed getting back into position spreading her mouth wide-open with her fingers. 

 One more time, the janitor spit into her open mouth and once again Vanessa couldn't help but shake in disgust with a grossed out grimace on her face. Still, she managed to keep her fingers in her mouth this time waiting obediently for the next humiliation. 

 The sight of the helpless slut desperately struggling to keep her composure made the guy laugh evilly and he spit into her mouth for a third time only to have the whore shaking again. 

 With her fingers sticking in her mouth, Vanessa felt more than helpless when the dirty, unwashed janitor grabbed her hair and pulled her head back making her look directly up into the sky. 

 Then he stepped right over her and drove his rigid cock down. He shoved his tool through her wide spread lips plunging it deep down her gullet with the first push. And there was nothing Vanessa could do against it. With her hands trapped, she was totally at his mercy. He could use her whoreyap any way he wished. 

 And once again, Vanessa's throat went wild with contractions trying its best to push the intruder out. With her mouth spread so wide, the guy's dick wasn't even touching her lips basically fucking nothing but her throat. And in his position towering above her face, he rammed his tool into Vanessa's gullet in an angle of almost 90 degrees. 

 Vanessa felt like a jackhammer was drilling down into her throat. She had never endured such a fiercely intense skull fucking. 

 Vanessa had no chance of controlling her body. Like an electric eel, her upper body was writhing around under the ferocious onslaught. The red-haired slut looked like a fish floundering and fidgeting on a hook. 

 The retching and choking was even more out of control loudly echoing through the alley. Her mouth filled with drool and slobber until wet, squishing noises mixed with the gags. 

 "Quack – urgh – quack – wrgh – quack – urgh – quack – wrgh!" 

 The slobber and throat slime literally exploded from her mouth spraying wildly to all sides. Long strings of sticky white drool hung down her chin until they got too heavy. Breaking off, the yucky streaks landed on her chest and on the cardboard that was still hanging off her tits. 

 Water was running out of Vanessa's eyes in torrents. She felt like there weren't any tears left after some minutes. The throat-bashing applied such strain and pressure onto her body, Vanessa was sweating profusely. 

 But there was nothing she could do. Her hands were trapped inside her own mouth and the guy seemed dead certain to rage himself out on her skull. 

 Every once in a while, the dirty janitor pushed his straining cock out of the 'Red Rose Whore's' throat giving her short breaks to gasp for some fresh air. A few seconds later, he attacked her gullet once again. 

 The throat-bashing seemed like it would never end and the guy went wild on her throat for at least 15 minutes. Finally, Vanessa could feel the stinking, dirty janitor tensing. He quickly pushed his cock out of her mouth before it erupted. 

 Spurt after spurt shot out of his cock in a wide arch. But he didn't aim at the stupid hooker although she had opened her mouth like a good whore. 

 Instead, he shot his entire load onto the fender of the old battered car-wreck. The sperm coated it like a new, glistening paint. 

 The janitor's cock had barely stopped spurting when he roughly grabbed Vanessa's head with a hand on each side dragging the slut over to the car so she kneeled right in front of the fender. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 15 ****** byCathartico© "Stick that tongue out and mop up the smut!" he bellowed. 

 The janitor barely gave Vanessa enough time to do as he had ordered when he pressed her cheek against the fender. He used her head like a swab. 

 He wiped one cheek after the other over the fender spreading the thick, bubbly cum even further. His grip was so strong that Vanessa didn't stand a chance to resist. All she could do in her kneeling position was lunge out with her legs and scream. 

 "Uuuuhhhh! Ooooh! Arrrggh!" 

 Vanessa could feel the old peeled off paint and rust from the car scraping on her soft cheeks. She didn't know how long the car-wreck was standing in the lane but it was definitely more than grime-stained. The whole ordeal was extremely disgusting. 

 It didn't get better when the janitor stopped using her cheeks as a mop. Instead, he ordered the slut to push her tongue out forcing Vanessa to lick up his seed. 

 Vanessa tried to resist as much as she could pressing her head away from the fender. But the guy was far too strong. He kept her head in his vice grip until the slut had lapped up all of his cum. 

 After the whole ordeal, Vanessa was a pitiful sight. The slut's face was smeared mask. Run make-up and thick, white slobber covered her face. Her hair was all matted and messed up. Even the slut-ad looked just as battered as the whore. Drool and cum were sticking to the cardboard smearing the writing. 

 Vanessa's allurement wasn't over though. After wiping the last remnants of cum off her big fat tits, the janitor suddenly exclaimed. 

 "Look at that! This stupid ho made a fucking mess!" 

 Pushing his flaccid cock back into his trousers, he had discovered that his working boots were cluttered with dried slobber. He had fucked her face so hard that the drool had sprayed everywhere even onto his boots. 

 In an instant, his hands were back on Vanessa's hair pushing her face down to his feet. Closer and closer, the boots with the dried, white throat slime edged to Vanessa's face. 

 Once again, Vanessa felt disgust creeping up her throat. His crusted, dirty working boots looked even worse than the old car fender. But somehow, she didn't resist. It had been her job to convince the business-guy that she was a great whore. He had been her task to lure him to the 'Red Rose Club'. And she had failed. 

 Vanessa felt the strong urge to make up for this dishonour. She couldn't let this sleazy janitor go away messy. She had to finish her job. 

 With her face hovering right above the janitor's boots, she could see the whole mess and it didn't look well. There were several small pools of white, bubbly spit and a few long streaks of thick, slimy drool covering the shoes. 

 Gulping down her revulsion, Vanessa went to work. She slowly stuck her tongue out. 

 She acted too slowly for the impatient janitor though and he started encouraging the whore by slapping her ass turning both ass cheeks bright red. In response, Vanessa started hastily lapping up her slimy mess spit-shining the janitor's boots. 

 The hot, red-haired slut with model looks was kneeling in a public alley licking her own throat-slime off of some stranger's boots while getting her butt spanked into raw meat. It was such a deep, harsh debasement that her pussy couldn't help but start leaking. 

 

 

 With the janitor's boots finally as clean as never before, the shabby guy had stepped back and pulled out a note. It had been 10 bucks. He had simply thrown them onto the concrete next to the kneeling slut finally turning her into a real street whore. 

 Watching the note hit the ground, a sob had escaped Vanessa's mouth. The guy hadn't even bothered to pay more than 10 dollars for her service – 10 dollars! 

 The realization that this ravishing beauty of a slut was paid nothing more than some chump change for being willing to even touch a guy looking like a homeless bum felt like a punch to the stomach. 

 The janitor had been long gone when Vanessa was still kneeling in the dirty, trash-littered alley. The humiliation of being turned into a 10 dollar street walking hooker was devastating. Right at that moment, her snotty, arrogant lady-self felt further away than ever before. 

 

 

 Vanessa hadn't moved until Mark had stepped up to her, grabbed her hand and pulled her up onto her legs. With her cum-covered, drool-smeared face and the slut-ad still dangling in front of her tits, her walk of shame through Downtown had continued. At least, most of the people working in the business district had gone home by now and the Downtown area had distinctly quieted down. 

 After Vanessa had failed to lure the business-guy to the club, she could sense that Mark denied her the ability to attract wealthy clients. He didn't try any further to get men's attention. 

 Instead, he simply let Vanessa walk down the road straight to SMP's office building. In his eyes, her failure had been proof that she was only capable of being used as a cheap piece of fuck meat for the trailer park clientele. 

 Still, Vanessa's appearance didn't remain completely unnoticed. She tried keeping her face down and her eyes fixated onto the ground. But from the corner of her eyes, she could see the reaction of the few people passing her. Those reactions were mostly negative with the people either looking at her with disgust or trying to get out of her path in an exaggerated way. 

 

 

 *to be continued...* 

 *Vanessa finally arrives at the law-office only to be greeted with a completely unexpected surprise.* Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 16 ****** byCathartico© "Finally!" Vanessa breathed a sigh of relief. 

 Finally, Mark and Vanessa had managed to arrive at the law-office and get off the street. She couldn't even tell how relieved she was about it. This morning, the day's prospect had looked more than easy and relaxed. It was Friday afternoon and Vanessa had to entertain Stanton, Miller and Erickson as the office-slut -- nothing new or exceptionally shocking. 

 The idea of a relaxed day was long gone though. The redhead stood in the building's entrance hall wearing the skintight white tube dress that ended right beneath the round mounds of her ass cheeks and had a huge diamond-formed cut-out. She was also clad in a pair of white stockings and white vinyl stripper boots with large plateaus and 7" heels. 

 It was an extremely slutty and tacky outfit that didn't fit into the business district at all. But her outfit wasn't the reason for Vanessa's changed prospect of the day. Instead, the reason was dangling off her exposed tit-rings -- the slut-ad promoting the slogan 

 FUCK THE DUMBSLUT IN THE 'RED ROSE CLUB' 

 Mark had forced Vanessa to walk through the entire Downtown area flaunting the demeaning slut-ad for everyone to see. And he had even gone so far to force the red-haired slut to give a business-guy a blowjob right in a dirty side street to lure him to the 'Red Rose Club'. He had turned her into a cheap, low street hooker! 

 After this demeaning walk of shame, Vanessa was convinced that the rest of the day would be a piece of cake. She had been the office-slut long enough to know how to please Stanton, Miller and Erickson to the best. 

 Somehow though, a slight thrill of anticipation mixed with her relief. So much had happened since the first time she had stepped into this building. There had been so many humiliating experiences she had endured as the office-whore. But there had also been countless orgasms that had taken her to a new world of pleasure. 

 Before meeting the three lawyers, Mark made her go to the restrooms to refresh her appearance. He even took off the slut-ad. He probably didn't want to explain why he had whored out the office-slut on the streets making the lawyers wait unnecessarily long for the slut to arrive. 

 Stanton, Miller and Erickson were already waiting in the conference room. With fresh make-up and rearranged hair, Vanessa stepped into the room and remained standing right behind the door. She kept her eyes on the ground waiting for her inspection like a well-behaved slut. 

 The week as nothing more than a human fuck-device had definitely affected Vanessa's attitude. She was instantly in a submissive state of mind waiting for her instructions. 

 "Ah fuckslut, there you are!" Stanton welcomed his office-whore. 

 "We just need to finish this assignment. We'll be ready in a second." he simply told Vanessa letting her wait five more minutes at the entrance of the conference room. 

 Vanessa didn't dare to look up keeping her position for the entire time. Nevertheless, their behaviour took her by surprise. Ever before, the guys couldn't drop everything fast enough to get their dirty hands on her. But this time something was different. 

 "Aaah!" Stanton finally exclaimed. 

 That sound confused Vanessa even more. But before she had a chance to contemplate it, she heard his next words. 

 "Now go and give the whore her welcoming gift!" he ordered. 

 "Yes sir!" a strangely familiar voice replied. 

 Finally, the surprise and confusion got the better of Vanessa making her look up. And what she saw shocked her to the bone. 

 It had been a female voice! 

 Looking up, Vanessa saw a young woman emerge from beneath the table. She must have knelt there sucking off Stanton, Miller and Erickson! Immediately, thousands of thoughts shot through her head. 

 What was another woman doing in the conference room giving head to her bosses? Why were they using that slut instead of their office-whore? 

 Vanessa's mind went wild contemplating all those questions. In the meantime, the young woman walked towards her giving Vanessa time to check her out. 

 She looked about the same age as Vanessa with long, straight, bleached blonde hair. Vanessa only looked at her face for a second though before her attention was guided to the women's most striking attire. 

 Her tits were huge! They looked unnaturally round and full like balloons that were blown-up to the bursting point. Those oversized bolt-ons had to be at least 34DD-cups and looked as fake as it gets. 

 The sheer size of those massive, inflated silicone-udders she was carrying in front of herself wasn't the most striking thing about the blonde's figure though. Instead, it was the proportion of her tits to her figure. The blonde slut had the well-toned body of a fitness model with a very petite, slender frame and tiny waist. 

 This tight figure emphasised her fake, blown-up tits even more giving the blonde an extremely factitious and Barbie-like look. All in all, those bolt-ons looked totally ridiculous but at the same time incredibly slutty -- in a coarse, vulgar way. 

 The woman slowly approached Vanessa. She was dressed in a white blouse. The first three buttons of the blouse were left open though. Otherwise, they would have burst off by those big juggs. This way, the blouse perfectly framed the blonde's fat fucktits while her chest was covered by a pink top she was wearing underneath. The top was so flimsy that her nipples stood out against the material. 

 The bimbo skank also wore an extremely short, bright pink skirt. The pink perfectly fitted the colour of the blonde's long manicured fingernails and it was barely long enough to cover the curve of her ass cheeks. 

 The ends of the blouse had been pushed out of her skirt and tied in a knot atop her bellybutton. Thereby, her tiny hips and well-toned belly remained completely uncovered. Rounding up her slutty 'office uniform', she also wore a pair of white stockings and white 5" high heels. 

 All in all, it was definitely not the proper outfit for a secretary in a law- firm. Obviously, her role was known to everyone working in the office. 

 With the blonde slut coming closer and closer, Vanessa could finally see her face more clearly. And the redhead's heart skipped a beat. 

 This couldn't be true! She had to be in a nightmare awaking any second! Such coincidences didn't happen in reality! 

 Vanessa couldn't understand what was happening. But with every inch the blonde bitch came closer, her suspicion hardened until the fact wasn't deniable anymore. 

 "Maria?" Vanessa stuttered in disbelief. "Is it really you?" 

 The blonde, pimped-up bimbo in front of Vanessa was Maria -- Maria Allen her former best friend. The two had been friends working together as Go-Go dancers and hitting the town each weekend. 

 Vanessa had always been the saucy, hot-blooded vamp with her sexy, tantalizing curves while Maria had looked more like an innocent and fresh-faced cheerleader with her well-toned sporty body, blue eyes and bright smile. But this was a couple of years ago before Maria had gone to college and become a successful marketing expert. 

 Vanessa remembered the last time she had met Maria. She had accidentally bumped into her a few days before she had started working for 'Stanton, Erickson & Partners' as the office-slut. Maria had been a rich business-lady by then - a business-lady with a tight, well-toned figure, small perky B-cup tits and long, light-brown hair. 

 With her fake, oversized tits and bleached, platinum blonde hair, the skanky bitch that stood in front of Vanessa right now didn't look anything like that well-respected woman at all. Instead, she looked like a typical blonde pornstar bimbo. Her total appearance perfectly fit her slutfigure. She had a deep fake tan and her long manicured fingernails were painted in bright pink. 

 Vanessa would have never admitted it openly but the combination of her fresh youthful face, slender tight figure and huge oversized fuckballoons had turned Maria into a smoking hot bombshell -- or rather an extremely cheap, slutty version of a hot bombshell. 

 Still, Vanessa didn't understand a thing. What had happened to Maria? Why did she look like such a bimbo skank? What was she doing in the office? Why did she suck off the lawyers? 

 There was only one explanation. Somehow, Maria must have become the new office- slut! 

 The first second Vanessa had seen the fake-titted bimbo bitch she had instantly considered her a rival that only stood in her way. The realization that this blonde slut was Maria threw her off the track. She didn't really know how to react. But she couldn't help it. Somehow, the feeling of rivalry remained. 

 Despite her confusion, Vanessa knew one thing for certain. She wouldn't give up the privileges she had received by working as the office-slut. Whatever had caused Maria to turn herself into such a pimped-up blonde Barbie-skank and whatever had motivated her to work for 'Stanton, Erickson & Partners', it didn't matter. 

 Vanessa wouldn't let her come close to the country club. Even more, Vanessa would prove to the lawyers that she was a far better fuck. She had always been the one getting more attention. And this wouldn't change. 

 Still, she couldn't understand Stanton, Miller and Erickson. How had they come in contact with Maria? Why had they hired her? Why didn't they want Vanessa's service anymore? 

 She felt a stab to the heart realizing how quickly the three lawyers had replaced her. Obviously, she had been nothing more than a piece of fuck meat to them. And now they had replaced her with a blonde, pimped-up version. 

 This realization made Vanessa angry to the bone. She was a classic beauty with model looks and big rack. She had always been more beautiful than Maria! That bimbo bitch was only a fake, slutty plastic doll! 

 Why did the lawyers go for something that fake when they could have a classy beauty? 

 Vanessa's train of thoughts was interrupted when Maria finally reached the dumbfounded redhead. The bleached blonde didn't say a word though. Instead, she raised her right curved eyebrow giving Vanessa a challenging look. 

 The next second, Vanessa felt something slimy hitting her left cheek. Maria had kept the lawyers' cum in her mouth and spit it right into the redhead's face. 

 Vanessa winced from this degradation by the hands of her ex-bff. It was so much worse getting humiliated by her former best friend than getting messed up by some guys. 

 "Hello Vanessa!" Maria finally said with a disapproving nod. "So you're the former office-slut I've heard so much about?" 

 Giving Vanessa a once over, Maria let her gaze wander over Vanessa's body. 

 "Oh, that screams classy!" she commented with more than a hint of depreciation in her voice when her gaze reached Vanessa's "Trailer Trash Whore" bellybutton tattoo. 

 "I've always known you're a cheap slut!" Maria remarked. "And now, you're even flaunting it to anyone." 

 "So that's where all the money was coming from out of a sudden." the blonde reasoned relating to their last meeting when Vanessa had proudly shown off all her new, expensive accessories she had bought after becoming the office-slut. 

 "I should have known you could only ever earn money with your slutholes. The only goods you ever knew how to use." Maria said her voice becoming more debasing with every word. 

 "That little wannabe-slut has never been any competition for me." she suddenly addressed Stanton, Erickson and Miller. 

 "And she definitely won't be now." the blonde bitch added. "I'm such an upgrade! You must be more than glad to be rid of that worn-out skank and to have me on board now." 

 Maria's sudden arrogant attitude completely caught Vanessa off guard. Where was this behaviour coming from? 

 Back when they were working as Go-Go dancers, the two were as good as the other concerning their snobby, smug behaviour. They had always been considered as the arrogant bitch-duo by anybody. 

 But this new cocky attitude exceeded everything before. And right there and then, it more than annoyed Vanessa. These insults coming from her former best friend maddened her with rage. 

 Who was the little wannabe-slut here? Who had needed to pimp-up her body? Why did Maria dare talking about her like that at all? 

 Vanessa was the perfect office-slut! That fake Barbie doll could pump up her little titties as much as she wanted to, she would never come close to Vanessa's ravishing beauty or sluttiness! 

 Vanessa felt the sudden urge to jump at Maria's throat. She didn't recognize her ex-bff anymore. She felt like the last hints of their friendship were gone. Now, they were nothing but rivals for the same job. 

 The fiery redhead clenched her fists ready to teach this snotty, presumptuous slut a lesson. But she tried to calm herself down. She didn't dare making a scene in front of Stanton, Miller and Erickson. She knew better than to upset them. 

 Still, Vanessa looked daggers at Maria and couldn't hold back spitting out a response. 

 "Where did you pick up this wannabe Barbie? Did that blow-up doll fall off the truck?" 

 Now it was time for Maria to glow angrily at Vanessa. The two appeared ready to go for the other's jugular any second. 

 Watching the two girls getting into a bitchfight, the three lawyers couldn't hold back any longer and started laughing hard. The scene of two hot, slutty bombshells fighting over the title of the bigger slut was too absurd. 

 "So you two know -- and love -- each other!" Stanton eventually interrupted the upcoming bitchfight with a chuckling voice. 

 "Still, let me introduce our newest staff-member." he told Vanessa. "Now that you're working off your debts for Pavone, you understand that we needed someone else to motivate our employees, don't you?" 

 "And as luck would have it, we ran into this little slut." Stanton started explaining the situation. "As you apparently know, Maria had been working as a marketing expert. What you probably don't know is that she shot several porn movies during her time at college." 

 "And she proved her smarts by being all creative and calling herself Heidy Moon Stratus." Erickson dropped a sarcastic remark. 

 "Somehow, a girl needs to pay the college tuition ... and the designer dresses and designer shoes." Miller added a snide quip making the three lawyers crack up again. 

 This revelation stunned Vanessa. She knew Maria or at least she had thought she knew her. The two had been slutting around town during their time as Go-Go dancers. But fucking random guys on camera for plain cash? That seemed like a pretty big step -- at least for the Maria she had known. 

 But after all, it hadn't taken Vanessa too long to accept the job as office- slut. And she had done it for the money only -- at first. Apparently, the two were still quite similar. 

 "Of course those secrets never stay hidden in the closet. Someone in her division apparently watched some internet porn." Stanton resumed the explanation. 

 "That was the end to the promising career as a well-respected, high-powered business-lady." he went on. 

 "So what's a slut to do?" Miller remarked. "With her porn past, no company would ever hire her again." 

 "And at that point, the slut showed her smarts again by getting all creative." Erickson chipped in. "Let's bring out Heidy Moon Stratus again and make a comeback!" 

 "But first let's blow up those tits and bleach that hair platinum blonde to have some good arguments for a second round through the porn mill!" Miller commented mockingly imitating Maria's voice. 

 "With those ridiculously oversized bolt-ons, the slut tried to cover up the fact that her diva behaviour had unnerved all porn producers and made her persona non grata on all porn sets during her first run." he continued. 

 "You just got a perfect taste of it!" Erickson remarked with a chuckle relating to Maria's arrogant greeting. 

 "Still, those silicone titties weren't enough to make the producers forget all the drama. Every bridge had irreparably been burnt down during her first run." Miller explained. 

 "Every guy loves a smug, presumptuous whore trembling on his nerves, doesn't he?" Erickson wisecracked again. 

 "That must be humiliating not even being able to get a job in the smut business." Stanton chuckled. 

 "Still, those bolt-ons need to be paid off somehow." Miller continued "So the little wannabe-Barbie had to beg some lowlife producers to shoot her in some cheap, dirty vids." 

 "No softcore glamour shoots for the pimped-up bimbo whore but cheap hardcore clips for the bottom of the porn barrel instead." Erickson remarked. "Only to find out that they ripped her off and didn't pay her a dime!" 

 "Now, the bimbo had given herself the perfect slut-look but even her porn career was in ruins." Stanton went on. 

 "So the little bimbo came to us to sue those producers. Of course, we couldn't let such a hot piece of ass simply walk out of here, could we? Now, she can work of her slut-upgrades as the new office-whore" he finished to another roar of dirty laughter. 

 While the three lawyers were telling the story, pictures of Maria's recent 'career' ran in front of Vanessa's inner eyes. All of it sounded utterly debasing. Vanessa imagined the condescending looks of Maria's co-workers when she got fired from her marketing job. She imagined the sleazy, snotty gazes of those lowlife porn producers greedily checking out her pimped-up bimbo body and still rejecting her like a derelict. 

 The sheer imagination was enough for Vanessa to feel the deep humiliations Maria must have gone through. She somehow felt sorry for her ex-bff. After all, they had been good friends once. But at the same time, the description awakened Vanessa's submissive side and her pussy responded starting to leak. 

 During their little speech, the three lawyers had acted as if Maria hadn't even been in the same room treating her like a decorative display dummy -- or rather a Barbie fuck dummy. 

 Vanessa had glanced over to her ex-bff several times, only to see that the blonde was standing obediently next to her with her gaze lowered to the ground not flinching at all despite the guys humiliating description. 

 This didn't really go well with the diva attitude Maria had shown before. But obviously, Vanessa's former best friend was just as much of a humilslut as the redhead. 

 This realization suddenly added a second feeling. Vanessa's perception of her ex-bff changed again and the sense of rivalry flared back up. After all, Maria presented competition for the role of the office-slut. 

 But knowing the blonde's diva attitude, she also presented a rival for the position of the country club's queen bitch. And that was a status Vanessa wouldn't lose on any account. 

 While Vanessa still processed Maria's story, Stanton, Miller and Erickson suddenly got into motion. 

 "We have a client meeting in a restaurant in half an hour." Stanton explained abruptly getting into motion. "And you two will be the entertainment." 

 With these words, the three lawyers stood up and walked over to the two office- whores. Miller and Erickson produced two collars with leashes out of an office cupboard. Putting one around the neck of each slut, the two guys led them out of the law-office into the underground parking garage where they got into their cars and drove off to the restaurant. 

 --- 

 The drive to the restaurant went down unspectacularly. Vanessa had to sit on the passenger seat of Erickson's car while Maria rode in Miller's car. Erickson didn't pay any attention to Vanessa probably because he had just come from Maria sucking him off. He didn't even say a word to her instead concentrating on the traffic. 

 They were the last ones arriving on the restaurant's parking-lot. Stanton and Miller were already standing at their cars with Miller holding Maria by the leash. Immediately, goose bumps formed on Vanessa's skin as she realized that she was about to get led by a leash over the parking-lot. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 16 ****** byCathartico© When they got out of the car, Erickson didn't waste any time taking the leash and dragging Vanessa along to the restaurant entrance. Hastily, Vanessa looked around. As the restaurant was situated a little off the Downtown area, there were no people around. 

 She breathed a sigh of relief. After the walk of shame through Downtown earlier, Vanessa had enough of being publicly disgraced for the day. 

 Looking over to Maria, she could see that her former best friend acted just as obediently as before submissively letting Miller lead her by the leash. She even seemed to show off by shaking her ass and pushing out that big chest. 

 It seemed as if she was revelling in the degradation -- another new trait Vanessa hadn't known about Maria before. 

 Vanessa got even more infuriated. More and more, the new Maria appeared like a pretentious bitch fuelling Vanessa's dislike. The redhead slowly realized that she had to bring her A-Game to take that bimbo down a peg. 

 Walking into the restaurant, they were greeted by a waiter. Obviously, he was already awaiting the three lawyers as he addressed them by name. Vanessa and Maria only received a quick look-over before he told Stanton 

 "Everything is ready for the gentlemen." 

 After Stanton had handed him several bills, he escorted them to their table. 

 The restaurant was built in a U-form with the entrance at the base of the U. The main room was a drawn-out hall with a bar at the center of the long side opposite the entrance. At the left side of the bar, a door led to a separate dining room while a lounge was situated on the right side. From the high-priced whiskeys and wines displayed on the shelves of the bar, it was clearly evident that this was a very exclusive restaurant. 

 Vanessa and Maria were directly led to the separate dining room. But entering the restaurant's main room, Vanessa's luck changed. 

 Inside, three tables were taken. And when the lawyers walked into the room with their leashed office-whores in tow, all conversations died down instantly. 

 This wasn't much of a surprise considering that Vanessa was dressed in her white, skintight dress with matching stockings and stripper platform boots. The white colour glistened in the lights of the ceiling lamps catching anybody's attention at once. And of course, all looks went straight to the huge diamond- form cut-out of her dress. 

 But Maria's outfit definitely rivalled Vanessa's in sluttiness with her tiny, pink mini skirt and unbuttoned blouse. Especially, the pink top peeking out of the blouse got sized up extensively as it was stretched to the breaking point and looked about to burst any second. 

 It didn't really help that Miller and Erickson had a ball showing off the two scantily clad office-fucktoys to the guests. They walked in a line with Erickson taking the lead dragging Vanessa behind on the leash. Miller followed closely with Maria in tow. 

 Both guys walked extremely slow and stopped at each table to let every guest have a good look at the skanky fuckdolls. 

 At the first table, two guys dressed in suits were sitting obviously having a business lunch. They only huffed disdainfully when the two sluts were lead past. 

 At the second table, an older couple was seated. The woman was shocked and highly indignant at the lewd display. She threw her napkin on the table shaking her head and getting ready to leave this debauched, immoral place immediately. Her old husband on the other hand couldn't tear his eyes off the two bimbo skanks getting paraded around in such a sluttish, obscene way. 

 At the third table, a group of five young men was seated. They couldn't hide their delight about the unexpected slut show. Vanessa could clearly see the guys cracking jokes about those cheap, trashy skanks. 

 Once again, the dismissive attitude from the business guys and elder couple touched Vanessa to the quick. She felt so ashamed and embarrassed that she could feel the shame burning on her cheeks. 

 Maria on the other hand seemed completely unfazed by their devaluing attitude. Instead, she shook her hips even more teasingly while a naughty, challenging smile played around her lips. 

 When she got led along the table of the male group, she even slowed down letting a hand run seductively over her fat, blown-up udders causing the guys to holler at her. 

 Finally, they reached the dining room. It was a luxuriously furnished room with a large table in the middle and a separate door that led directly to the kitchen. Inside, the client was already waiting for Stanton, Miller and Erickson to arrive. When they walked into the room, he got up shaking hands with each of the three lawyers. He completely ignored Vanessa and Maria though. Instead, he told Stanton 

 "As I see you brought It along. I hope It's well-trained. I don't want to have to put up with inferior quality." 

 The way the client talked, it was clear that he was speaking about the two office-whores. But the manner he was talking about them gave Vanessa the chills. It made her feel like the men were negotiating about cattle -- fuck cattle. 

 Stanton's response didn't make her feel any better though. 

 "You will see the fuck meat is the very best merchandise. Those fuck puppets will hold up to your high standards." 

 The next 15 minutes, the four men discussed their business deal. All the while, the two sluts were left standing next to each other at one side of the table like some display dummies. More and more, Vanessa realized that they were exactly that for those guys -- some cheap fuckdummies to be used. 

 Picking up scraps of their conversation, she could figure out that the client was an important local politician and for some reason, 'Stanton, Erickson & Partners' needed to strike a deal with him. The dinner with the two office- whores was an offer to sweeten the deal. 

 The three lawyers called him Mr Connor but Vanessa had never heard of a politician with that name. It was clearly evident though that Mr Connor kept things firmly in hand. To seal the deal, the two office-whores had to completely satisfy the client and all of his wishes. Something Vanessa was definitely not looking forward to concluding from the way he talked about the girls. 

 Connor was about Stanton's age with his hair just as grey. He was a lot taller though with at least 6.2 Feet and well-built for his age. The most noticeable thing about him was the authority he radiated. But in comparison to Stanton this authority appeared a lot more frightening to Vanessa. 

 Finally, the men had agreed upon the deal and Connor stood up. Walking over to his fucktoys, he simply ordered. 

 "It shall show Its goods!" 

 Vanessa and Maria didn't know whom he was addressing. But they were too intimidated by his stern voice. So they both obeyed immediately. 

 Vanessa grabbed the edges of the diamond-formed cut-out and pulled the material outwards to expose her big juicy knockers. Meanwhile, Maria took hold of her pink top and pulled it downwards. As it was stretched to the breaking point and extremely slinky, she barely managed to unpack her ridiculously big bolt-ons before a harsh slap stroke her face. 

 Next, the two office-whores had to push up their dress respectively mini skirt to show off their naked pussies and asses. They had to remain standing still while holding up the hem of their outfits at hip-level. 

 Then Connor began inspecting them just like cattle he was about to purchase. Standing in front of Maria, he gave her a look-over checking out all her curves. A second later, each of his hands grabbed one of Maria's fat blown-up fuckudders mauling them heavily until a pained look appeared on her face. 

 Subsequently, he stepped over to Vanessa and closely examined her as well. Looking at her "Trailer Trash Whore" bellybutton tattoo and 'Property of Pavone' stamp, he only scoffed. 

 Then he tightly clutched at her full, ripe melons. He started kneading them roughly waiting for the slut to show him the pained look he was aiming for. 

 But Vanessa wasn't willing to give in that easily. The politician's derogative behaviour and especially the manner of treating her made her furious. A stubborn fire started burning in her eyes while she held his gaze. 

 She wasn't some cheap, disposable hooker! She was the ice-queen of the country- club that lived out her dark fantasies as the city's top whore! 

 Connor didn't ease down though. Instead, he seemed to enjoy the little power play. His mauling became rougher and rougher. Vanessa's legs started shaking from the pressure while the fire in her eyes burnt just as steady. Then he began pinching her nipples hard twisting her silver nipple rings around mercilessly. 

 Finally, her body couldn't take it anymore. On impulse, Vanessa's hands shot up letting the hem of her dress go. Instantly, she felt a sharp stinging pain on her right cheek. Connor had slapped her face causing tears to shoot into her eyes. 

 "I didn't allow It to release the dress!" he scolded using the word 'It' once again to address Vanessa. 

 Then he stepped in front of Maria again. He made her spread her legs to inspect her pussy. Grabbing both cunt flaps, he spread her twat open exposing the pink sensitive pussy flesh and shoved first one then two fingers up her fuckhole. 

 All the while, Maria kept her hands at hip level holding her pink skirt up and trying desperately to stand as still as possible. 

 Finally, he let off of her pussy and directed his attention back to Vanessa. He didn't even need to say anything to make her spread her legs as wide as she could. 

 Subsequently, the redhead endured the same inspection as Maria. But Connor showed a special interest in her two silver cunt rings as he pulled and twisted them for a while. Finally he pushed her cunt flaps wide open and pushed two fingers inside her pussy one after the other. 

 "It is wet!" Connor exclaimed with a scoffing voice. 

 Once again, Vanessa's eyes closed from the degradation of being called 'It'. But the politician was right. Her pussy was wet. As much as she wanted to, she couldn't suppress her excitement. The more severe the degradation, the more her body got aroused. 

 Having fun with humiliating the rebellious slut, he started fucking her pussy until squishing sounds were audible. Deeper and deeper, he pushed his fingers into Vanessa's fuckhole lifting the office-whore up onto her tiptoes with every shove. 

 As Vanessa didn't dare releasing the dress another time, her hands were trapped at hip level leaving her no chance to defend herself. Her body was made to dance on Connor's fingers. 

 She looked more than helpless with her fat funbags pushed out of her dress and her hands holding up her skirt while her body rose up and down. It was such a humiliating sight getting displayed like a jumping-jack -- or rather a jumping- slut. 

 And the four guys had a great laugh about the desperate skank. 

 Connor continued this humiliation for several minutes until he finally let her pussy go. Before stepping away, he gave her cunt a good slap though. Vanessa almost folded up only just managing to remain upright. 

 "Thank you, sir!" she responded surprising herself more than anyone else. 

 This automatic reply made her angry about herself and she bit her lips. How could her body betray herself so easily? She despised that politician. He intimated and frightened her. Still, her body was more than willing to surrender to the guy and place herself at his mercy. 

 It seemed like Pavone's firm grip over her had made Vanessa more submissive than ever. By now, she not only submitted reluctantly to Pavone and Stanton, she obediently submitted to any dominant guy. 

 This servile side didn't match her arrogant ice-queen self at all. Still, it was hard to deny that it was a part of her. She hated Pavone for turning her into such a submissive cumslut but even more she hated herself for it. Her body on the other hand seemed to have a completely different opinion about it. 

 When Connor's thorough inspection was over, he sat back at the table leaving the girls standing where they were with their tits and pussy exposed. 

 "Hmm," he exclaimed. "A bimbo Barbie-doll and a hot, fiery redhead! Not a bad selection!" 

 "I like that blonde bimbo's combination of fresh, innocent face and pimped-up skank-body." he continued 

 "On the one hand, It looks fresh and unjaded. On the other hand, It is willing to enhance Its goods to fulfil Its life task of serving men." he examined. 

 Gazing over to Maria, Vanessa could see her former best friend closing her eyes while processing this humiliation. Connor didn't comment on Vanessa though. Instead, he called Maria to come over to him infuriating Vanessa even more. 

 Now, it was Maria's turn to look over to Vanessa. With a provocative smile on her face, she gloried in the small victory over her ex-bff savouring it to the fullest. Vanessa had to grit her teeth not to jump at her. 

 More and more, Maria's pretentious, cocky behaviour angered her. By now, she disliked the new Maria to the fullest. 

 How could Connor choose that ditzy wannabe-bitch over her? She was a classic beauty not some dull puppet! And she had been the one wet and ready for him! 

 Vanessa couldn't even tell who annoyed her more, that cruel politician or the stupid bimbo bitch of an ex-bff. 

 Helplessly, Vanessa had to watch Maria getting onto her hands and knees and crawling under the table. She had to suck Connor while they were waiting for their meal and she wasn't allowed to make him cum before the food was placed on the table. 

 Vanessa was dead-certain that Connor had made the wrong choice. She knew how much the johns from the 'Red Rose Club' loved her blowjob skills. There was hardly someone doing it better and this little bitch was definitely not in the same league. 

 But there was nothing she could do about it. Without even noticing it, her upset of being treated like a submissive cumslut was gone. Instead, she was now burning to prove her skills as the perfect whore. 

 Vanessa was still standing at the side of the table holding up her dress when the door opened and the waiter walked back in. He was carrying a tray with two bottles of table water, a bottle opener and a chain. 

 The waiter placed the items on the table and left again but not before checking out Vanessa's tits and ass with a dirty look. 

 "Now, the piece of rotten fuck meat eventually has some use." Connor commented with a nod to Vanessa. "Let's see how It performs that task." 

 At Stanton's sign, Vanessa walked over to him taking a closer look at the items on the table. Finally, she could see that the chain was actually a corkscrew with a chain on each side instead of a bar. She was unable though to make heads or tails of how this was making her useful. 

 "As Mr Connor prefers some pimped-up meat over a used-up trailer trash whore, you can at least be used as servant." he told Vanessa. 

 The label 'used-up whore' made her knees buckle with degradation but at the same time the furious fire in her eyes lid back up. How could he dare calling her like that! She was his perfect office-whore! 

 While Vanessa was still looking daggers at Stanton, he made her spread her legs once again. Then he took the metallic bottle opener. It had a small ribbon at the rear. He threaded the ribbon through both pussy rings attaching the opener to her cunt and in the process closing it up for good. 

 Looking down herself, Vanessa couldn't believe her eyes. A bottle opener was dangling off her pussy! 

 It didn't get any better when Stanton took the corkscrew. The chain had a little clasp at each side and he attached each end to one of her nipple rings. Now, a chain with a corkscrew in the middle was hanging of her big, juicy tits! 

 Vanessa couldn't believe how deeply debased she felt. Not only was she considered a used-up whore by Connor but she was also getting equipped like a kitchen device! The embarrassment was burning on her cheeks while she felt the guys' amused looks on her new utensils. 

 A slap to her ass told Vanessa that the slutty kitchen device was needed. With her hands holding up the hem of her skirt at hip level, she had to walk around the table to Miller who was holding one of the bottles. When she stepped next to his chair, he immediately grabbed the opener. 

 But instead of using it on the bottle, he played around with it first. He pushed on it pulling her cunt flaps taunt. He kept on pulling until Vanessa was forced to thrust her hips forward. 

 Vanessa looked more than ridiculous with her hands at her sides, her hips thrust forward and her upper body arched back. Obviously, Miller liked the humiliating display as he stood up and took a walk around the table dragging Vanessa behind. 

 She had to stumble after him with her legs spread in a demeaning frog-march. The high platform boots didn't really help as they made it even harder for her to keep her balance. 

 Every time they passed one of the other guys, they slapped her ass in an attempt to make her lose balance. The first two times took her by surprise making her trip. She could only just remain upright but earned her a sharp tug on her pussy lips. 

 Eventually, they arrived back at Miller's chair. Taking the bottle in one hand, Vanessa felt another short, sharp tug on her cunt lips and the first bottle was open. 

 "Thank you sir for using the slut-device." she automatically told Miller slowly resorting to her obedient slut-self. 

 Holding the crown cork in his hand, Miller looked around. Gazing back at Vanessa, he simply told her 

 "We need a trash can." 

 It took Vanessa several seconds to realize what he was intending. He wanted her to degrade herself further than ever before! Cold showers were running down her spine. She didn't think she would be capable of disgracing herself that deeply. 

 But she had already failed giving Connor a good first impression and he had chosen Blondie as his plaything instead of her. She couldn't fail a second time! 

 Gulping down the lump in her throat, she had to bring up all her will-power to force herself onto her knees and open her mouth. Looking up open-mouthed while kneeling next to Miller, she looked like an obedient dogbitch. 

 For a few moments, Miller held his hand above her face as if dangling a bone in front of his dog. Eventually, he let the crown cork fall into her mouth with a derisive gesture. When the piece of sheet metal hit her tongue, Vanessa cringed on the floor. 

 With the crown cork in her mouth, she had to crawl to Erickson on the other side of the table. When she knelt next to his chair, he placed the second bottle on the floor in front of Vanessa. 

 "Open it!" was all he said. 

 Vanessa looked at him completely dumbfounded. 

 When she didn't react, Erickson bellowed at her 

 "Get to work, moron pig and don't even think about using your hands." 

 Vanessa knew that she had to get started. But what was she supposed to do? She had no clue how to open the bottle. 

 With her hands clasped behind her back, she lifted herself up making herself kneel directly next to the bottle. Moving her hips back and forth, she tried to swing the opener onto the bottle. 

 Back and forth, back and forth. Over and over, she had to sway her hips. The opener was swinging to and fro. 

 Vanessa started working her body in a frenzy see-sawing her hips until she broke out in a sweat. Even the corkscrew chain rocked back and forth. Several times, the opener landed on the crown cork without getting a hold on it. Every time, it slipped off again. 

 The sight of the kneeling slut trying desperately to swing the opener onto the bottle with her pussy was almost too much for the guys to take. They were roaring with laughter unable to stop. 

 To Vanessa, the 5 minutes of fruitless work felt like hours. Eventually, she gave up and tried another approach. Getting up from her knees, she squatted directly over the bottle letting the opener hang down from her cunt. Then she slowly lowered herself down until the opener was placed at one side of the crown cork. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 16 ****** byCathartico© This approach definitely worked better and Vanessa cursed herself for not coming up with the idea earlier. 

 Still, she somehow had to open the bottle so she had to forcefully push her hips back in an attempt to get enough pressure at the right angle. 

 But it didn't work. 

 Vanessa repeated it several times squatting over the bottle and pushing backwards. Each push was more forceful until she fell right onto her ass. 

 The sight of the desperate slut plonking down onto her ass was in no way less ridiculous. And the guys had just as much fun watching the frantic whore. 

 Nothing worked though, the bottle remained closed. And finally with sweat all over her body, Vanessa gave up. She got back onto her hands and knees and looked up at Erickson. 

 "Please sir, help this dumb piece of gutter scum!" she cried out, her words slurry from the crown cork in her mouth. 

 "Useless!" was all Erickson said in reply while shaking his head. 

 "Please use her mouth as trash can so this stupid bottom whore has at least some use for you, sir!" Vanessa hastily added in an attempt to soothe the lawyer. 

 Instead, Erickson roughly grabbed the opener and pulled it up making the dumb slut squat over the bottle again. Then he used the opener as if there wasn't a piece of flesh attached. 

 "Uuuhhh!" Vanessa hissed when he opened the bottle with a sharp tug. 

 The pull had pushed on her cunt rings painfully dragging her pussy lips wide. 

 Erickson's stern look stifled her hiss though and a second later, Vanessa was kneeling next to him with her mouth wide open. With another derisive gesture, the second piece of sheet metal was thrown into the facial garbage can. 

 But Erickson wasn't finished yet. Taking up Vanessa's plead, he told her 

 "Keep that fucking yap open, dogbitch!" 

 Then he took the wrapped refreshing tissue the waiter had brought along with the bottles of table water. Ripping open the wrapping, he took out the tissue and stuffed the packing into Vanessa's mouth. 

 A whimpering sound came over her lips when she felt the plastic in her mouth. Still, she kept her mouth wide open. 

 With great pleasure, Erickson started wiping his fingers clean with the refreshing tissue. Making a big show of it, he wiped each finger right in front of Vanessa's face giving her a clue what was about to happen next. 

 More whining, whimpering sounds came from Vanessa's mouth. She knew only too well what he was about to do and she didn't like it at all. She wanted to scream 'no'. She wanted to beg and plead but she knew that it was inevitable. 

 Still, some tears ran out of the corners of her eyes while she was waiting in discomfort. 

 Finally, Erickson was finished. With ostentation, he held the dirty tissue in front of Vanessa's open mouth savouring the teary-eyed look on her face. 

 Then he stuffed it inside. And immediately, he was rewarded with Vanessa wincing and cringing on the ground while gagging sounds filled the room. 

 This was more than nasty and even more humiliating! 

 It took a few moments for the red-haired slut to get herself back under control. Then Erickson ordered 

 "Now, take away the trash." 

 Closing her mouth, Vanessa let her head hang while she turned on her hands and knees and started crawling to the kitchen door while her utensils were still hanging off her pussy and tits. 

 She felt like crying. The guys were pushing her limits. Getting humiliated with some everyday kitchen tools was so bad. 

 But the worst thing was that she had lost the first round to her former best friend Maria. Now she was getting used like an ordinary device not like the hot, naughty slut she was. She felt as stupid and worthless as never before in her entire life. 

 After pushing open the swing door with her face, Vanessa had to crawl through the kitchen. In complete difference to the luxurious main and dining room, the ground of the kitchen was dirty from the long hours of work. Splashes of fat and spilled food stuck on the tiles giving Vanessa the creeps when her hands and knees touched the floor. 

 There were several waiters hurrying in and out of the kitchen. They almost stumbled over the crawling slut. She earned several curses as she was in their way slowing them down. 

 One of the waiters even kicked Vanessa in the butt to make her crawl faster The kick made her whimper again almost causing her to open her mouth and lose the trash. 

 She still had to crawl through the entire kitchen along all the chefs working at their stoves. When she passed them, each turned around in disbelieve and exclaimed his surprise. 

 "Woah! What the fuck?" 

 "What sort of dirty slut is that? 

 "Who's letting such a piece of dirt into the kitchen?" 

 They could barely believe a slut willing to degrade herself like that even existed. It didn't keep them from slapping her ass with their scoops and turners though turning Vanessa's ass cheeks into the same deep red colour like her face that was flushed with shame. 

 Vanessa felt tears welling up in her eyes -- as much from the smacks to her butt as from the chef's outcries and the degrading behaviour she willingly displayed. 

 All she wanted was to get rid of the disgusting stuff in her mouth and out of this kitchen. 

 The taste of the sheet metal and the filthy tissue filled her mouth and numbed all her senses. The taste was so gross that she feared puking any second if she didn't get rid of it. 

 Reaching the two big garbage cans standing at the wall of the kitchen, she knelt up so she could spit the trash into one container. Vanessa felt so humiliated kneeling over a trash bin having to spit into it. 

 But why was her pussy pulsating then? Once again, she cursed her bodily reactions. After all this time, she still couldn't believe how easily her body got turned on by male degradations. This simply didn't go well with her view of herself as 'Lady Ice-Queen'. 

 As fast as she was able to, she dropped the trash, turned around and hurriedly crawled back. 

 On the way back to the dining room, she had to follow their waiter as he was bringing a bottle of wine to their table. At least, the bottle didn't have a crown cork, Vanessa thought to herself. But there was something she had forgotten about. 

 When she finally arrived back at the table, Connor made her stand up. With her hands clasped behind her back, she had to walk over to the waiter holding the wine bottle. 

 And eventually, the realization hit Vanessa. To open the bottle, they would use the corkscrew hanging off her nipple rings! 

 Before she had a chance to process this thought any further, Connor ordered 

 "It should bend over!" 

 With a shove on her back, the waiter carried out the instruction bending Vanessa's upper body forward while her legs remained straight. This way, her heavy juggs hung down her chest and the corkscrew-chain dangled right above the wine bottle. Taking the corkscrew, the waiter placed it on top of the cork and started turning it. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!" 

 Vanessa's eyes opened wide when she felt the firm tug on her nipples. As the corkscrew was directly connected with the chain, each turn spooled up the chain screwing her big fat fucktits together. 

 From the first turn, her nipples already pointed inwards and she could feel the pressure on her firm ripe melons. Another turn and Vanessa let out a loud gasp. 

 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" 

 The pressure increased mercilessly pressing the inner halves of her funbags together. Her fucktits started bulging out to all sides. Still, the waiter continued twisting the corkscrew. 

 "Ooooh...! Uuuuh...! Ooooh...! Uuuuh...!" 

 Vanessa could only pant and whimper constantly. The pressure on her juggs was excruciating but she had to admit that her pussy responded. It was leaking! Getting her tits roughly manhandled had always put her pussy in ecstatic states. 

 Finally, the corkscrew was completely in the cork while Vanessa's tits were totally deformed in all directions. They were pressed so tightly together that her nipple rings touched each other. By now, a mixture of whimpers and groans came over Vanessa's lips. 

 "Ooooh...! Aaaah...! Ooooh...!" 

 Those pants increased several notches into outright screams when the waiter started pulling on the corkscrew to draw the cork from the bottle. 

 Vanessa almost came when the cork eventually popped out. Panting heavily, she collapsed on the table. She had been close to an orgasm -- but only close. 

 Before she had calmed down, Connor told the waiter 

 "It should keep Its udders like that. Push the corkscrew through Its rings." 

 With a sharp pull on the redhead's hair, the waiter pushed the slut back up. Vanessa could see that he had unscrewed the cork. When she was back in an upright position, he grabbed her nipple rings and pushed the corkscrew through both rings. This way, its helix got stuck in both rings tying them together and keeping the chain from uncoiling. 

 It was an incredibly obscene sight. Vanessa's tits were screwed together so tightly that her nipple rings touched each other in the middle of her chest. The weight of the rolled-up chain pressing against her soft tit-flesh was so heavy that it caused her fat funbags to bulge out to all sides like crazy. It was incredibly uncomfortable for the red-haired slut as she felt the firm pressure on her tits all the time. 

 Vanessa didn't know whether she should be sad or happy though as her pussy was still pulsating. 

 With his task finished, the waiter went back to the kitchen and Vanessa was left standing at the table. The men made her turn around and bend down with her legs straight. She had to spread her ass cheeks with her hands showing off her butthole framed by her long red stiletto nails. 

 Then they got into a conversation once again paying no attention to their office-whore while waiting for their meal. 

 With time going by, the bend-over position got more and more uncomfortable for Vanessa. And the pain in her heavy knockers screwed together by the corkscrew grew with every second passing by. 

 Vanessa had to bring up all her will-power to remain in her position. But after losing the first round to Maria and not managing to open the bottle of table water on her own, she didn't dare disobeying. She was dead set on convincing Connor that she was the better slut than her ex-bff. 

 She could barely believe it but she was jealous of Maria although the blonde bitch was used as nothing more than a fluffer to keep Connor's cock hard. 

 The country club's ice queen would have never let herself down to even kneel under a table! Still, this arrogant self was further away from Vanessa's mind than ever before. Right now, her pride as office-whore was on the line! And Maria's position sucking Connor's cock was way better than being used as a cheap kitchen-device... 

 While struggling to keep up her uncomfortable position, time seemed to crawl. From time to time, Vanessa heard slurping noises emanating from underneath the table or harsh instructions from Connor ordering Maria to keep on sucking. 

 The blonde was blowing his cock and slurping on his balls for almost half an hour by now without being allowed to make him cum. That snotty mouth was probably more than tired by now. And from Connor bawling at her, Vanessa concluded that he couldn't be too satisfied with her slut-skills. 

 This realization gave Vanessa new confidence. She still stood a chance to convince Connor that she was the better whore. And back in their days as Go-Go dancers, she had always been the one winning any fight over a guy. 

 After a seemingly endless while, the waiter walked back into the dining room carrying the meals for the four guys. And finally, Maria was instructed to make Connor cum. 

 When all four meals stood on the table, Vanessa was ordered to position herself at the edge of the table right between Miller and Connor while Maria was instructed to stand at the edge between Stanton and Erickson. This way, both office-sluts were facing each other while holding up their dresses at hip level. 

 Vanessa couldn't suppress to flash a challenging, confident look at Maria. The fact that she was the one standing next to Connor could only mean that Maria had been relegated back to the same status as her. 

 While the four men started eating, they told the two sluts that it was their task to entertain them during the meal. Therefore, they were about to play a little game of "Guess What". 

 With confused looks on their faces, both sluts contemplated the meaning of this game. Meanwhile, the waiter walked back in with two baskets. Both were covered with a napkin so neither Vanessa nor Maria could see what was inside. 

 One basket was placed in front of each slut. 

 "The fuck meat shall look each other deeply in the eyes!" Connor exclaimed. "They shall not dare to look down!" 

 "If one of you is stupid enough to look at the basket, she loses immediately!" Stanton explained Connor's order. 

 "With those two bimbo airheads you'll never know!" Erickson quipped making the group laugh before Connor continued to explain the "Guess What Game". 

 Each basket was filled with various items from the restaurant. The guys were about to take turns pushing items up the sluts' pussies. Connor and Miller would use Vanessa as their slut-token while Maria was Stanton's and Erickson's skank-peg. 

 One after another, the two office-fucktoys had to guess what the item was. If one guessed right, she would earn a point and a buzzing vibrator would get pushed up her asshole. If she was wrong, she would earn a slap to the ass or pinch to the tit. 

 The winner of the game would earn the title 'Miss Office-Slut' and serve Connor for the rest of the day. The loser would win the title 'Fluffer-Hoe' and act as nothing but a worthless statist having to do the donkeywork. 

 Vanessa didn't know how to react to this game. On the one hand, this was her chance to prove herself and beat the pimped-up Maria for good. After the blonde wannabe-Barbie had been such a pain in the ass with her diva attitude, Vanessa was more than ready to put the bimbo in her place. On the other hand, the rules were so demeaning that it made her tremble and shake from humiliation. 

 Both girls had to spread their legs as wide as possible. They had to grab each pussy lip with thumb and index finger of their manicured hands and pull them apart opening their cuntholes wide. That was the position they had to keep. 

 This posture was as humiliating as tiring. With their pussies spread wide, their precious, little clits lay open completely vulnerable. 

 Vanessa immediately felt totally exposed and even more helpless. And by a sudden, nervousness was added to the mixture of feelings. She felt like she was back at school with an important test ahead. 

 She could sense Connor grabbing into the basket. All her senses tried making her look down to get a sneak peek at the item. But she forced herself to keep on looking straight into Maria's eyes. 

 She could see her former best friend blinking at her with a challenging look and perked-up eyebrows implicitly trying to outface Vanessa. It completely failed to have an effect though. Vanessa neither blinked nor dropped her gaze. It only fuelled her motivation to beat that blonde bitch. 

 This little wannabe-slut really thinks she can take me on! Vanessa thought to herself. She almost had to burst out laughing. It was more than ridiculous. Her ex-bff had never been able to keep up with the ravishing redhead and she didn't stand a chance now. 

 A second later, she felt something stroking over her sensitive clit. It was cold and slick. Connor pushed the full length of the item over her soft pink pussy flesh. It was long and definitely something natural. 

 Then she felt the head pressing against her cunthole. It was thick! It didn't slip in easily. Instead, Connor increased the pressure stretching her little hole. Vanessa's legs started trembling from the strain making her struggle to hold on to her pussy lips with her red stiletto-nailed fingers. 

 Eventually, her twat gave way causing Vanessa to groan out loud in relief. The object went fully inside stuffing her pussy in an instant. She felt so full. 

 Connor didn't give her a chance to get used to the size though instantly starting to push the object in and out of her cunt. Vanessa's twat reacted just as quickly sending prickling waves up her spine. Her hips automatically started gyrating welcoming the object. 

 There was no denying. Vanessa's body enjoyed the harsh treatment and was more than happy to finally get her fuckhole filled. She couldn't help herself starting to moan. 

 "Hmmm! Ooohhh! Yaaahhh!" 

 Connor's reaction wasn't long in coming as he silenced the slut with a harsh slap on her left tit. 

 "It's not here to enjoy Itself!" he growled. "The fuck puppet shall guess the item." 

 The slap brought Vanessa back to reality. Her arousal had totally allured her from thinking about the object. She had to concentrate on it though! She couldn't allow herself a mistake. 

 Pushing her body up and down the object a few more times, the answer seemed quite easy. Slick, thick and natural. The answer was obvious. 

 "It's a cucumber sir!" she replied holding her breath while waiting for the answer. 

 "Hmmm, it's correct." Connor responded. "Who would have expected that with such a dumb piece of gutter scum?" 

 The remark hit a nerve in Vanessa. Still, she tried to ignore it as best as she could. She had set the pace and it was up to Maria to follow suit. She insisted on flashing a triumphant smile at her former best friend. Now it was up to Vanessa to play mind games. 

 Before it was Maria's turn though, Connor took a vibrator and held it against Vanessa's little asshole. Vanessa could already feel it buzzing on a low level. 

 "It shall get Its price." he ordered. 

 Vanessa immediately obeyed sticking out her butt trying to engulf the vibrator. It wasn't as thick as the cucumber but still pretty big. With her asshole all dry, she had to work her butt with all her might. 

 Connor didn't lend a helping hand in any way though. He simply held the fake cock in place while Vanessa was struggling and toiling away. Finally, her asshole gave way letting the vibrator slip in. Instantly, she felt the low buzzing on her anal ring adding to her arousal. 

 Now, it was time for Maria's turn. Stanton took an object out of the basket and stroked it lightly over her pussy before pressing the head inside her cunthole. 

 She could see Blondie's eyes widening when the big object stretched her pussy. Just as the cucumber, it didn't slip in easily. It was so big that it lifted Maria up onto her tiptoes. Her long pink-nailed fingers almost let her cunt flaps go. Small whimpers escaped her mouth. 

 "It's so big!" she exclaimed. "It got nodes, lots of nodes." 

 She took another moment to think about the object. Vanessa tried her best shooting daggers at the bimbo bitch to irritate her before Maria eventually said 

 "It must be a corn cob, sir." 

 "Correct!" Stanton replied. 

 Then he followed Connor's lead holding a buzzing vibrator between Maria's ass cheeks. Vanessa saw her pushing her ass back while a grimace appeared on her face. It was clearly apparent that she had difficulties. Obviously, she wasn't such a well broken-in fuckpony as Vanessa. 

 Maria had to unclasp her pussy lips reaching back to spread her ass cheeks wide. Of course, this earned a slap to each tit making the huge round balloons jiggle on her chest. 

 Maria winced from the pain but continued pushing her ass against the vibrator with all her might. Spreading her butt cheeks wide helped opening the tight, little sphincter a bit. 

 Vanessa could see sweat forming on the blonde's forehead from the effort. With several forceful jerks her asshole finally surrendered. Getting her anal ring widened caused a mixture of relief and discomfort to appear on her face. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 16 ****** byCathartico© "Guess that fuckpony needs some more anal training." Connor commented dryly. 

 "You're welcome to lend a helping dick!" Erickson chipped making all guys chuckle. 

 "It's 1 -- 1." Stanton summed up the first round of the game when the laughter had slowly died down. "Looks like the battle of the sluts will be interesting." 

 "Guess we have to raise the difficulty. That one was too easy." Miller remarked while grabbing a new item out of the basket. 

 Vanessa braced herself for the next challenge taking a deep breath. A second later, she felt the object on her pussy. This time, Miller didn't bother stroking it over her tender cunt lips. Instead, he went right to the point shoving it inside her fuckhole at once. It was a lot thinner. And it was plastic. 

 Vanessa immediately realized that it was a handle. 

 "It's a handle, sir!" she exclaimed already gloating over her slut-skills. 

 "Tzz, that's not enough." Miller huffed. 

 "You don't pass that easily. What exactly is it?" he demanded to know taking Vanessa by surprise. 

 "I.. I...," she stuttered. 

 She almost wanted to say 'I don't know' but she bit her tongue at the last second. 

 Holding her pussy open, she bowed her knees and pushed down to shove more of the thin object into her twat. It was long. 

 Finally, she reached the end of the handle. Something stuck out of the handle and tickled her clit. It felt like bristles! 

 Vanessa was shaking in disgust when she realized what it was. She almost hoped to be wrong when she said. 

 "It's a dishwashing brush, sir." 

 "Correct again." Miller responded. 

 "That must feel great on the slut's cunt." he added with a chuckle giving Vanessa goose bumps. 

 A dishwashing brush touching her tender, sensitive pussy. It was so repulsive and disgusting. She didn't even know if it was a used one. And she better not wanted to know what kind of dishes it had washed. 

 "Oooohhh! Yaaahhh!" 

 Her train of thoughts was quickly interrupted when she felt the buzzing of the vibrator increase. Miller had switched the vibrator on a higher level causing Vanessa to moan out loud. The excitement in her body was building up. 

 Still, she tried to concentrate on her gazing duel with Maria while Erickson grabbed a new item and teased the blonde's pussy with it. 

 "It's metallic." she commented. 

 "And it's rouuuuund." she continued her observation when Erickson started pushing the object into her cunthole. 

 Once again, it was too big to go in easily making Maria yelp. With a plop it eventually went inside. 

 "Oooh!" Maria sighed. "It's something strange." 

 "It's a ball" she said as her final answer. 

 "That's not correct." Erickson exclaimed. "It's not a ball, you blonde ditz. It's a tea-egg. You failed." 

 His last words were drowned out by the loud smacking sounds of the two slaps he laid onto her ass. 

 "Ouuuhhh! Ouuuhhh!" Maria sobbed in response. „I'm sorry sir. I'll try better." 

 

 She looked as if she was about to let her pussy lips go once again to rub her stinging buttocks. But she didn't want to grant this victory to Vanessa. So she thought twice about it keeping her posture. 

 Vanessa's look was triumphant enough anyways. The hot redhead could already sense the victory. 

 A huge smile played around her lips while Connor grabbed a new item and pushed it against her pussy. Vanessa could instantly feel that it was metallic. It was thicker than the handle of the dishwashing brush but not as thick as the cucumber. 

 With her pussy slowly starting to leak from the constant vibrations in her asshole, it slipped in easily. 

 But then Connor let it go and out of the blue, the object spread. He must have squeezed it together while pushing it up Vanessa's cunt. Now, it was opening spreading her fuckhole wide. 

 Vanessa had to squeeze her pussy with all her power to hold the object inside. She knew too well that she would receive some vicious slaps to her tits if she let it slip to the floor. All the while, her mind went into overdrive thinking about what the item might be. 

 In her head, she went through all the kitchen devices she knew of. She went through everything that could be useful in a restaurant. With every second passing by, she got more and more nervous. 

 She had to guess right, she couldn't fail! Panic welled up inside but still she had no clue what it was. 

 "The piece of fuck meat shall give the answer now!" Connor commanded with a stern voice getting impatient. 

 "It's... it's..." Vanessa stuttered. 

 "Sorry sir, I don't know what it is." she finally had to admit with a small voice. 

 "They" -- SLAP -- "are" - SLAP - "spaghetti" -- SLAP "tongs" -- SLAP 

 Connor explained emphasising each syllable with a stinging slap to Vanessa's ass. She tried her best not to cry out but still the pain must have shown on her face as it was Maria's turn to grin in triumph. 

 This was the blonde's chance to equalize the score. And she was fully concentrated when Stanton teased her pussy with the new object. 

 "It's wooden and thin." she commented. 

 "Ouch! One side is thin, the other is bigger and round." she corrected herself when Stanton pushed both ends against her twat one after the other. 

 "It's a wooden cooking spoon, sir." she guessed. 

 "Correct." Stanton replied. 

 "So it's 2 -- 2 now." he counted the score. "And the last round is coming up. This will be the decision." 

 "Who will be 'Miss Office-Slut' and who will be the 'Fluffer-Hoe'." Erickson mocked the two girls imitating a sports caster. 

 "This is an even neck-and-neck race." Stanton exclaimed. 

 "Let's up the ante a little further to increase the suspense." he suggested. "The winner will work as the office-whore and the loser will work as the 'Red Rose Whore'." 

 "Sounds like a great incentive, doesn't it?" Stanton asked the other guys. 

 All men agreed and before the two sluts knew it their duties were on the line - - either office-slut or 'Red Rose Whore'. 

 Vanessa felt a shiver running down her spine. She could feel the tension making her legs tremble. This was her chance -- her final chance. She could regain her rightful role as the office-slut. If she lost, she would be nothing but the cheap, low 'Red Rose Whore' forever. 

 Looking over to Maria, Vanessa could see that the same thoughts were shooting through her former best friend's head. The redhead could see that Maria was just as dead set on winning as herself. 

 This only increased her feeling of rivalry. The fact that this was her ex-bff didn't matter anymore. All that was important was regaining her position as the office-slut. 

 "And as Maria tied the match, she goes first." Connor decided. 

 Once again, Vanessa worked as hard as she could to stare down the bitchy Barbie doll standing opposite to her. Maria needed to fail. 

 It only took seconds though until Vanessa's ex-bff exclaimed. 

 "It's a whisk!" 

 "Correct!" Erickson replied raising an eyebrow in surprise. "That one was quick." 

 "And the wire balloon wasn't even shoved up her cunt!" he continued somehow sounding disappointed. 

 "But hey!" he exclaimed with an idea. "As special price you get the balloon pushed up that juicy fuckhole anyways!" 

 Maria didn't look too happy about her special price but she didn't move dutifully holding her pussy open like a good fucktoy. 

 "Hehehe! What a perverted sight!" Stanton shouted out when the wire balloon eventually stuck tightly up her cunt spreading it obscenely wide. 

 Vanessa didn't even look though. Instead, she tried to gather all her attention. But with the constant buzzing of the vibrator, her body was on the edge making it hard for her to keep concentrated. 

 Maria had scored and now it was all up to her to tie the match. A wrong guess would mean defeat. It would not only be a loss to the bitchy pimped-up Maria but also the definite loss of her position as office-slut. 

 This plastic bimbo doll tried to take over her position in the office! Her former best friend had become an arrogant, snobby diva and needed to be put into place. By now, Vanessa didn't begrudge her the shirt on her back and least of all this victory. 

 It was Miller's turn to choose an item for the redhead. And knowing the lawyer, she was certain that it wouldn't be an easy guess. 

 The object was plastic once again. The head was pointed getting thicker to the bottom. But the confusing thing about it was the edges. The item was formed in a strange way with four edges sticking out. 

 Vanessa roughly knew what it was. She had it on the tip of her tongue. But she couldn't quiet give it a name. 

 She broke out in a cold sweat. She knew that she didn't have much time left. She had to come up with the correct name. She was so close to knowing it. 

 "Make your guess, fuckslut!" Miller startled her. 

 Vanessa felt the panic hitting her full frontal. She almost had the name. She only needed a few more seconds. 

 "Make -- Your -- Guess, fucking moron pig!" Miller repeated his request getting angry with the slut not giving her another second. 

 "I -- I don't know, sir." Vanessa finally had to admit letting her head hang in shame. 

 Tears welled up in her eyes and she barely heard Miller telling her 

 "You failed, whore. It's a lemon squeezer." 

 Vanessa's world stood still. It was over. She had lost. She wasn't the office- slut anymore. Vanessa couldn't believe that she had lost. Even worse, she had lost to her former best friend who had turned into a bitchy, arrogant bimbo diva. This couldn't be true. 

 She felt so utterly embarrassed. She felt so abysmally degraded. She felt so deeply ashamed of herself. 

 "Did anyone doubt my victory?" Maria exclaimed with a mocking tone adding insult to injury. 

 "Breaking in that tight ass is more fun anyways." Connor commented dryly. 

 Meanwhile he grabbed the whisk that was still sticking up the blonde's pussy. 

 "Arrrgggh!" Maria winced in response when he turned the whisk around. 

 "That's a great sceptre the office-slut got handed over!" he scoffed. 

 "Ouuhhh! Arrrgggh! Ouuhhh!" Maria responded with more sharp groans. 

 For a few more minutes, Connor kept on playing around with the newly crowned 'Miss Office-Slut'. Back and forth, he turned the slut-sceptre that obscenely spread his plaything's pussy open. 

 He even shoved the whisk further up her cunt pushing Maria onto her tiptoes. He walked her around the table on the slut-sceptre with the big-titted Maria almost toppling over from having to walk on her tiptoes. 

 Vanessa noticed neither the comments nor Maria's groaning. She was in a state of shock. The world around her seemed blurry and in slow motion. 

 She couldn't believe it. Her mind couldn't grasp the fact that she had lost to her ex best friend. 

 Even less, her mind couldn't accept the fact that she had been relegated in her rank once and for all. She had lost her status. She wasn't the office-slut anymore. She had just been relegated to a common whore. There was only the role of the 'Red Rose Whore' left for her. 

 This also implied that her role as the ice-queen of the country club was jeopardized. Miller wouldn't take her to the club as his secretary anymore! 

 Sweat broke out of all her pores when this realization hit Vanessa. This couldn't be happening! This wasn't allowed to happen! She had to find a way out of this mess. 

 In Vanessa' shocked state, she barely noticed when Connor finished playing with his fuck puppet and Miller stepped in front of her. He used a bright red lipstick to write the words 'Fluffer-Hoe' all over her forehead while Stanton wrote 'Miss Office-slut' over the blonde's forehead. 

 Miller wasn't finished slutting-up the Fluffer-Hoe though. Instead, he took the corkscrew and pulled it out of her nipple rings finally releasing her constricted fucktits. 

 "Oooohhh!" Vanessa groaned out in relief when her juggs swayed back into their original position. 

 The heavy chain had left deep red stripes where it had pressed into Vanessa's soft titflesh. 

 "Ouuuhhhh!" the redhead shouted out the next second. 

 Miller hadn't left the corkscrew-chain alone. Instead, he pulled the chain up high dragging her knockers up by the nipple rings. Then he pulled the chain behind her neck. 

 This way, the chain acted like a halter pushing Vanessa's full round funbags up so high they almost rested underneath her chin! Even worse, the chain was so short that she had to hunch to keep it from ripping off her nipple rings! 

 The sight of her juggs squeezed to the bursting point and pushed up to the chin looked as ridiculous as obscene. And the hunched position didn't help at all. 

 Finished with their work, each guy grabbed the sluts' leashes and led them out of the dining room. Once again, the two office-fucktoys were paraded through the main room. 

 By now, the restaurant was empty except for the group of young guys. Still, the public disgrace was even worse this time. 

 Both sluts had to hold the hems of their dresses up at hip level to present their wet pussies and stuffed assholes. Meanwhile, their big fat funbags were exposed as well. 

 Vanessa's heavy knockers were framed by the white diamond-formed cut-out while Maria's fake round bolt-ons spilled out of the blouse. 

 The whisk spreading the blonde bimbo's pussy wide open caused a lot of approving cheers. At the same time, the halter-chain pushing the red-haired slut's tits up to the chin and making her walk hunched received just as much applause. 

 That applause didn't register in Vanessa's mind though as she was still too shell-shocked to notice. 

 Finally, they had made their round through the u-formed restaurant and arrived at the other end. This part of the restaurant was arranged as a lounge that was enclosed by different plants. Several armchairs and coffee tables were placed in the middle of the lounge. 

 Upon their arrival, the four men sat down on an armchair each while the two sluts were left standing right in the middle. 

 "C'mon meat puppets! Connor ordered. "Time to give us a show!" 

 The smoking hot model with the red mane and the well-toned, huge titted bombshell looked at each other indecisively. Vanessa could still see the triumphant glow in Maria's eyes. Her entire body resisted Connor's instruction. 

 Vanessa had never been into women or tried sex with a girl and she wasn't keen on starting now. Although they had been Go-Go dancers in the same club, Vanessa and Maria had never intimately touched each other when they had still been best friends. 

 After the devastating loss the red-haired slut had suffered at Maria's hands, caressing or even touching her ex-bff was the last thing she wanted to do right now. 

 Once again, anger flamed up in her eyes and once again, the 'Red Rose Whore' and the pimped-up 'Miss Office-Slut' were shooting daggers at each other - much to the amusement of the four men. 

 Vanessa didn't want to disappoint the lawyers any further though. She had lost too much up till now. She couldn't risk any further setback. And she still hadn't given up her country club life. 

 Gulping down her aversion and disdain, Vanessa finally stepped forward. Now, the two sluts were standing face to face. 

 Reaching up with her left hand, the redhead ran her long red stiletto-nailed fingers down the bimbo's long, slick-straight, platinum blonde hair. With her right hand, she started caressing Maria's cheek. At the same time, she felt her former best friend becoming active running her long, pink nailed fingers over her shoulders and along her arms. 

 Vanessa began untying the knot of the blonde's white blouse letting it fall to the floor. With one sharp tug, she ripped the pink top in two pieces finally freeing Maria's big bolt-ons. For a few moments, she massaged her round, full tits before reaching down and pushing the blonde's pink skirt to the floor. At the same time, Maria pushed the redhead's white dress over her shoulders and let it slip onto the ground. 

 Finally, the two sluts were standing in the middle of the lounge bare naked except for their white stockings and heels. Slowly, Maria's hands reached behind the redhead's back exerting a little pressure. This way, their bodies got pressed against each other. 

 It was a delicious sight - the two hot bombshells in close contact. Vanessa's full ripe melons were tightly pressed against Maria's huge round balloon-tits. Their titflesh welled out to all sides while they kneaded each other's ass cheeks with their fine manicured hands. 

 The two sexy sluts started rubbing their stiff nipples against each other in rhythm alternately bending their knees while looking each other in the eye. With each touch, Vanessa felt her arousal rising. In Maria's eyes, she could see the blonde feeling the same. 

 Overcome by her arousal, Vanessa suddenly pushed her head forward and kissed Maria right onto the lips. The kiss felt so strange. This woman had been so close to her once. But that was long gone. Today, she had kicked Vanessa to the curb and mocked her with her arrogant diva attitude. She had turned from her best friend to her worst enemy. 

 But right then and there, any aversion was overshadowed by Vanessa's increasing excitement. So it only took a second for the two sluts to start French kissing letting their tongues fight a duel. 

 The two started moaning uninhibitedly. They even began humping the other's upper leg to get some friction to their overflowing pussies. By now, Vanessa's cunt was leaking and she could feel an orgasm building up. 

 Right at that moment, Connor intervened. 

 He broke their embrace, grabbed Maria's leash and threw her over an ottoman. He placed the moaning blonde slut in a triangle form with her tiny waist resting on the ottoman, her legs stretched out wide on one side, her head hanging down on the other side while resting on her arms. 

 This way, her pussy and ass were thrust high up in the air leaving her fuckholes open and easily accessible for everyone while her oversized bolt-ons hung off her chest in an obscene display. Overall, it was an extremely inviting sight of the blonde bimbo making the guy's instantly drool. 

 As soon as Maria was in place, Connor grabbed Vanessa's leash, dragged her onto her knees and positioned her behind Maria so she was facing her pussy and ass. 

 "C'mon, Fluffer-Hoe! Get that asshole ready to get ravaged!" Connor bellowed at the redhead. 

 Vanessa was still lost in reverie. But by now, her pussy was prickling too much. The pleasure slowly took her mind off the devastating defeat. 

 The constant buzzing of the vibrator up her asshole only increased her lust. The only feeling occupying her body right then and there was her arousal. She didn't even care if the fuckholes in front of her belonged to her ex-bff. 

 Automatically, Vanessa started gyrating her butt pressing her legs together while kneeling in front of Maria's ass. 

 A harsh slap to her ass tore her out of her ecstatic blur. 

 "Get to work, lazy bitch!" Connor reminded her of her task. 

 Vanessa realized that her role as Fluffer-Hoe didn't include her own pleasure. She could only hope to get back on the guys' good side if she ever wanted to get her own release. The better she behaved and obeyed, the sooner they would allow her to cum. 

 So she did as ordered. Looking at Maria's openly displayed holes, she could see the vibrator sticking out of her asshole. Her pussy lips were swollen and glistened wetly. Obviously, the bimbo bitch was just as horny and aroused as herself. 

 Vanessa planted a red stiletto-nailed hand on each side of the blonde's ass cheeks and spread them far apart. Then she stuck out her tongue and gave a quick lick over Maria's cunt. 

 "Ooooohhhhh!" the blonde bitch immediately groaned out in pleasure while Vanessa tasted her pussy juice on her tongue. 

 This loud grunt tore Vanessa out of her own ecstatic reverie. She didn't want to give any pleasure to that dumb bitch. Her defeat had turned Maria into her worst enemy. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 16 ****** byCathartico© It was her task to prepare Blondie for her anal abuse and not to give her pleasure. This meant getting the bitch's asshole wet and ready -- not licking her cunt. Vanessa truly hated licking men's asses to the bone. Although Maria's ass crack was kind of smooth and hairless, she wasn't particularly looking forward to the task of licking it. 

 Bracing herself for the bad taste, Vanessa finally tackled that ass. Again, she stuck out her tongue and let it twirl around the vibrator. Then she grabbed the vibrator with her teeth and slowly pushed it out of Maria's asshole. 

 When the fake cock popped out of the blonde's backdoor, Vanessa spread her ass cheeks even wider to produce a nice round gape presenting it to the four guys. Although the vibrator had firmly been lodged up Maria's ass chute for quite some time, her anal ring was still tight closing back up immediately. 

 "Guess we need to work on that gape!" Stanton exclaimed earning a chuckle from the rest of the men. 

 Taking up Stanton's cue, Vanessa got back to work. Holding the vibrator firmly between her teeth, she pushed it between Maria's buttocks and straight up her ass. The blonde let out a loud gasp when the fake cock stretched her butthole again. 

 Picking up speed, Vanessa started pushing her head back and forth fucking Maria's poor little asshole mercilessly with the vibrator. Maria's breath got choppy and she started whimpering. With her tiny waist and tight, slender frame, she was definitely not built for anal sex. 

 Vanessa didn't care about the blonde's whimpers though. Instead, it spurred her on even more getting back some revenge from the defeat. After a few minutes, she once again pushed the vibrator completely out of Maria's asshole and spread her buttocks wide. 

 The round open hole had increased considerably and the raw, red inner flesh was visible on the edges of the blonde's ass pipe. 

 "Well done, Fluffer Hoe!" Connor commented Vanessa's handy work. "Now, it's time to get a good taste of that ass!" 

 These were the words Vanessa had dreaded. She knew that there was no way out. Still, she tried to play for some time by kneading Maria's ass cheeks. She desperately tried making a show of pulling the blonde's buttocks open and close showing off her gape. 

 Vanessa knew that she had to start licking the bimbo bitch's ass crack. Still, she needed some time to overcome her disgust. Her fear of angering Connor was too big though. So she eventually obeyed and dove between Maria's buttocks. 

 The stench was bad -- but definitely not as rank as the sweaty, hairy men's asses she had been forced to eat before. Still, the taste was bitter and overall unpleasant. 

 Vanessa went to work anyways spitting on Maria's ass crack and lapping through the whole length of the crack getting it nice and wet. Then she twirled her tongue around the blonde's wrinkled butthole until it was glistening with her saliva. 

 Connor didn't seem satisfied with the redhead's work though. He stepped next to her and grabbed her head. 

 "Ouuuhhhh!" Vanessa could only shriek when he pushed her face deep into Maria's ass with a jerk. 

 From Vanessa's vibrator-fucking, the blonde's anal ring was still slightly open so he forced the tip of Vanessa's tongue straight into the bimbo's asshole. Connor started ramming the redhead's face back and forth giving Maria's asshole a prime tongue-fucking. 

 "That's what I call eating ass, fuckwhore!" he commented. 

 Drilling the blonde's asshole with the redhead's tongue, Connor gave Vanessa the full bitter, rank aroma of Maria's ass chute while the movement and rapid speed started making her dizzy. 

 Finally, the last remains of Vanessa's shocked state were completely gone. There was only the disgust of licking ass, the dizziness of getting shoved around and the growing arousal of her pulsating holes. 

 That excitement was even fuelled by the merciless manhandling. Her pussy was dripping wet and her entire body was prickling with pleasure. Vanessa even started growing into Maria's ass while the blonde bitch whimpered in rhythm. 

 Finally, Connor was satisfied with the preparation of Miss Office-Slut's asshole. He shoved Vanessa to the side as if he was throwing away a cloth and stepped behind his blonde piece of entertainment while pulling his dick out of his trousers. 

 Vanessa saw his cock for the first time and it was impressive. It was the largest cock of a white guy she had ever seen. And considering her last week of whoring in the 'Red Rose Club' she had seen quite a number of dicks. 

 His head was as big as her wrist and more than 10" long. Looking at Maria, Vanessa could clearly see the blonde closing her eyes in an attempt to brace herself for the oncoming anal intrusion. 

 Holding his cock in his hand, Connor stood behind Maria's helpless figure. In comparison to his tall body, she looked even smaller than before. Kneeling next to the blonde's ass, Vanessa grabbed her buttocks again to present the well- prepared asshole to the politician. 

 From Vanessa's treatment, Maria's tight anal ring stood slightly open while her tiny ass was glowing in a red colour that was just as bright as Vanessa's stiletto nails. 

 To help Connor with his invasion of the bimbo ass, Vanessa increased her pressure on Maria's buttocks brutally stretching the blonde's ass cheeks even wider. This way, Maria's ass crack was barely recognizable as such anymore while her swollen cunt lips protruded from her puffy pussy right underneath. 

 Maria acknowledged this brutal treatment with an indignant grunt. 

 Eventually, Connor bent his knees and positioned the fat head of his cock on Maria's small, pink sphincter. In response, the blonde threw her head back and whimpered in anticipation of the upcoming dreadful pain. She sensed that her previous experiences with anal sex would feel like a walk in the park compared to what was coming up to her. 

 "Aaaaahhhhh!... Oh!... Oh!... Oh!.." 

 The moment, Connor pushed his dick through Maria's struggling anal ring, her eyes snapped wide open and a loud scream came over her lips. 

 Slowly but ever so steady, Connor's impressive tool bored into the red-gleaming ass of his little, sweating victim -- as if it got moved by hydraulics. Maria commented this counterbore with constant whimpering. 

 When the head of Connor's cock had barely invaded the tight, little asshole half way, Maria's ass cheeks already looked like they were getting wrenched apart in a grotesque way. The soft flesh looked like it was getting blasted to the sides when the politician hammered his dick into her bowels with quick, abrupt thrusts like boring a fencepost into the soil. 

 The ordeal took a quarter-hour until the blonde's maltreated sphincter snapped back behind Connor's cockhead causing Maria to sigh out loud. It was a sigh of relief as finally the constant, unbearable pressure had ceased a little bit. The politician reacted by grabbing the blonde's hips and pulling her entire body -- along with the ottoman - up to him. Thereby, he sheathed her bowels over his huge shaft like a condom. Maria responded with hysterical yelling and clamoring. 

 "Ooouuuhhh! Aaahhh!" 

 Connor remained in this position for some time enjoying the warm, wet tightness of Maria's ass chute while the blonde felt like she had gotten pierced by a glowing iron rod. 

 Then he began to test out the depth of the bimbo's pelvis with small thrusts. Several minutes passed before he pulled his huge shaft out of the quivering asshole until only the tip was left inside. 

 "Now, you're properly broken in as an anal fuckpony!" Connor commented receiving a timid nod of confirmation from Maria. 

 While saying the words 'anal fuckpony', the politician lunged forward. With one jerk, he plunged his enormous spear deep into the freshly torn-open asshole until his balls slapped against the blonde's clit. Maria only responded with a dull sound while biting into the back of her hand. 

 With relish, Connor started reaming Maria's struggling, quivering asshole thrusting the whole length of his impressive cock back and forth in long, slow motions. 

 The blonde bitch tried wriggling her butt away from the invader but to no avail. Connor easily held her small frame in place while picking up speed. He started riding her ass like a wild bull. His thrusts were so forceful that the ottoman with Maria on top was pushed around on the floor and her huge oversized bolt-ons were bouncing back and forth like crazy. 

 "Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh!" 

 Maria's choppy screams filled the room while Connor mercilessly drilled her asshole. Her entire body writhed and struggled around. Slowly the screams turned into grunts and Maria started groaning in rhythm to Connor's motions. 

 All the time, Vanessa kept kneeling next to the blonde bitch spreading her ass cheeks open with her red-nailed hands. Maria was struggling so much that the red-haired whore had problems holding the blonde's butt steady. 

 It was an obscene sight --a blonde Barbie doll bent over an ottoman while getting her ass reamed by a huge cock and her ass cheeks spread wide by the long, red stiletto nails of a smoking hot redhead that knelt next to her butt. 

 Maria's asshole was so tight that it firmly clutched his cock barely giving release to the hard tool. This wasn't enough for Connor though. Instead, he began pushing his immense spear completely out of her ass pipe. 

 The next second, he stuffed his dick into Vanessa's mouth making her lick off Maria's ass juice. 

 "Urrrggghhh!" Vanessa shrieked out when the dirty cock got stuffed into her mouth out of the blue. 

 She was as surprised as disgusted from having to lick Maria's ass juices off Connor's dick. Once again, she was used as nothing more than a simple device for Connor -- her whoreyap was utilized as a cock cleaner. 

 While Connor pushed his straining cock down Vanessa's gullet making her gag around it, he looked at Maria's spread open ass. A round, hollow hole greeted him. He had ripped the tight rectum wide-open letting him stare into a big gape. The wrinkled sphincter had gotten stretched so far that the anal ring was firmly tautened and the deep, dark tunnel was framed by a glowing red ass pipe. 

 Because of Maria's tiny figure and tightness, her torn open asshole quickly started closing back up. In amusement, Connor watched the red rosette shrinking and constricting. Still, the shithole didn't close completely and the anal ring remained open a little bit. 

 Connor waited till he was satisfied with Vanessa's work of cleaning all anal juices from his dick. Then he drilled his cock back through Maria's tightened backdoor widening the fuckhole back up and making her feel like her ass was getting split in the middle. 

 This went on for a seemingly endless time. Over and over, he alternated between plowing Maria's tight ass and giving ass-to-mouth to Vanessa. His stamina was impressive -- especially considering his age. 

 By now, the disgusting, bitter taste of Maria's ass filled all of Vanessa's senses. But the entire situation was so nasty that it turned Vanessa on even more. 

 She felt like she was about to go mad. A huge orgasm had built up inside her body. Every sense was close to exploding. She just couldn't get relief. A little tic was missing. 

 Vanessa's excitement made her dizzy. She needed to cum, she needed the relief. Her fuckholes needed to be filled with some real cocks. That would be the straw to break the camel's back and finally make her cum. 

 She wanted to beg Connor to fuck her instead of Maria. She wanted to plead him to wreck her asshole just as hard. But she didn't dare. She was nothing but the Fluffer-Hoe for the day. 

 Unconsciously though, her right hand slid off of Maria's buttock and dove into her leaking cunt while she greedily watched the lewd scene of Maria getting her asshole ripped apart. 

 It felt so good. She could see stars exploding in front of her eyes. She was so close to cumming. 

 A sharp pain in her fucktits brought Vanessa back to reality and stifled her upcoming orgasm. Connor had noticed her hand leaving its position and pulled on the screwed-up tit-chain. 

 "What a greedy fuckpig!" he exclaimed. "Is it turning the skanky whorebag on to be used as a cheap ass wipe while another slut gets fucked?" 

 "No wonder!" he continued his defamation. "That's the only thing It is good for. This washed-out fuck meat isn't worth getting fucked anyways." 

 Vanessa groaned out from this degradation and almost came from those words while tears of shame shot into her eyes. But her protest was stifled by the laughter of the lawyers and another pull on the tit-chain by Connor. 

 The sound of moaning and grunting filled the lounge for the next ten minutes while Connor continued his brutal anal attack and ass-to-mouth on the two sluts. 

 "Argh! Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhh! Oooooooohhh! 

 Out of the blue, Maria's choppy grunting changed into one long moan. Suddenly, she started shaking uncontrollably. The endless ass reaming had made her cum. The orgasm was so forceful that she almost slipped off the ottoman while she couldn't stop screaming out her pleasure. 

 Once again, Vanessa was close to tears. The pent-up excitement was still driving her mad. She was ready to go ballistic any second as she still hadn't cum. And now, that blonde bimbo bitch had been fucked into an earth-shattering orgasm getting her release before Vanessa. 

 Maria's orgasm made her asshole clench Connor's shaft even tighter than before and this did the trick for him. It only took the politician a few more shoves to finally blow his load. He drained his entire balls deep down into Maria's bowels and kept his dick up her ass until it was flaccid. 

 "Oooh, is the little whore sad that she hasn't cum yet?" he mocked Vanessa in the meantime. 

 His words made the redhead groan out in despair. She was as horny as never before in her life. She desperately needed to cum. 

 "Well, ass wipes don't deserve to cum anyways." he continued his taunting while pulling on the screwed-up nipple-chain once again. 

 "Arrrggghhh!" Vanessa groaned out followed by an "Ooohhh!" 

 The sharp pain in her nipples had almost caused her to cum. She couldn't believe that she was so far gone that she would even cum from the pain alone. 

 "Instead, they get to eat cum fresh from the ass!" Connor continued his insult while pushing his cock out of Maria's backdoor. 

 He then took Vanessa's leash and made her lie down on the ground with her back. She had to spread her legs as wide as possible to present her wet cunt. All the men could see her pussy juices running out of her twat and dripping down her ass crack. 

 Next, Maria was told to squat over the redhead's face. The bimbo bitch had to pull her ass cheeks apart with her long, pink fingernailed hands. 

 Vanessa got a great view of the blonde's deformed asshole. Her well-fucked rectum was beaming at her all bruised, puffy and open while hovering right above her mouth. 

 With a loud fart, the blonde started pushing Connor's cum out of her ass. This caused Vanessa to whimper out loud. 

 It was so embarrassing. She felt humiliated more than ever before. She couldn't believe that her former best friend was dumping a cumload into her mouth. 

 Slowly -- very slowly, Vanessa could see the white cum creeping out of Maria's backdoor. Like a long, thin strand, the sperm hung down from her sphincter inching closer and closer to Vanessa's open mouth. 

 "Yeah, whore!" Maria commented finding her voice back. "Eat the dirt from my ass. That's what an old used-up whorebag like you is good for." 

 Before the sting of getting mocked by her ex-bff registered in Vanessa's mind, the redhead's mouth opened even further and a loud moan came out. 

 Connor had put his foot onto her spread cunt. He was pressing his shoe onto her leaking pussy rubbing the sole up and down her cunt flaps. The foot on Vanessa's pussy caused slurping noises to erupt from her fuckhole. 

 "Can you hear the bitch smacking her pussy lips?" Connor asked the three lawyers. 

 Of course, he proceeded to push his leather shoe against Vanessa's pussy over and over causing the slurping, smacking noises to fill the entire room. A roar of laughter from the men was the result. Vanessa simply wished the ground would open and swallow her up. It was beyond embarrassing. 

 But she couldn't control herself anymore. The utter debasement and the pressure on her pussy lips were too much. Finally, the wall blocking her release was crumbling. She could feel the waves of pleasure welling-up. 

 With loud screams, the orgasm hit her at the exact moment when the sperm-strand tore off and dropped into her mouth. All during her orgasm, Maria farted Connor's entire cumload into her mouth. 

 Between their laughter, the guys even encouraged Maria. 

 "Yeah, slut! Use that cum dumpster! Shit that ass cream pie into that whoreyap!" 

 They simply couldn't stop laughing about this desperate red-haired skank that would cum on a dirty shoe while getting cum farted into her mouth. 

 When Vanessa eventually came back to earth, she was totally out of breath. Connor didn't give her much time to recover though. Instead, he pulled her up onto hands and knees with a pull on the leash. He sat down on an armchair positioning the redhead right in front of him. 

 Vanessa was still wondering why Connor would place her on hands and knees across him when she felt another sting to the heart. 

 Connor had pushed up his legs and placed them onto Vanessa's back. He was misusing her as his footrest! 

 Once again, getting used as nothing more than an object was incredibly humiliating. But at the same time, this degradation caused a new jolt in her cunt. With the vibrator still buzzing away in her asshole, a new wave of excitement was building up. 

 While Connor got comfortable with his feet up on his human footrest, Stanton stepped in front of Vanessa and used her as the Fluffer-Hoe. She had to lick his balls and suck his dick until he was hard and ready to continue Maria's ravishing. 

 From her position on all fours, Vanessa had to watch how Maria was thrown over the ottoman once again and finally got her pussy plowed. 

 For the next half hour, Vanessa was getting used as Connor's footrest and Fluffer-Hoe by Stanton and Miller while both lawyers took turns fucking Miss Office-Slut's dripping cunt. 

 During this time, Maria had two more orgasms until she was so exhausted that she was barely able to groan anymore simply letting them use her in any way they wanted. 

 The two lawyers didn't shoot their loads up the blonde's pussy though. Instead, they pushed their cocks out of Maria's cunt, walked over to the kneeling redhead and used the Fluffer-Hoe to clean Maria's pussy juice off of their dicks. When they felt their balls erupting, they pushed their cocks out of Vanessa's mouth and shot their load right over her slutty face. 

 Vanessa wasn't allowed to move a bit so the drying seed was covering her face running down her forehead and cheeks in long strands. After the two loads, her face was completely covered like a gooey white mask. 

 All that time, Vanessa's arousal was growing and growing. The humiliation of getting used as an object and cum dumpster was turning her on immensely. She wished nothing more than being in Maria's place getting her holes properly fucked. 

 This realization even surprised her. She had just lost her status as office- slut and probably her entrance to the country club as well. But this didn't matter right there and then. She couldn't help it. Her slut-self had taken over completely and this inner-self yearned nothing more than getting fucked. 

 Erickson and Connor didn't help her getting any relief either. Instead, the two started passing the time playing around with the human footrest. 

 While Miller was fucking Maria's pussy, Erickson stepped behind the kneeling redhead and began to play with the vibrator. He pushed it out of Vanessa's asshole flicking it against her sensitive clit for a split second before shoving it back into her shitter. Then he turned the vibrations onto the highest level. Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 16 ****** byCathartico© "Ooohhh! Aaahhh!" Vanessa immediately started groaning and moaning uninhibitedly. 

 The rapid buzzing instantly electrified all her nerves sending waves of ecstasy up and down her spine. 

 Erickson and Connor enjoyed watching the human footrest starting to buck like a wild mare while her heavy, screwed-up juggs deliciously jiggled around. Once again, an earth-shattering orgasm was building up inside of her. 

 Vanessa got closer and closer, shaking her ass faster and faster like a bitch in heat trying to entice a dog to mount her. Just when her eyes rolled back into her head welcoming the surge of pleasure, Connor took one foot off his footrest and kicked it against Vanessa's right fucktit. 

 At the same moment, Erickson pushed the buzzing vibrator out of her asshole and kicked her ass. 

 The sudden stings on her heavy funbag and her ass cheeks together with the humiliation of getting kicked around like a low dogbitch stifled her arousal. The orgasm was gone before it had even arrived. 

 After several minutes, Vanessa's arousal had calmed down completely although she was still horny as hell. Then Erickson and Connor started their teasing game anew. 

 Once again, Vanessa presented herself as a bitch in heat bucking and shaking her ass invitingly while Connor's feet rested on her back. And once again, the guys' kicks stifled her orgasm. 

 Vanessa was ready to go up the wall from her need to cum. All her nerves and all her senses screamed for relief. She was desperate beyond belief to get her orgasm. 

 But the guys made sure that she didn't get to cum... 

 When Miller had shot his load over Vanessa's face, it was Erickson's turn. He had some other plans than using the redhead as the Fluffer-Hoe though. Instead, he dragged Maria over to the kneeling 'Red Rose Whore' so they were facing each other. 

 Maria looked more than tired and exhausted. Her hair was matted and stuck to her head while her giant bolt-ons glistened in sweat. 

 A second later, Erickson grabbed Maria's head using the hair-handle and pushed her forward. He forced the blonde bitch to lick all the dried cum off of Vanessa's face. 

 By now, Maria was far too weak to fight so she obeyed like a good Miss Office- Slut should. The disgusted grimace on her face clearly showed how much she disliked the task and the gross taste of the rancid sperm though. 

 With Vanessa's face finally clean again, Erickson stepped in between the two sluts. Thereby, his erect cock jumped straight at Maria while his ass hovered right in front of Vanessa's face. 

 The red-haired whore barely had time to gulp down the lump in her throat that had formed from the realization of the forthcoming ordeal before Erickson reached back with his arm, grabbed her head and pressed her face into his fat, wobbly ass cheeks. 

 Once again, Vanessa's face was buried deep in a gross, hairy, fat male ass. And this time wasn't any better than the times before. 

 She hadn't given up her hope for a second orgasm though so she quickly behaved like a good whore, spread Erickson's white, wobbly buttocks with her red stiletto-nailed hands and dug her tongue deep into his rectum. 

 Maria had to cup her huge, round, plastic fuckballoons at the sides with her pink-nailed hands and press them tightly together. This way, they looked even rounder and more vulgar than before. Over and over, Erickson forced the blonde Barbie bitch to spit onto her blown-up, oversized juggs to get her cleavage slick and wet. Then he finally put those giant, bolted-on fuckudders to good use fucking the deep cleavage with vigour. 

 Meanwhile, Vanessa munched away at his stinking, hairy ass and twirled her tongue around his wrinkled asshole trying her best to suppress the gags and chokes emanating from her gullet. 

 After some time, Erickson had tested the slut-upgrade on the blonde bimbo's fucktits enough shoving his cock into her mouth giving her tonsils a real workout. He made her gag just as hard as Vanessa. Tons of spittle and drool sloshed out of the blonde's mouth and landed on her protruding fuckudders in a nasty display. 

 The remaining three guys were given a special show with a blonde pimped-up Barbie doll struggling around a crushing skull-fuck and a smoking hot red- haired model slaving away at licking dirty ass. Both girls were choking and retching in rhythm filling the room with loud gags. 

 After a seemingly endless time, Erickson couldn't hold out any longer. He stepped to the side and grabbed both of the sluts' heads pushing them together. This way, they were kneeling in front of Erickson facing him cheek to cheek. 

 A second later, his cock erupted and spurted strand after strand of gooey cum over the faces of the two whores. Long stripes of thick, white sperm covered their cheeks and foreheads. 

 With his balls drained, he stepped away from the sluts and ordered 

 "C'mon fuck puppets, lick each other clean." 

 The will to fight each other was long gone. Maria was too exhausted and Vanessa was way too aroused. So they obeyed instantly, sticking their tongues out and scraping the slimy goo off each other's face. 

 When Erickson finally stepped away, he walked past Vanessa and recognized a puddle on the floor right between her legs. From their merciless teasing, her pussy had been overflowing with juices dripping down onto the ground and forming a wet spot on the floor. 

 Showing the puddle of cunt-slime to the other guys earned Vanessa another round of mocking laughter only making the red-haired slut hornier. 

 "Oh, this whorish piece of trash wants to cum another time?" Erickson taunted her. "C'mon beg us to be allowed to cum, cheap whorebag!" 

 Vanessa only thought about the suggestion for a split second before her horniness won. She was so desperate to cum that she was more than willing to oblige to anything. 

 "Please sir! Please, I'm the lowest piece of shit whore that exists." Vanessa started degrading herself. 

 "I need to be used as cheap fuck meat! I need to be treated like a piece of dirt!" she continued her own debasement her voice quivering from arousal. 

 "Please sir, this bottom whore will wallow in the mire for your pleasure if you make her cum." she completely subdued herself. 

 And once again, Vanessa only earned cheers and dirty laughter. 

 Putting his feet off the redhead's back, Connor finally addressed Vanessa. 

 "So you want to cum, gutter whore!" he asked spitting out every single word. 

 Vanessa only nodded shyly. 

 "If we're so grateful to allow this filthy hooker to cum, It needs to show us that It can be useful for something after all." he continued. "Prove that It is not a total waste!" 

 "It shall make Itself cum while spit shining my shoes with Its cunt!" he ordered. 

 In a flurry, Vanessa was on her knees. She was more than willing to oblige. She was willing to do anything just to get the release from the nerve-wrecking craving that was holding her body in its merciless grip. 

 With Connor sitting in the armchair, she kneeled in front of him and pushed her pussy onto his right shoe. It only took the leather to touch her cunt lips to make a shower run down her spine. 

 The next second, she started pushing her cunt back and forth on the shoe rubbing her precious, soft pussyflesh on the hard, dirty leather. 

 From the outside, it looked more than degrading. But for Vanessa it was pure bliss. Waves of ecstasy rushed through her body when it was torn asunder by an earth-shattering orgasm. 

 All the while, she continued shining Connor's shoe with her pink pussyflesh acting like a shoe polishing device all on her own. 

 This Friday, Vanessa had lost the status of the office-slut and she had been defeated by her former best friend Maria who had taken over her role in the office. Now, she was nothing more than the 'Red Rose Whore'. She wasn't a slut getting off her rocks by playing a whore anymore. She was just that - plain and simple -- a whore. 

 But right then and there while riding Connor's shoe with her pussy, none of that mattered. All that mattered was that her whore-self finally got the orgasm it needed so desperately... 

 *to be continued...* 

 *Weekends at the 'Red Rose Club' are special events and they hold more surprises in store for Vanessa.* Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 17 ****** byCathartico© It was Saturday evening. Eric Collins drove down a street lined with rundown houses and closed stores. Garbage was up and down the sidewalks. He parked his car in an empty parking lot. The few other cars were mostly abandoned and gutted. 

 Looking nervously around, he walked to a seedy building nearby. A neon marquee sign with interchangeable letters greeted him from above the entrance. It gave the building the look of an old movie theatre. Only, this wasn't a movie theatre but a strip club instead. 

 In big bold letters, the sign read: 

 THE RED ROSE CLUB LIVE 'N' LOADED SATURDAY STAR SHOW 

 Eric had never been to this sleazy club. He hadn't even driven through this dirty part of town before. Until recently, he had never heard of the club. And now that he was standing in front of it, the strip joint didn't look invitingly at all. 

 His interest had been piqued last week when one of his buddies from work had started chattering about the new 'Red Rose Whore'. 

 "That's one nasty bitch, dude!" he had told Eric over and over again. "You can live out your filthiest fantasies with that kinky whore!" 

 "She's called Queeny Ho and she's definitely the queen of hoes in town! She's down for everything, man! And I mean EVERTHING!" he had continued gushing about this particular hooker nonstop. 

 After a full week of listening to his buddy raving about the smoking hot whore, Eric had finally gotten convinced to visit the club. So here he was – an average Joe about to enter a seedy strip joint in the town's sleazy redlight district for the first time in his life. 

 Heading inside, Eric went down a short, dark hallway before stepping into the main room. It was a large area with a main stage at one end and two smaller stages at the corners of the opposite side. In between those stages, a seating area with a wide range of tables and chairs was located. 

 A platinum blonde bimbo was dancing in the spotlight of the main stage giving a strip show. As it was pretty early on a Saturday evening, the club wasn't packed yet. Despite the dim light, Eric was able to notice that there were two different kinds of guests present. A couple of men looked like regulars chatting with the barkeeper or the waitresses while most guests appeared to be some kind of fanboys. They were easy to identify as they were either holding a camera or a photo of the blonde stripper. Remembering the large poster at the club entrance, Eric figured that the blonde bimbo had to be a famous pornstar feature dancing at the club. 

 He took a seat next to a regular. It was an older guy with a receding hairline. Looking at the main stage, something else caught Eric's attention. In front of it, a woman was kneeling on the ground. She had long, jet, dark red hair that flowed down her shoulders and an incredible pair of perfectly shaped, firm D- cup tits. This had to be Queeny Ho. The 'Red Rose Whore' his buddy had been raving about. 

 And his pal had been telling the truth. She looked ravishing with the face of a supermodel and the full-figured, curvy body of a Playboy bunny. She was definitely way too hot to be working as a low, cheap hooker in such a seedy club. 

 Even more surprising than the whore's striking beauty was the scene happening right in front of his eyes. He had been expecting a lot of different things but none of that came even close to what he was seeing. 

 The 'Red Rose Whore' was completely naked except for a pair of black fencenet stockings and pink vinyl platform ankle boots. Instead of a dress, she was wearing a leather collar around her neck. A silver chain was attached to the front hook of the collar. The chain hung down the whore's front, ran though her legs and was tied behind her back to the strip pole in the middle of the main stage. 

 It wasn't simply a leash though. It looked more like an accessory cladding the ginger slut – an incredibly obscene accessory. The silver chain didn't end at the collar. Instead, it was threaded through the hook and split in two parts. Each part was attached to one of the slut's silver tit rings and extended down to her silver labia rings. Each part then ran through a cunt ring from the outside and got linked back together in the middle right above her pussy. This way, the leash was one long single chain attached to all four rings in a diamond form. If the leash got pulled, it caused a chain reaction pulling on all four rings concurrently. 

 As the leash was rather short, it pulled the whore's cunt rings up spreading her twat open and invitingly exposing her tender, pink pussy flesh. At the same time, it pushed her big, juicy funbags up to her chin making them stand up firmly. 

 In addition to this fetish attire, her arms were cuffed behind her back and some words were written over her forehead and belly with red lipstick. On her forehead, Eric could make out the words: 

 'CUM DUMP' 

 All over her belly, the service on sale was advertised: 

 ROCK-BOTTOM WHORE – ROCK-BOTTOM PRICE 

 FUCK ANY HOLES – DECIDE ABOUT THE PRICE 

 Eric couldn't believe his eyes. This was the filthiest, most debauched scene he had ever witnessed. On one hand, Queeny Ho looked like a scorching hot glamour model. On the other hand, she was dressed up like a will-less slave. 

 Looking at the submissive figure in front of the stage was enough to bring Eric's cock to live. In a heartbeat his dick was erect. Thus, it only shocked him the more that no one else paid any attention to the ravishing slut. None of the guys seemed to give a shit about her. Instead, they rather watched the strip show although the dance routine seemed to be more than lame. 

 Leaning over to his old table neighbour, he asked. 

 "Why is no one using that leashed whore?" 

 "Hehehe!" the old guy responded with some hoarse laughter. 

 "Nailed that piece of fuckmeat just yesterday!" he explained. "She's a great fuck but she's the daily whore in here. You can tap that ass any day." 

 "Look at that blond bitch!" he continued pointing at the stripper on the main stage. "She's today's special star. A real pornstar! Got all her videos! Jerked off to her countless times! 

 "Maybe, I can get a piece of that ass later when the strip show's over. Better save my cream for some fresh ass! I can nail the 'Red Rose Whore' any day again." he concluded. 

 For a moment, Eric was taken aback by the blunt explanation of the club regular. But obviously, the old geezer wasn't alone with his opinion. Apparently, all the regulars had already vented their lust on all of her fuckholes extensively. Now, they had gotten used to the 'Red Rose Whore' and were back on the hunt for some fresh meat. The fanboys on the other hand only had eyes for their favourite pornstar anyways. 

 This impression got confirmed by the ongoing action. While Eric had been talking with the old regular, Queeny Ho had gotten into motion. With her arms cuffed behind her back, she had crawled over to the first guy in line on her knees. In the process, she had to drag on the leash and the chain came into full effect. 

 With her back arched, the chain stretched her massive D-cup tits further upwards causing her full, ripe melons to bulge out from her chest to the effect that they got pressed up against her chin in an obscene display. The chain also pushed her piss flaps further up opening her pussyhole wide and showing off her pink fuck tunnel. As the leash hung down from the collar hook and ran through her legs, the chain was firmly pressed against her open, unprotected pussy flesh. 

 The first man the ginger whore reached was a fat guy sweating heavily. He was busy taking pictures of the blonde stripper. Kneeling in front of him, the leashed hooker asked. 

 "Please sir, may this fuckdoll serve you as a cum dump?" 

 At first, the guy didn't react not even noticing the whore's presence. She had to repeat her degrading plead one more time before he responded. With an annoyed expression on his face, the fat ugly guy lowered his camera and gave the kneeling whore a look-over. 

 "Can't you see I'm busy, dim-witted bitch?" he shot back with a harsh voice before shooing the leashed hooker away. 

 Eric could hear the 'Red Rose Whore' whimpering in response to the fat guy's mean reaction. With her head hanging down, she quickly crawled over to the next guy. As the first row was crowded with fanboys, she didn't have any luck though. She got shooed away by all the guys. 

 Listening to such a gorgeous beauty begging to be used as nothing more than a cum dumpster and seeing her getting rejected by sleazy old geezers, fat ugly blokes and average Joe's seemed incredibly pathetic to Eric. Her reactions clearly told him how humiliating it must feel for the ginger whore. She looked like a whipped dog with his tail between his legs. Still, she continued her degrading hooker march. 

 The second row was positioned pretty far off the main stage. Crawling there, Queeny Ho's chain was pulled taut. Her cunt lips and fucktits were stretched out to the maximum and the chain pressed painfully into her soft inner pussy flesh. She was constantly whining and whimpering from the pressure by now. 

 Still, the leashed hooker pulled on the chain with all her might in an attempt to finally score a john. The way she was tearing on the chain like a dog and grovelling throughout the floor made her look even more pathetic and desperate. 

 "Please, ouh..., sir ouh..., use this piece of fuckmeat, ouh..., any way you want, ouh!" 

 By now, her pleading got interrupted by her whimpering. It had such a ridiculous sound to it that it only made the guys laugh about the pitiful whore. 

 Finally, a man in the second row was gracious enough to take the 'Red Rose Whore' up on her offer. But once again, the scene unravelling in front of Eric took him by surprise. 

 The desperate hooker didn't get the chance to give the guy a blowjob. Instead, the bloke simply pointed at his feet. Queeny Ho reacted instantly. Eric could see her sticking out her tongue and tentatively starting to lick the instep of the guy's left shoe. 

 The bloke gave her a few moments to properly spitshine his shoe. Apparently, the leashed hooker was licking away too slowly though. The bloke wasn't satisfied with her work so he pushed his right foot up and put it on the back of her head. Standing on her head, he firmly pressed the ginger whore's mouth onto the instep of his shoe. 

 This action took the 'Red Rose Whore' totally by surprise. She tried to fight back against this crude manhandling. Her legs desperately kicked out to all sides but it was to no avail. She wasn't strong enough. Instead, it only increased the pressure from his foot on the back of her head. 

 The guy used his foot to push her head back and forth until the whore had scraped any dirt off his filthy shoe's instep with her lips and tongue. He was using her mouth as nothing more than a shoeshine rag! 

 When he was satisfied with the whore's work, he changed his feet making her lick the right shoe clean as well. This time, the 'Red Rose Whore' didn't protest anymore. Instead, she submissively waited for his foot to press her mouth onto his right foot and guide her lips over the dirty instep. 

 Meanwhile, the guy pulled out his cock and started jacking off. After a few minutes, he grabbed Queeny Ho's ginger hair and pushed her face in front of his straining dick. By now, her dark red lipstick had been smeared all over her cheeks. Unceremoniously, he dropped his load straight into her mouth. He didn't even wait for the whore to swallow his gift before he took out a 10$ bill and threw it onto the ground. His attention was already directed back to the strip show. 

 As Queeny Hoe's arms were cuffed behind her back, she had to bend down and pick up the dollar bill with her mouth. She mumbled a 'Thank you' before crawling to the next guy. 

 Eric was shocked once again. 10$ was far less than the price of a simple lap dance in any other strip club. The name 'Rock-Bottom Whore' somehow seemed more than justified. 

 By now, his dick was hard as a rock. The scene was so perverse. He had never seen a woman getting debased any deeper. He had never seen a woman being treated in such a devaluating way. He had never seen a woman degrading herself so willingly either. 

 The ginger whore had to crawl over to the next guy in line with the bill in her mouth as she couldn't carry it any other way. The man didn't even wait for her offer though. Instead, he simply kicked her ass when she stopped in front of him. Queeny Ho almost toppled over and fell onto her face. Just the taut chain stopped her body in a most painful way. Once again, Eric could hear the leashed hooker whimpering as much from the pain as from the utter humiliation. 

 With her make-up smeared over her face, her tits and pussy lips stretched obscenely wide by the chain and the dollar note in her mouth, the 'Red Rose Whore' couldn't look any more pathetic or ridiculous. 

 Reaching the third guy in line, she had to spit the bill onto the ground before offering her service. By now, the constant pressure on her nipples and cunt lips gave her face a pained expression. Still, she begged the guy to be used as a cum dump. 

 The guy had a new task for Queeny Ho. She had to get up onto her feet, squat down and spread her legs wide. Then she had to lean back until her shoulders were on the ground. In this position, she was told to hump the guy's leg like a dog to make herself cum. She had to pump the air with her hips to get into contact with his calf. 

 This submissive display gave all guys a good laugh. Eric could see her face taking on the dark red colour of her hair. The shame and embarrassment was burning on her cheeks. Adding insult to injury, the chain was painfully pressed into her tender cunt every time she pressed her pussy against the guy's leg. Thereby, each hump was accompanied by a pained yelp. 

 Still, the 'Red Rose Whore' humped the leg like a demented sex addict in need of an orgasm. When she finally orgasmed her entire body was drenched in sweat from the effort. 

 In the meantime, the guy jacked off. Instead of dropping his gooey load of cum into her mouth though, he shot it straight onto the filthy, mucky floor. He added a 10$ bill to the gooey puddle on the ground. 

 Queeny Hoe couldn't suppress a disgusted whimper when she bent down. Like a true rock bottom whore, she lapped up the sticky sperm and picked up the two dollar notes with her mouth. The grossed out expression on her face told Eric a distinct story about the state of the filthy floor. The thought alone was enough to make him shake in disgust. 

 Continuing her hooker march, the 'Red Rose Whore' scored one more john. It was one of the regulars. He made her turn around so her ass was in his direction. Then she had to put her face on the ground and stick her ass into the air. 

 With the leashed hooker helplessly kneeling in front of him, the man pushed his legs up and placed them on her ass. He used her as a simple footrest objectifying her as nothing more than a piece of furniture. Every now and then, he ran the filthy sole of his shoes over her spread open pussy making her twitch from the unexpected touch and groan at the same time. He didn't stop until he had finished his drink. At least, it earned the ginger whore 5 bucks. 

 Finally the chain reached its maximum length putting an end to her degrading hooker march. Queeny Ho could pull as much as she wanted, it wouldn't go any further. By then, her tits and labia had been stretched into new dimensions. Her funbags were stretched so wide, they had taken on the form of cones and looked like rockets ready to blast off. 

 The last guy in reach for the 'Red Rose Whore' was Eric Collins. His cock was pulsating and straining like mad from the perverted show. Before the whore had even offered her service, he had pulled out his dick, grabbed her head and pushed her mouth over his tool. 

 He was more than ready for the ultimate 'Red Rose Experience' and Queeny Ho finally got her mouth used as a proper fuckhole. 

 

 

 --- 

 

 

 It was Saturday evening and Vanessa was kneeling in front of the main stage of the 'Red Rose Club'. She had just given her first blowjob of the night to a new customer. Until then, this hooking shift had been the worst ever. She had never felt as humiliated before in her life. 

 She was used to being the center of attention in the 'Red Rose Club'. During the last week, the new attraction of 'Queeny Ho - the hot fuckslut' had proven a goldmine. It had turned the club from a seedy, cheap, unfrequented strip joint into the hottest spot in the redlight district buzzing with guests. Pavone had even decided to turn the House-Specials into regular routines because of their tremendous success. 

 But weekends were a different case. All the other strip clubs and brothels in the redlight district were staging popular, well-known theme nights. And Pavone's club was known for its live shows with guest strippers. These guest dancers were pornstars travelling from city to city and strip club to strip club. Most of them were big stars in the adult business their name alone was enough to bring new fans to the 'Red Rose Club'. 

 These special theme nights implied that Vanessa got reduced to nothing more than a cum dump. An object, the customers could use for their quick satisfaction while focusing their attention on some popular pornstar. 

 Getting shunted off was more humiliating than any debasing sex act she had ever been forced to do. It hurt her pride. She was the 'Red Rose Star'! She was the prettiest whore in town! She deserved to be the star of the weekend shows. 

 Of course, Pavone hadn't given a rat's ass on Vanessa's opinion. The theme nights were a mainstay of the club and nothing would change that. On Saturdays, the featured pornstar gave a 30 minutes strip show starting each full hour. In between, she was giving autographs to her fans. During the dance shows, Vanessa had to serve as the leashed cum dump while she had to wait tables during the breaks. 

 Right now, the first dance shift was running. As it was early in the evening, the club was only half-full. Pavone had ordered her to earn at least 50 bucks during each dance shift. As no costumer had approached the 'Cum Dump' by themselves, she had been forced to grovel to the guests. It had only earned her 25§ though. So she had been more than happy when the final guy had asked for a blowjob. She had gone to town on his dick like a nympho worshipping it like it was her elixir of life. Fortunately, that guy had enjoyed her cocksucking so much he had paid the missing 25 bucks. 

 The evening had just started and Vanessa already couldn't imagine being able to take this utter humiliation for the rest of the night. Kneeling back in front of the main stage, she remembered the way this Saturday had begun. It had gotten off to such a good start ... 

 

 

 --- 

 

 

 Friday night, Vanessa hadn't gotten any sleep. After returning home from the restaurant, her mind had been in overdrive and the thoughts running wild inside her head had kept her on her toes. 

 Over and over again, the events from the restaurant had replayed in front of her inner eye. The walk of shame through Downtown dressed like a cheap, worthless street hooker with a slut-ad hanging off her tits had been an incredibly embarrassing experience. The introduction of Maria as the new office slut and Vanessa's defeat in the slut-challenge had been a hard blow to her self-confidence. Connor preferring to fuck Maria using Vanessa as nothing more than the 'Fluffer-Hoe' had been extremely humiliating. 

 But the worst thing of it all had been losing her role as office slut. She had been driven down another peg on the status ladder. In the eyes of Stanton, Miller and Erickson, she was now a low hooker working her ass off in the 'Red Rose Club' once and for all. 

 And they were right. She wasn't needed as a secretary and neither as the office slut anymore. Her only duty was to put her fuckholes on the chopping block for the quick satisfaction of sleazy lowlifes in order to pay back her contractual penalty. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 17 ****** byCathartico© This realization hit her harder than anything ever before and it mercilessly preyed her mind. 

 It felt like her entire self-image had been shattered into pieces. She had been the elegant, posh secretary who could twist any guy around her little finger with ease - even getting away with her arrogant ice-queen attitude in the country club. She was a classy secretary with a kinky secret - a classy secretary that lived out her submissive side by serving random men letting them treat her like a dirty, filthy whore. 

 The experiences of the past months had taught Vanessa that she needed both of her opposing, polar selves to feel complete. And she needed to make sure that she wouldn't lose one of it. 

 The events in the restaurant had revealed that she couldn't rely on Stanton and his lawyers. He had introduced her to the country club and paid her more money than she could have ever earned with her qualifications. But it had been all in return for her service as office slut. The moment she would have paid the entire contractual penalty, she wouldn't be of any use for him and he would drop her like a hot brick. 

 

 

 During the night, Vanessa had been going through her options and her thoughts had wandered back to her time working as a secretary in the law-office. As she had signed a special contract, Stanton, Miller and Erickson had assumed she would never be able to turn her back on the company. Otherwise, she would have been marked as a whore for life never being able to find a decent job ever again. 

 Thus, she had worked closely with the three lawyers – like their private secretary. They had assigned her to work on several special deals they hadn't wanted to involve the other secretaries in. Those deals had been more than risky and very juicy. There was a lot of money flowing and lots of real estate involved. 

 Of course, all the names of the business partners in the files and documents had been ciphered. But one day working on some papers, Vanessa had accidentally gotten a look into an electronic file that matched the anonymous codes to real names. Vanessa had immediately realized the importance of that file. So she had tried to memorize as many names as possible. Amongst others, Pavone and Connor had been on top of that list. Back then, Vanessa hadn't recognized those names. But now, she knew these two men too well. Stanton kept this electronic file on an external hard drive which he either locked in his office vault or took home. 

 Vanessa was completely aware that this knowledge was compromising and highly dangerous for all persons involved. Now that she had lost her status as secretary and her role as queen bee of the country club was in danger, this knowledge came in handy. 

 She only knew too well that Pavone wouldn't let her go after she had worked off her fine. Most definitely, he was planning to keep his 'Red Rose Whore' in his club as she was making him tons of money. 

 But the public hotel incident and Stanton's way of handling the situation told her one thing for sure. The lawyers were more than sensitive about her role as office-slut and they didn't want to get it publicized under any circumstances. There was no other reason for keeping Mark as her watchdog. 

 For the moment, she couldn't use her compromising knowledge about Stanton and Pavone's deceptive business practices. After all, she was deeply entangled in all of these illegal activities. She had helped them conduct their illegal activities so she was an accomplice. 

 Still, the knowledge could be more than helpful. She needed to make sure that she wouldn't be dragged down with all the men and she needed some security against Pavone. She didn't even care if their activities were uncovered or not. All she wanted was to keep her country club status and financial security. 

 She couldn't risk being the one toppling over backwards and taking the fall. Stanton, Pavone and Connor were no persons to mess with easily. So she needed to put some pieces into place before she was on the safe side. 

 Nevertheless, it felt good to have a plan. But first of all, she needed to find a way to keep up her posh lady-self. 

 

 

 When Vanessa arose from her bed on Saturday morning, there was only one thing on her mind. She couldn't accept the loss of her ice-queen self. She finally had to realize her eternal goal – becoming a spoilt trophy wife. 

 She put on an elegant summer dress and headed straight to the country club. She didn't even bother telling Mark about it. Instead, she immediately called Steve when she left her apartment building. Steve was the young physician she had met in the country club a few times who had taken a real liking to her. 

 After the severe humiliations of last night, Vanessa needed to be treated like a real lady. And she needed to make sure that she retained access to the exclusive country club. The easiest way was to officially become Steve's girlfriend and in the long run more than that. 

 Until then, she would have repaid the contractual fine by working in the 'Red Rose Club'. Steve would be her ticket away from Pavone and the lawyers. They couldn't allow other members of the country club to get aware of their shady businesses and Vanessa had to minimize the risk of Steve finding out about her whore past. Thereby, it would be a win-win-situation for all of them. Vanessa would live a posh life keeping her insider information to herself. Pavone and SEP would continue their business practices undisturbed while keeping Vanessa on their radar and her whore past a secret. 

 

 

 The dinner with Steve in the country club went just as Vanessa had hoped for. He treated her like a real princess and the two chatted for a long time. When she had to leave, he invited her to a cocktail party on Sunday. She felt closer to her destiny than ever before. Her life goal of becoming a posh trophy wife felt within reach. Getting invited to these high-class events was the next step on her way into the high society. 

 Leaving Steve and the country club, Vanessa felt reassured of her lady-self again. The other women in the club still considered her their queen bee. With her knowledge about the connections between SEP, Pavone and Connor this wouldn't change. She was certain that they wouldn't risk exposing her. They had too much to lose. 

 Everything was going smoothly with Steve and soon she wouldn't need Miller or Stanton any further as her access ticket to the club. 

 

 

 On her way out, she nearly bumped into a security guard. It turned out to be the one fat, middle-aged guard she disliked the most. 

 Each time that particular guard was on duty, he blatantly devoured her full- figured, curvy body. It always felt like he was undressing Vanessa with his eyes giving her the creeps. 

 In the country club, Vanessa was always in full lady mode and the slutty part of her self was buried in the rearmost corner of her mind. Therefore, she was particularly sensitive to the guard's lecherous behaviour. 

 Each time she met him, Vanessa reacted the same way becoming all reactant and acting as abrasive as possible. She always flashed her most arrogant expression and behaved as snotty as possible to show him in no uncertain terms that she was way out of his league. 

 This time, he walked out of his duty station the exact moment Vanessa passed by. When she bumped into him, he got a good feel of her tits. Vanessa's blood was boiling. The guard was going too far. She was about to make a scene right there. She started cussing him out but he only leered at her. The more she swore at him, the bigger his evil, leering smile grew. Vanessa kept on cussing the guy out until she realized that there was no one around to watch or hear the argument. So she stopped in despair and stormed off with a crimson face. 

 

 

 The moment she stepped into her car, she had already calmed down. The day was going too good to get worked up over some low, insignificant lecher. 

 After yesterday's events, the visit to the country club had been the perfect idea. She had lived and breathed her lady-self for the day. Now, she was more than ready to live out her slut-self during the night. 

 

 

 After a visit to Vanessa's favourite beauty salon where she had gotten a full spoiling session and a fresh French manicure, she arrived at the 'Red Rose Club' with Mark at her side. 

 Since Mark had started working for Pavone as Vanessa's watchdog, he had turned into his loyal henchman. By now, he had earned Pavone's full trust and got assigned to more and more areas of responsibility. It seemed like he had finally found his calling. He appeared like a completely new person. The slacker hanging around the house and watching TV all day long was completely gone. Instead, he was full of beans bubbling over with confidence. In a short space of time, he had earned respect from everyone working at the club from the waitresses to the bouncers. 

 

 

 As soon as Vanessa had arrived at the club, she changed into her stripper outfit. It was a metallic pink two-piece set with a front tie halter top, a matching pink metallic ruffle mini skirt, black fencenet stockings and pink platform ankle boots with 6" heels. No bra or panties were part of the outfit. 

 The top was only held up by the tie between her tits. It left her belly completely free showing off her 'Trailer Trash Whore' flame ring tattoo that circled her bellybutton and 'Queeny Ho' lower back tramp stamp. Only the 'Property of Pavone' stamp tattoo was covered by the mini skirt. The skirt didn't hide much else though. It was so tiny that it didn't even cover the lower half of her ass. All in all, it perfectly fit the description of a stripper outfit. 

 When she had just finished getting dressed, Pavone called her into his office. Obviously, he wanted to introduce the star of the Saturday Live Show personally to Vanessa. However, the word 'star' had a hollow ring to it. Vanessa didn't expect to meet a real star but a worn-out whore that had been shooting adult videos for years and was now doing the dance circuit routine living off her famous name from the past. 

 

 

 Entering the office, Pavone sat at his desk and next to him stood a woman that looked completely different from what Vanessa had expected. 

 The pornstar greeting her was about the same age as Vanessa with long, straight, platinum blonde hair and blue eyes. She was petite with a small height and had an incredible hourglass figure. Her waist was tiny while her tits were huge. The round, overblown, plastic flesh-balloons looked incredibly fake but also very familiar. 

 It was Maria! 

 Vanessa stood in the office with a gaping mouth totally flabbergasted and her heart skipped a beat. Once again, Maria's appearance came as a total surprise catching her off guard. 

 What was she doing here? What did Pavone plan with Maria? 

 Her former best friend was Stanton's new office-slut. But that was no reason for her to be in the 'Red Rose Club'. 

 Vanessa couldn't believe that Maria showed up at the club. This was her territory! She was the queen bee in this place! And she wouldn't tolerate any rivals! 

 

 

 In an instant, the wrath and anger about yesterday's loss flared back up inside Vanessa. It seemed like Maria was becoming her nemesis and it made Vanessa furious. It had been a huge effort to suppress all that rage but now it was back on with full force. 

 Maria showing up in the 'Red Rose Club' could only mean one thing. She was the guest stripper for the Live Show. Her ex-bff had been shooting porn movies during her college years and become popular as Heidy Moon Stratus. 

 That name alone sounded pathetic in Vanessa's ears. It was a clear reference to those two wannabe celebrities. Not even in porn, Maria could make a name of herself. But looking her former best friend over, Vanessa had to admit the striking resemblance. 

 Of all pornstars in the world, Pavone had to hire Maria. This couldn't be a coincidence! Eying him, Vanessa noticed his amused facial expression and she knew for sure. This was no coincidence! 

 "I heard you two already met." he said barely able to contain his amusement. "A little reunion is always nice, isn't it?" 

 "Stanton has been singing praises about his new office slut for quite some time." Pavone continued his explanation for Maria's presence. "And when I found out that she's a former pornstar, I had to invite her for a Live Show." 

 "No one says no to a little extra money on the side, right?" he finally addressed Maria. 

 Pavone emphasised his point with a rough slap to her ass making the blonde bimbo stumble forward a bit. However, Maria held her gaze looking straight at Vanessa. The redhead could clearly see the lasting elation about the blonde's win at the restaurant in Maria's eyes. 

 And it made her only the more furious. It was just too much to take for Vanessa and the pent up anger burst out of her. 

 "That bitch got no place in here, you fucking bastard!" she exclaimed in full rage. "She's not famous! No one's gonna come to the club just to watch her strip!" 

 "You're gonna regret that decision. She's not gonna earn you a single buck!" she continued her rant. "Let me do the live performance and I can guarantee you that I'm gonna earn you more money than that pathetic wannabe-slut!" 

 Before Vanessa was finished with her outburst, Pavone had stepped in front of her. His face was glowing dark red. By now, he was just as enraged as his 'Red Rose Whore'. 

 "Did I allow you to question my decisions?" he bellowed at Vanessa. 

 His entire posture and mean expression didn't bode anything well. And it instantly shut the redhead up. Immediately, she felt intimidated and small. 

 "That mouth is not meant for talking but for sucking cocks only!" he barked at her. "Haven't you learnt that the last time? You only speak up when I tell you to! Do you understand that, fuckwhore?" 

 Vanessa was all submissive by now. Nervously looking over to Maria, she could see the blonde smiling in delight over her former best friend getting a harsh rebuke. It was more than enough to let Vanessa feel her low status. 

 "Yes master. I'm sorry master!" she whispered with a small voice. 

 A second later, Pavone had ripped the pink metallic top and pink metallic mini skirt off her body. Now, she was standing bare naked in front of him – except for her tramp tattoos, black fencenet stockings and pink platform ankle boots. 

 Pavone then produced a collar and a chain leash. When he had put the collar around her neck and attached the chain to her cunt rings, tit rings and the collar hook, he dragged her out of the office on the leash. 

 "I got the perfect role for you, scumwhore!" he explained while leading his slut into the main room. "As you're so eager to show your worth, you're gonna be the cum dump for our customers today. Prove that you're of any value and earn 50 bucks a dance shift, you stupid piece of fuckmeat!" 

 Making her kneel on the floor in front of the main stage, he attached the chain to the strip pole while Mark used a red lipstick to finish Vanessa's outfit. 

 

 

 That was the place Vanessa was still kneeling at when the first dance show came to an end. No further customer had approached her. But at least, she had earned the 50 bucks. 

 During her shift of waiting tables, Vanessa could see that most of the fanboys lined up to get an autograph and a picture with their favorite pornstar. But most of them left the club after they had received their precious price. They had gotten everything they had come for. Slowly, the rush on Heidy Moon Stratus dried off. 

 This observation helped lessening the deep humiliation of getting disregarded by those fanboys. Instead, the anger about Maria invading her territory flamed back up. 

 

 

 Vanessa couldn't let Maria take over the club. But she didn't see any possibility to go up against it. After all, she was working for Pavone and he had decided to invite Maria as the star of the live show. 

 Vanessa tried to reassure herself by telling herself that this was only for the Saturday show. Every club needed a little variety to attract new customers. Maria would be gone once and for all after this Saturday. For the entire week, she would be the centerpiece again. 'Queeny Ho - the Red Rose Star' would be the main attraction again. 

 Still, a negative connotation remained. It simply rubbed her the wrong way taking a back seat to another woman – especially to her nemesis Maria. 

 A few months ago, Vanessa wouldn't even have dreamt of working in a strip club. And now, she was not only taking pride in being the city's top whore but she was dead set on fighting for this title. 

 

 

 When the second dance shift started, Mark grabbed Vanessa's leash and attached the chain to the strip pole again. He didn't care about her any further even forgetting to cuff her hands behind her back. There she was obediently kneeling on the ground in front of the main stage again. 

 The club had filled noticeably although the demography of guests had changed. While the number of fanboys had decreased, several groups of young blokes partying and boozing had come to the club. Shortly before the second strip show started, a large biker gang arrived. 

 Pavone announced the special guest of the Saturday Star Show and a moment later, Maria – or rather Heidy Moon Stratus - stepped onto the main stage accompanied by loud hollers and cheers. 

 Maria perfectly knew how to play the crowd as she was wearing a slutty cheerleader costume that consisted of a blue tie front bra top, a white Lycra mini skirt, white knee high boots and blue pom poms. 

 The top was at least two sizes too small tightly squeezing Maria's huge, overblown fuckudders and making the titflesh bulge out of the bra. 

 With her tight figure and bleached blonde hair, she looked like the perfect picture of a cheerleader. And with her massive funbags and slutty smile, she made all the guys' fantasies boil over. 

 Maria started showing off several cheerleader moves using the pom poms to full effect. After a few minutes, she threw the pom poms into the crowd and began stripping off the bra top. 

 Vanessa was watching from her position. She almost had to stifle a yawn. Maria was wearing the same outfit and giving the same exact performance as before. The blonde's dance routine was more than boring. The bimbo bitch was doing nothing more than gyrating around the strip pole showing off her fake plastic boobs. 

 This ignited Vanessa wrath once again. Maria was simply living off her pornstar name not putting any effort into her dance show. Vanessa could give a far superior performance. Still, she was kneeling on the ground reduced to a cum dump. 

 The longer Maria's dance routine lasted, the more unbearable it became to Vanessa. She felt the urge to show the customerss what an enticing strip show was all about. This urge slowly built up inside of her growing stronger and stronger until she couldn't watch the pretentious Barbie bitch's show any longer. 

 Vanessa's fury about Maria showing up in the club, the disappointment of being relegated to play the second fiddle and the anger about the lacklustre show finally overcame the redhead. 

 Thus, she started her own big show. 

 She grabbed the chain and detached it from the strip pole. Then she got up on her feet and walked over to a biker swaying her ass from side to side. 

 Right then and there, Vanessa was like an animal on the hunt – or rather a slut on a mission. Her only goal was to prove that she was the better slut than Maria. She was totally focused on pulling off a better performance than the pretentious pornstar Heidy Moon Stratus. 

 Reaching the guy, she handed the leash over to him. She willingly turned herself into his fuck puppet on his strings. With an evil smile on his face, the heavily tattooed biker started pulling the chain into different directions. 

 

 He used the chain to make his puppet dance on the strings. He pulled Vanessa's fat fucktits and juicy pussy lips to each side forcing her body to follow helplessly. He turned the redhead into a marionette that was giving him the most vulgar, obscene dance possible. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 17 ****** byCathartico© The pressure on her precious nipples and cunt lips made Vanessa yelp and groan in rhythm while she got jerked around his chair. The biker dragged the chain from side to side making Queeny Ho pirouette around his chair. Then he pulled the chain up and down making the redhead jump and squat while her funbags were wildly jiggling and shaking. 

 Finally, the biker pushed the chain towards himself making Vanessa stumble upon his lap. She instantly, cupped her fat fucktits from the sides and pressed them right into his face. She almost smothered him with her soft titflesh while he licked her pierced nipples. 

 Eventually, Vanessa took the chain off his hands and turned around. The ginger whore bent over deeply with her legs straight giving him the full view of her round bubble butt, invitingly swollen pussy lips and firm round knockers peeking through her spread legs. 

 In this position, she asked the guy. 

 "Please sir, rate the slut's performance! Push a finger up the fuckdoll's cunt if you liked it! Spank her ass if you didn't like it!" 

 A harsh slap landed on each of Vanessa's ass cheeks instantly turning them bright red. In response, Vanessa said. 

 "Thank you sir, this dumb piece of shit whore will try better." 

 Then she raised herself back up and danced over to the next table in line. There was a group of young blokes seated. They appeared to be a clique of college hunks looking for some naughty action outside of their usual dorm parties. Vanessa handed the chain to one of the young hunks. 

 "C'mon, make the puppet dance!" his friends immediately cheered him on. 

 Their comments spurred the young bloke on. He made Vanessa turn around and threaded the leash through her legs. This way, Queeny Ho was dancing with her ass facing him. Pulling the leash from side to side, he made her gyrate her hips. 

 "Shake dat ass! Show me what you got!" another friend urged the ginger whore on. 

 "Don't make me leave with my foot up your ass!" a third friend added making the entire clique laugh at their fuck puppet. 

 The young college hunk dragged the leash towards him making their ginger marionette bend over and stick her ass out. Vanessa tried to obey their order flexing her ass muscles to make her butt cheeks shake and wriggle as wildly as possible. The bloke started pulling on the chain making his fuck puppet bend her knees. In response, he pulled the leash back up pushing it deeply up her soft, tender slit and making Vanessa jump up. 

 He started a rhythm making the slut bend and jump. Queeny Ho had a hard time concentrating on the ass shaking while getting yanked around on her tender piss flaps and sensitive nipples so she stumbled several times. Every time she tripped and floundered, the college hunks high-fived as if they had scored a point while the rest of the customers laughed about the clumsy skank. At least, her ass cheeks were bouncing like crazy as the young blokes had ordered. 

 Vanessa felt like she was caught in an endless stream of humiliation. The chain attire seemed like a device from hell only created to debase her. The only thing that kept her from crying was the fact that her sudden, unexpected outburst brought the customers back to live. They had quieted down further and further becoming bored by Maria's lame strip show. Now, they started hooting and hollering again – but for Vanessa this time. 

 Eventually, Queeny Ho took the leash from the young college bloke and bent over for his rating. This time, her cunt got the attention. He approved of her performance! But it didn't stop with one finger up her pussy. Instead, the one finger was followed by a second and a third one. Then she even felt two fingers wriggling their way up her asshole. In the end, she had five fingers up her fuckholes – one from each member of the college clique. Pulling them out, the three pussy pluggers showed their wet fingertips to all the other customers. The slut was dripping with her fuck juices. 

 In her competitive state of mind, Vanessa felt the urge to thank the college hunks for giving her a positive rating. So she turned around, smiled at them seductively and purred a 'Thank you, gentlemen!' while licking her pussy juice and ass slime off their fingers. 

 More and more guys turned their attention to the 'Red Rose Whore' that was dancing like a sex-starved maniac and begging the guests to either spank her ass or fondle her pussy. Especially, the biker gang and the cliques of young guys were enticed away from the blonde stripper bimbo by the ginger fuck puppet. 

 Vanessa didn't get distracted though. She was still on a mission. She didn't even care about her nipples and cunt lips getting sorer and sorer from the constant pushing and pulling on the chain. Instead, she repeated her slut performance until she had been used as a slut-marionette by half of the tables. 

 When she noticed that Maria's strip show was slowly coming to an end, she stepped onto one of the side stages and knelt down. 

 "C'mon guys! Make this dirty piece of fuckwhore cum! The guy that makes the slut cum gets a free blowjob!" she announced. 

 This announcement caused a stir among the customers. By now, the entire crowd - except for the few remaining fanboys - wasn't interested in Maria's show anymore. Instead, the guests rushed to the side stage and formed a line standing along the stage. 

 Vanessa started crawling along the edge with her ass facing the crowd. She pushed her face on the filthy ground while reaching back with her French- manicured hands to spread her ass cheeks wide. Her pink pussy opened up showing off the two silver cunt rings and the silver clit stud framing her wet and swollen twat lips. 

 Vanessa purred like a bitch in heat while she gyrated her hips invitingly enticing the guys. She gave each man a good half minute to fondle her cunt and push their fingers into her pussy in an attempt to make her cum. 

 The attention from the men, her naughty behaviour and the constant pulling on her rings had aroused Vanessa beyond limits. A fire was burning between her loins - a fire that was spurred on by the realization that she had won the crowd over. 

 The next guys didn't settle for simply fondling her pussy though. Instead, they shoved up to three fingers into her asshole. Especially the bowling grip with the thumb up Vanessa's ass and the two middle fingers in her pussy enjoyed great popularity. 

 With each guy trying feverishly to make the 'Cum Dump' orgasm, Vanessa started moaning and groaning louder. Her hips began a life on their own, shaking and gyrating automatically. Her pussy juices were flowing freely and dripping onto the ground in torrents. 

 Eventually, a guy grasped her cunt rings with his left hand and spread her pussy wide open. Then he snapped the index finger of his right hand against her clit hard. 

 A jolt of ecstasy exploded in Vanessa's mind from the precise, harsh flick and the dam burst. Finally, Vanessa was cumming. Right on stage, she was screaming out her orgasm while her body convulsed madly. 

 Her body writhed and shook for several minutes until her ecstatic high slowly faded. When she opened her eyes back up, the successful guy was standing on the stage in front of her face. He was waiting to collect his price. 

 Coming back to her senses, Vanessa remembered that she wasn't here for her own pleasure. She was acting like a sex-starved nympho to persuade the customers. It was her goal to convince them that she was the real 'Red Rose Star', a better slut than any pornstar could ever be - and a far superior slut than Maria. 

 Vanessa pushed herself up into a kneeling position and put on the naughtiest, most provocative smile she could muster. A second later, she had pulled down his pants and pushed her wet mouth over his erect dick. 

 Vanessa feverishly went to work trying to give the guy his best blowjob ever. She bathed the whole length of his shaft in her saliva and pushed his tool down her throat from the get go giving herself a good, hard throatfuck. 

 The men in the crowd supported Vanessa's efforts starting to clap in rhythm with her gagging until the winner shot his white, sticky load all over her pretty face. With relish, the redhead rubbed the gooey spunk into her skin. 

 Amid the applause of the men, she walked off the side stage with a huge smile on her face. She didn't even notice that Maria had finished her live show some time ago with only a few remaining fanboys watching. 

 

 

 Vanessa had barely arrived in the locker room when one of the waitresses called her to Pavone's office. 

 Up on stage, Vanessa hadn't thought about the consequences of her actions. She had acted on pure impulse. She had become too infuriated with the blonde Barbie bimbo getting all the attention. And the enraged look on Maria's bitchy face when the crowd had drifted off to Vanessa had been too good to miss. 

 But now that the show was over and Vanessa was slowly coming to a rest, she realized that her actions wouldn't remain unanswered. She had opposed a direct order from Pavone! She had mixed up the concept of the Saturday Star Show! 

 What if the word started circulating that any guest star had to face opposition from the club whore? Certainly lots of stars from the dance circuit would avoid the 'Red Rose Club' or even worse perform in a rival strip joint. Pavone couldn't allow this to happen. He had to set an example. He had to restore order in his club. 

 Vanessa only knew too well that some kind of punishment was awaiting her. But at the moment, she wasn't too intimidated. The triumph over Maria filled her with a powerful feeling of pride and invincibility. This elating emotion was definitely worth any punishment. She knew that she would act exactly the same way a second time. 

 

 

 With every step taking her closer to Pavone's office, her nervousness increased though. Pavone could be a cruel, scary guy. 

 When she opened the door, Vanessa could see Pavone sitting behind his desk. And next to him stood Maria with her arms crossed under her humongous silicone udders. 

 Vanessa's eyes roamed from Pavone to Maria and back. Their expression only increased her nervousness. Pavone's eyes were blazing with anger while Maria's gaze mercilessly bored into her. 

 Of course, Pavone was enraged about Vanessa's behaviour. She had never seen him as furious ever before. It had been a new example of her unlimited arrogance to him. She hadn't toned down her bitchy behaviour since working in the club and he had the feeling that he still hadn't managed to put her into her place properly. It was time to make a lasting example. 

 Looking at Pavone, Vanessa could somehow see something beyond anger gleaming in his eyes. She had acted like a crazed, wanton nympho. And the customers had loved her show. Her performance obviously gave him some new ideas how to use his whore. But most of all, his fiery red face was jumping straight at her completely extinguishing Vanessa's feeling of invincibility. 

 Of course, Vanessa's action hadn't gone so well with Maria either. She had received a lot less tips than expected. As her pornstar name was still famous, she had drawn a lot of new customers to the club. So she felt like she had every right to complain about Vanessa's lack of respect. 

 "You know why you're here, stupid whore?" Pavone greeted Queeny Ho sternly. 

 His rigid voice was enough to make Vanessa tremble. Standing in front of Pavone, she felt his dominant presence to the fullest. It was daunting and frightening. She felt like standing trial in front of a merciless judge. Slowly, fear crept up inside of her and she nodded submissively. 

 "I I have been a bad whore." she said with a small voice. 

 "Oh yes! You acted like a misbehaving brat!" he growled. "Seems like you don't want to listen! You have to feel then! And you will feel it the hard way, whore!" 

 "You're nothing but my obedient fuckpet! You only do what you're told!" he kept on ranting. "Obviously, you still haven't understood that!" 

 "I've understood master!" Vanessa responded her voice quivering. 

 She felt like a little schoolgirl getting upbraided for misbehaving. 

 "It won't happen again, master!" she added shyly. 

 "Oh, it definitely won't happen again!" Pavone remarked. "I'll make sure you won't forget about your place in this club once and for all!" 

 He didn't give Vanessa time to comprehend this statement. Instead, he ordered her to walk over to him and lie across his lap. With her head hanging, she did as told. 

 "Like a little snotty girl that needs to be taught some manners!" he commented. 

 There she was - the redhead with ravishing looks kneeling on the ground draped over Pavone's knees while awaiting a spanking like a naughty schoolgirl. In this position, Vanessa felt more than helpless and vulnerable. 

 All the while, Maria looked down on her with a disdainful expression on her face. Vanessa's former best friend stepped in front of the ginger whore forcing her face up to make her look directly into her eyes. 

 "Now, you're not that sassy any more, you little dim-witted bitch!" she spat at her. "You're only a trashy gutter whore! You can't take me on in any way." 

 "I have fans all over the country coming here to watch my show and get an autograph." she continued hissing. "And you ruin their day by distracting them!" 

 "You can try as hard as you want to." Maria snarled. "You will never be as popular or as famous as me." 

 "Tell me what you are!" the blonde Barbie bitch suddenly ordered. 

 Vanessa was humiliated. Until now, she had only been called derogative names by men. But being berated by a woman – especially by Maria - made her degradation even worse. 

 She almost yearned for Pavone to get over with his punishment, spanking her bottom and letting her walk out of his office. But looking up to the owner of the club, she realized that this was part of her punishment. She had to submit to her nemesis. She had to bow to Maria. 

 "I'm just a piece of shitwhore! A stupid vulgar whore that deserves your contempt!" she answered with her cheeks burning from shame. 

 All the while, Pavone was running his hand over her bare ass cheeks caressing the ripe curves while enjoying her debasement. 

 Satisfied with Vanessa's self-degradation, Maria stepped out of the redhead's sight while Pavone kept on caressing her bottom. Vanessa's heartbeat quickened with each second elapsing. The anticipation of the inevitable spanking was a torture on its own. Any moment, the first slap could hit her bottom. 

 Finally, it fell down. And still caught Vanessa unprepared! 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!" she screamed out loud. 

 Out of Vanessa's sight, Maria had walked to the redhead's backside and taken Pavone's belt! 

 With all her strength, she had whipped the belt over Vanessa's delicate bottom leaving a deep red stripe right across both ass cheeks. But the pain was just as much physical as psychological. Getting spanked by her arch rival was a whole new level of debasement. 

 After the first blow though, Maria suddenly stopped. She walked back up to Vanessa's head and held the belt right in front of the redhead's face. She growled. 

 "Beg for it, piece of shit whore!" 

 Vanessa had no choice. She knew she was going to get it no matter what. Even worse, she was about to get whipped by her nemesis. There was nothing she could do to prevent it from happening. She could only hope the begging would soften the whipping somehow. 

 But begging her arch rival to whip her ass with a belt was too much for her to handle. She couldn't bring the words over her lips. So Vanessa looked up to Pavone and begged him instead. 

 "Please, master, whip your whore's ass hard. Make it red and blue." 

 Pavone laughed out loud. He knew exactly what made Vanessa tick. He knew that it was much more degrading for her to beg her former best friend than him. He enjoyed Queeny Ho's humiliation too much to let it go that easily. With a nod to Maria he told her. 

 "She's the one with the whip! Guess you gotta beg her!" 

 Vanessa let her head hang in defeat. She had to gulp down the huge lump in her throat before she was able to press out the words between clenched teeth. 

 "Please, mistress, whip this cheap bitch's ass hard." 

 She felt her face flush in the deepest shades of red from shame and embarrassment. But Maria wasn't finished with the teasing. 

 "Why am I going to spank your ass?" she asked the redhead. 

 "Because I'm a stupid, teasing whore that needs to be taught some manners." Vanessa responded her face turning even darker red. 

 Before Vanessa had finished her sentence, the next belt lash stroke her ass not even giving her a chance to brace herself for it. 

 Maria whipped Vanessa's bottom as hard as she could. She blistered the redhead's ass for good. And in between each lash, she made Vanessa thank her former best friend. 

 "Arrrggghhh! Thank you mistress for teaching this stupid whore how to be a good fuckpet!" 

 "Arrrggghhh! Thank you mistress for punishing my bitchy whore ass!" 

 "Arrrggghhh! Thank you for whipping some manners into this cheap, trashy whore!" 

 Calling her former best friend 'mistress' was almost as bad as the spanking itself. Vanessa tried to bring up all her will power to keep herself from screaming. She felt tears springing to her eyes while Maria mercilessly whipped her ass. As much as she tried to, she couldn't prevent it. Each blow brought a loud grunt and groan from her and she began sobbing as Maria continued beating her. 

 After each lash, she clenched and unclenched her ass cheeks, trying to shake off the stinging blow. This way, Vanessa was giving Pavone a great show. She was wriggling and working her buttocks like doing an erotic dance while draped over his lap. 

 The whipping seemed endless to Vanessa. Blow after blow blistered her tender ass. Finally, Pavone made Maria stop. He ran his hand over Queeny Ho's glowing ass cheeks and through her slit. It was dripping wet! 

 From the touch on her cunt, a yelp escaped Vanessa's lips. She couldn't believe it! She was aroused! 

 "Oh, someone likes the whipping!" Pavone chuckled. "Which sort of girl gets wet from having her ass spanked?" 

 Vanessa blushed again when she realized that the punishment was arousing her. 

 "Only the nastiest, filthiest of whores!" she answered under her breath. "Only your depraved fuckpet, master!" 

 "Hmm, that's the obedience I wanna see from my whore!" he responded to Vanessa's self-degradation. 

 "Now, I wanna see you cumming from getting your whore ass whipped!" he ordered out of the blue. "Frig that naughty cunt, bitch!" 

 Vanessa's humiliation deepened. She didn't want to make herself cum in front of Maria. She didn't want to get off while getting her ass whipped. Every fibre of her body resisted the order. 

 But Vanessa didn't have a word in the decision so she obediently pushed her French-manicured hand back to rub her throbbing clit. 

 There was no chance of staying quiet any longer. 

 "Aaahhh! ... Ooouuuhhh! ...! Yaaahhh! ... Aaarrgghh!" 

 Her screams were a mixture of grunts and whales while Maria continued her whipping. Vanessa's hand worked her pussy in a fury and unconsciously her hips were wriggling from side to side. 

 She lost track of time and place as pain and pleasure started mixing. Vanessa got lost in the feeling. She could hear Pavone and Maria laughing, making fun of her and goading her. But it was drowned out by the tidal wave building inside of her. 

 Her bottom started jabbing backwards towards the slashes welcoming each lash. Finally, the wave broke and her orgasm washed over her. Vanessa shouted out a primal scream while tears of pain ran down her face. 

 All while Vanessa was riding the waves of her orgasm, Maria continued lashing her blistered bottom. By now, the redhead's ass had been turned into raw meat. It was beyond glowing. If she would be able to sit for the next week without pain Vanessa would be more than lucky. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 17 ****** byCathartico© When the orgasm finally faded, Pavone didn't let her go yet. Instead, he gripped Vanessa's hair and forced her face up to look up to Maria. 

 "Tzz, what a dumb little whore!" the blonde huffed with the most derogatory sneer possible. "Cumming from getting her ass beaten!" 

 "Show her what you think of her!" Pavone urged the blonde Barbie on. 

 And once again, the following action caught Vanessa totally by surprise. 

 Her former best friend quickly spread her legs and pushed her cunt lips back. Then she started pissing right into Vanessa's face! 

 Holding her chin tight with one hand while gripping her hair with the other, Pavone forced Vanessa's mouth open. The ravishing hot redhead couldn't do anything against it. She knew better than to oppose anyway. 

 Maria's yellow, rancid piss streamed straight into her mouth. The piss sloshing against the insides of her mouth made a sickening noise – almost like sloshing into a urinal. 

 The gross, debasing mistreatment caused a pained expression on Vanessa's face. She was gurgling and spluttering from the powerful piss stream. It didn't impress Maria in any way though as she relished emptying her full bladder into Vanessa's mouth. 

 Her piss was dark with a biting stench making Queeny Ho gag immediately. In no time, Vanessa's mouth filled to the rim and some of the nasty, yellow liquid started flowing back out. 

 Maria stopped her piss stream and Pavone reacted by forcing her mouth shut. 

 "Swallow, pisswhore!" he simply ordered. 

 With her glowing bottom as a reminder of what might happen if she wouldn't obey his command, Vanessa did as told and gulped the vile broth down. 

 At once, her entire body shook in disgust and she started retching hard almost puking the vile liquid back up. Revulsion was added to the pained expression on her face. The taste was worse than anything she had tasted before and the acrid flavour deeply bored into her mind. 

 She had to take several more gulps each accompanied by pitiful retching and choking. Every swallow burned even worse than the one before. Finally, Maria was finished and she had succeeded in completely defiling Vanessa. 

 When her piss stream had ended, she wiped her cunt clean with her own hand and smeared the last drops off her fingers onto Vanessa's forehead. 

 "Bad taste in your mouth?" Pavone mocked the redhead noticing her sick expression. 

 Not waiting for a response, he added. 

 "Now, get out of my office and show everyone in the club how a whore gets properly punished for misbehaving." 

 

 

 Pavone unceremoniously pushed Queeny Ho off his lap and took the chain off of her. Then he picked up the metallic pink tie top and matching miniskirt that were still lying around in his office and threw them at her. While Vanessa was putting on her stripper outfit, she wondered what this change of clothing implied. What did he have in store for her during the next dance session? 

 Before she had a chance to ponder this question, Pavone kicked her out of his office. Vanessa was beyond shame when she walked back down into the main room of the 'Red Rose Club". People were eagerly waiting for the next dance show and the club had gotten really busy. The different groups of bikers, college hunks, regulars and average Joe's were launching at the tables or standing around the stages. 

 Vanessa approached the table closest to the entrance with her legs shaking from nervousness and her stomach churning from the disgusting piss load. It was a group of four average looking Joes. Apparently, they were some truckers with fat potbellies and lumberjack shirts – the typical kind of club customers. Shyly, she eyed them like a deer caught in the headlights and asked. 

 "Dear gentlemen, may I show you how a dumb whore gets punished for her stupidity?" 

 Instantly, the truckers stopped with their chat and looked at her thunderstruck. Not waiting for their response, Vanessa turned around. Closing her eyes in shame, she slightly bent forward and lifted her metallic pink miniskirt up to show off her blistered, fiery red bottom. At the mere sight of the welts and bruises garnering her abused ass, the group came back to life erupting in rounds of dirty laughter that attracted the attention of the remaining guests. 

 While Vanessa walked from group to group, her face turned as red as her glowing buttocks. She had to force herself to repeat her question, hold up her skirt and show off her blistered ass to anyone. All the groups made fun of the stupid whore that didn't know how to behave properly for an ordinary cum bucket. Each time, Vanessa had to wait until the guys were done with their taunting and it always felt like the mocking would never stop. 

 One of the biker cliques was the worst. The group consisted of a bunch of intimidating, heavily-tattooed guys each one proudly wearing his cut. They enjoyed prolonging the degrading situation by feeling Vanessa's glowing butt. They pinched and groped her burning ass cheeks testing out the different responses they could charm out of the ginger whore. 

 Vanessa felt incredibly helpless standing still while holding up her miniskirt and letting the men have their way with her blistered bottom. She couldn't help going back and forth between loud whimpers, painful yelps and whining to the amusement of all customers. 

 One of the bikers even touched her pussy. To his amazement, he noticed that she was wet once again. So he started fondling her clit mercilessly. Vanessa couldn't help it but her body betrayed her another time. The humiliating situation and all the attention were too much for her to handle. It was overwhelming her senses and her body was getting aroused in the process. 

 The hands on her aching bottom and the finger rubbing her clit made her whimper and moan in turns. There she was standing in the middle of the club presenting her punishment in full colours while being made to cum from getting her bruised bottom and dripping pussy touched. She shamefully felt like the lowest back- alley whore ever. 

 Still, she came in front of all these random strangers moaning like a bitch in heat while her face was flushed from embarrassment in the same deep red shade as her glowing butt. 

 Vanessa had now lost the remaining tiny bits of respect that were left in the customers. Watching the 'Red Rose Whore' orgasming from showing off her blistered ass and presenting her punishment in public shattered any last restraints. She had demonstrated that any degrading attention, any demeaning use or any rough manhandling aroused the dirty slut. 

 

 

 Vanessa had thought that she had experienced any kind of humiliation by now. But once again Pavone proved her wrong. Each time, he came up with a different way to degrade her and it always caught her off guard. Each new strike of humiliation hit Vanessa from an unexpected angle not giving her a chance to brace herself for it and it always affected her in a different way. Thereby, each embarrassment felt worse than the one before. 

 Vanessa had to admit that Pavone was a goddamn genius in that regard. But she also had to concede that her body was feeling completely different than her mind about these degradations. In a strange way, her body was yearning for fresh humiliations. It intensified any accompanying emotion making her orgasms much more intense leaving her body with a craving for more debasement. 

 

 

 When Vanessa had finished her shameful round through the club, Pavone took the main stage again. It was time for the third dance shift. Once again, Heidy Moon Stratus - the blonde pornstar bimbo - was about to take the limelight pushing Queeny Ho – the 'Red Rose Whore' - into the background. 

 Suddenly, showing off her blistered ass didn't feel as humiliating anymore. After all, the attention of all guys had been on her! Everybody had been focused on her. For the moment, Vanessa had been the 'Red Rose Star' again. Now, she was getting reduced back to a mere object of utility. She was about to be lowered to a dumb cum dumpster again. 

 "Obviously, we have two hot and horny fuckstars in the club today!" Pavone suddenly announced. 

 This introduction pricked up Vanessa's ears. For a moment, she thought she had heard wrong. She could only look at Pavone in disbelief. 

 "Seems like we got a little bitchfight going on in the club tonight!" the club boss continued making it clear that she had heard right. Meanwhile, the word 'bitchfight' caused a round of cheers from the crowd. 

 "I guess no one minds making full use of that situation." Pavone added earning a round of dirty laughter. 

 "So I decided to let all of you watch the bitches battle it out right here on stage." he announced making the crowd applaud. 

 Finally, Vanessa realized what the sparkle in Pavone's eyes had been about. He had noticed how much the customers had enjoyed her performance and seen the chance to make even better use of his merchandise. He could collect even more money by letting the two arch rivals battle each other in front of all the guests. 

 Vanessa realized that her slut-show had proven to him that she was more than the daily cum bucket for the regular johns. She had a far bigger entertainment value. She had demonstrated that Queeny Ho was the 'Red Rose Star' for a reason. She had proven that she could take on Maria with ease. 

 Of course, this hadn't kept him from punishing her for her presumptuous behaviour. He had needed to show all his employees that his word was law and that he hadn't lost his grip on his strippers. And quite obviously, he had succeeded. 

 Still, Vanessa had won more than she had lost. Her slut performance had promoted her back onto the main stage. The pornstar Heidy Moon Stratus wasn't the main attraction of the Saturday Star Show anymore. Vanessa was back on the same level as Maria and now it was a full on battle between the two rivals. 

 Suddenly, the deep humiliations of being whipped and forced to submit to her former best friend were forgotten. Instead, the chance to compete with Maria excited her. Her ambition and pride came back to the fore. 

 She was still on a mission – a mission that was already lasting for years since their gogo dancer days. She had to prove that she was better than Maria. Yesterdays, she had to show that she was a better dancer. Today, she had to demonstrate that she was a bigger, nastier slut than her ex-bff. 

 From an objective point of view, the intentness and fervour of being a good whore appeared absurd and irrational. But for Vanessa it made complete sense. She had gone down the road too far. Step by step, she had turned into the office slut and then the 'Red Rose Whore'. By now, it was a part of her self- image - the dark equation to her lady-self. Vanessa needed both parts equally to keep in balance. For her own self-worth, she needed to be reckoned as the posh queen bee of the country club just as much as being regarded as the hottest whore in town. 

 While Vanessa was still occupied realizing the full extent of the changed situation, Pavone continued stirring up the crowd. He imitated a ring announcer while laying down the rules. 

 "You're about to witness the battle of the sluts. It's gonna be pornstar versus hooker. It's gonna be dirty, filthy and nasty as hell. It's gonna be epic! Each slut gets one round to strut her stuff! After the two shows are over the crowd decides about the winner!" 

 Pavone's announcement had heated-up the crowd beyond all measures. Taking in the agitated mob, the club owner drew a deep breath and finished his introduction in style coining the catch phrase of the evening. 

 "Let's get ready for the bitchfight!" 

 

 

 At these words, Maria stepped onto the main stage and immediately managed to cast a spell over the crowd. The smoking hot blonde was dressed in the sexiest police uniform imaginable. 

 The 'Hot Pursuit Cop Costume' consisted of a dark blue zipper front mini dress with a broad black belt around her hips, black fencenet stockings and black vinyl over-knee platform boots. Completing the outfit, she wore a police hat. On the left side of the belt dangled a pair of handcuffs while a baton hung off the right side. 

 The mini dress ended just beneath Maria's curvy ass. She had pulled the zipper down beneath her massive, blown-up funbags. As a result, the uniform was barely able to contain her huge, round juggs. Her fat tits almost spilled out of the top. The deep cleavage directly leaped into any guy's eye. The outfit was extremely sexy. She definitely knew how to fuel the crowd. 

 Vanessa was standing at the bar watching Heidy Moon Stratus' performance. Maria's appearance clearly told the redhead that her former best friend had accepted the challenge. They both had always been overly competitive trying to outdo the other one. This clearly hadn't changed. 

 The DJ played some Trance tunes and the smoke machine blew a fog onto the stage. This added up to create a tense, suspenseful atmosphere. The crowd had stopped cheering and hollering. All guys were quiet. They were wounded up to a high pitch. 

 Maria strutted down the stage and through the mob in the most provocative, tantalizing way shaking her hips and pushing out her big, round knockers. 

 She played with the guys acting as if she was policing each one of them. One after the other, she approached a man and either ran her pink manicured index finger along his cheek or brushed the baton over his chest. Then she pushed each one away deprecatingly. 

 With two guys, she even imitated a strip search running her manicured hands over the guys' chests and down their pants until she cupped their dicks through their trousers. Finally, she took those two men by the hands and dragged them up onto the stage. 

 Both of them were members of the biker gang proudly wearing their colours. One of them was a young white badass with short black hair and tattoo sleeves. The other one was a middle-aged white, brawny baldhead. Both didn't look like person's to be trifled with. 

 Two chairs had been placed on the main stage in the meantime. Maria pushed each guy onto a chair – the tattoo-sleeve badass onto the left one and the bald- headed bull onto the right one. Then she turned to the crowd and started moving to the onset of a dance beat. 

 She used the baton to fire up the crowd some more running it over her belly and pushing up her big, round, bolt-ons. This almost caused her massive juggs to completely pop out of the mini dress. Eventually, she pushed the zipper down to the belt releasing her funbags. She bent over deeply showing off her tits to the fullest and pushed the baton between her voluptuous flesh-balloons giving the stick a tit fuck that made all guys drool. 

 She could see the crowd getting further agitated which produced a naughty smile on her face. Then the blonde bimbo turned around, bent slightly forward and pushed the hem of the dress up to reveal her naked, pantyless ass cheeks. Again, Maria used the baton to run it along her buttocks. She pushed her curvy, meaty ass cheeks up making them bounce and wobble up and down. Then she bent down even further and pushed the baton into her ass crack spreading her buttocks wide showing off her tight asshole and juicy pink pussy. 

 The mob could barely manage to keep calm anymore. This blonde Barbie doll dancing on stage appeared like the object of any guys' wet dreams. But at the same time, her teasing, provocative, cop-like behaviour conveyed the impression of her being totally out of their reach. 

 Finally, Maria let the mini dress slip to the floor. Now, she was standing on stage only clad in her police hat, black belt, black fencenet stockings and black vinyl over-knee boots. 

 She took the baton which had a hose clamp attached at the end. She clamped the baton to the strip pole in an angle of 10 to 15 degrees. This way, the baton stuck out from the pole in a narrow 'V' shape. 

 Afterwards, Maria turned her attention back to the two intimidating bikers sitting on their chairs. Once again, she strutted over to them like a lioness scenting its prey. 

 Reaching the guys, she started teasing them again. For a while, she sexily danced around the chairs. Several times, she bent over in front of them showing off her round buttocks and inviting cunt. But she never let them touch her slapping their hands away each time. More and more, the two bikers were getting agitated by the merciless teasing. 

 Finally, Maria sat down on the lap of the tattoo-sleeve guy. She started bumping and grinding his lap while pushing her fat round tits into his face. She didn't stop until his cock was about to burst his pants. Then she changed over to the baldhead repeating the lap dance. Still, she continued to slap their hands away each time they tried to touch her. 

 It was a sight to behold. The smoking hot, pimped-up Barbie doll straddling those two rough looking badass bikers, gyrating her hips and humping their laps almost driving them insane. 

 The two men looked like they couldn't take the teasing any longer. They were on the brink to jump up and pounce at the blonde bimbo. The need to grab this teasing whore and punish her for her provocations was overpowering them. 

 Maria could sense the heated up atmosphere. She had achieved her goal. The blonde stopped dancing and walked over to the left side of the stage. There Mark handed her two objects. Then she stepped back in front of the two bikers and gave an object to each of them. 

 Afterwards, the pimped-up bimbo knelt down in between the two chairs. She took the handcuffs and applied one cuff to her right wrist. Then she took the belt off her hips and put it around her neck turning it into a leash. 

 Suddenly, the powerful cop was kneeling obediently on the stage bare naked with a leash around her neck looking all submissive. 

 Addressing the two guys, she told them 

 "C'mon sirs, show this teasing slut who really wears the pants in here!" 

 The two bikers didn't have to be told twice. In a split second they were up on their feet. The tattoo-sleeve guy was faster though immediately grabbing the belt using it as a leash to drag the blonde bimbo to the strip pole. Meanwhile, the bald-headed bull followed behind using his object to spank the Barbie doll's ass making her yelp and crawl faster. 

 Maria had given them enough hints to make them understand what she had planned. Reaching the strip pole, the tattoo-sleeve badass dragged her up onto her feet. Standing between these tall, muscular men with all her charms on display, Maria looked tiny and lost. She had totally turned herself over to them. 

 Baldhead grabbed the handcuffs dangling off Maria's right wrist. Then he pushed her arms up. Above the stage, a pulley had been attached to a beam. Baldhead threaded the chain that connected the two cuffs through a loop in the pulley and applied the second cuff to the blonde's left wrist. Now, she was tied to the pulley above her head. 

 Then Maria was hoisted into the air and lowered back down so that the baton attached to the strip pole entered her pussy. As it stuck out from the pole in a 10 to 15 degree angle, Maria had to stand slightly bend forward to accommodate the stick in her cunt. They carefully adjusted the height of the dildo. As a result, the baton was just inside of her when she was on tiptoes and deeply planted up her cunt when she was flat footed. 

 Maria was about to give the crowd a pole dance fucking herself to the music. And the rhythm of the fucking would be regulated by the two bikers. While the blonde bimbo was standing on her tiptoes, the two bikers presented their objects to the mob. The tattoo-sleeve guy was holding a 'Magic Wand' while baldhead held a 'Violet Wand' in his hand. 

 The Magic Wand was a powerful electric massager. With its strong vibrations, it could drive any women's arousal to new heights. In contrast, the Violet Wand was an electrostimulation toy with a long thin glass tube that glowed purple and shot sparks when it was activated by a button on the handle. The electric shocks were giving short but intense stings. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 17 ****** byCathartico© While the music started playing again, the two bikers started their game. The tattoo-sleeve badass used the buzzing Magic Wand to stimulate Maria and make her gyrate her hips while baldhead used the violet wand to prod her making her twitch and jump around. This way, Maria was taken on a rollercoaster ride of arousal. The vibrator took her to heights of excitement while the stinging shocks harshly brought her back down. 

 Tattoo sleeve guy began running the Magic Wand up the blonde bimbo's sides. This caused Maria to start moaning and swivelling her hips. Her moans turned into groans when he pressed the vibrator onto her nipples and she began humping the baton. Then out of nowhere, baldhead shocked Maria. She grunted and jerked from the electric spark. Thereby, she lost her balance, impaling herself completely on the baton. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh! Ooouuuhhh!" she screamed from the sudden cunt stuffing. 

 The long baton reached deeper down her fuck tunnel than any cock ever before filling her cunt to the max and even hitting against her cervix. So Maria quickly raised herself back up onto tiptoes. 

 But it had given the two bikers a new idea. It became their goal to make the pimped-up bimbo fully impale her pussy on the long stick. So they mixed the stimulation and shocks to throw her out of her rhythm and make her lose her balance. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!" 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" 

 "Ooohhh! Yaaahhh!" 

 The two guys succeeded several times. Each time, Maria screamed out loud. But with every further impalement, the yell sounded more like a cry of pleasure than pain. And every time, the blonde bimbo needed longer to push herself back up onto her tiptoes. All the successful impalements were commented with a round of applause by the crowd. 

 The music started getting faster and the two bikers responded to the rhythm. They began alternating between stimulation and shocking with an ever increasing pace. This caused Maria to hump the baton in high speed fucking herself silly on the stick while her fuck juices began running down its length. It was an obscene dance she was performing on the baton. 

 Pressing the Magic Wand against her clit was particularly effective as it made the blonde Barbie groan and grunt like a wanton animal while squatting up and down the baton like a puppet. 

 The crowd watched the vulgar spectacle in disbelief. It only increased when baldhead started using the Violet Wand on her bubble butt. Each time the sparks connected with her ass cheeks, Maria grunted out and squatted down. Then he held the electro-stimulator against her tiny, little rosebud. 

 "Ah! Ah! Uuuhhh! Ah! Ah! Uuuhhh!" 

 Maria almost went crazy starting to hump the baton in rapid speed while screaming at the top of her lungs. Her intense reaction gave the bald-headed biker another idea. He pushed the thin glass tube into her ass and pressed the button. This way, the sensitive insides of Maria's anal chute got electrified. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh! Aaahhh! Oh! Oh! Uuuhhh!" 

 The blonde's entire body was twitching and shaking uncontrollably. She couldn't stop screaming, yelping and groaning simultaneously. Maria was bobbing up and down like riding an actual horse at a gallop. Her huge, round, overblown melons bounced around in such a wild way they almost jumped against her chin. She was dancing on the stick like a demented doll. By now, she was in her own world of ecstatic pleasure and arousal. 

 Tattoo-sleeve guy reacted holding the Magic Wand to her clit. This way, her most sensitive button was stimulated while her asshole got shocked. And Maria finally had an orgasm. She came so hard, she almost fainted. All through her orgasm, she continued riding the baton hard. 

 When the blonde eventually calmed down her whole body was drenched in sweat. The entire length of the baton was covered with her cunt juices. The two bikers used the pulley to pull her off the stick and lower her down making her kneel on the stage with her hands still tied above her head. Then they took out their cocks. They were so aroused by the show that they only needed a few thrusts in and out of her soft mouth to shoot their sperm all over the kneeling beauty's face. 

 

 

 When the show was finally over, Vanessa's heart was thumbing in her throat. She was more than nervous. She had to admit that Maria's performance had been outstanding. It had been a real spectacle. It had delivered everything the customers could be asking for and more. It had ranged from sexy to kinky, from wicked to downright nasty. 

 This would be more than a challenge for Vanessa. How could she ever outperform this spectacle? It seemed like a task totally out of reach. 

 Vanessa had dared Maria to the slut battle. Now, she had to show her paces and prove her value. She had to do more than step up her game and deliver a top performance. 

 Otherwise, she would only make a fool of herself becoming the club's laughing- stock. She wouldn't be the 'Red Rose Star' any longer but the 'Red Rose Joke' instead. 

 During the week working as Queeny Ho, Vanessa had learned a lot about what guys wanted from a whore. They wanted her to ooze sluttiness and act like a fuck junkie on the prowl that needed lewd and twisted sex as her drug. Still, they also wanted the whore to be obedient letting them handle her like a ragdoll. And most of all, they wanted to push her limits. 

 Vanessa knew that she only had a chance to win the slut battle by demonstrating what a nasty fuckslut she could be. She had to surprise the crowd with her perversity while offering the guys the chance to push her over her limits. 

 

 

 After a short break, it was time for Vanessa to take the main stage. She had decided to allude to every man's favourite fantasy. So she had changed her outfit. She stepped into the spotlight dressed as a schoolgirl – or rather a sexy, naughty school slut. 

 She wore a set consisting of a white blouse, a red plaid pleated miniskirt, white under-knee stockings and 5 inch red high heels. The blouse was so tight it was barely able to hold her luscious ripe melons in place. They almost burst off its upper buttons. 

 The crowd had barely calmed down during the break. Seeing the 'Red Rose Whore' costumed like an innocent little schoolgirl, turned the crowd into an agitated mob again. 

 Vanessa started seductively sucking on a round lollipop until drool was running out of her mouth. With the lolly nice and wet, she used the round candy to run it over her nipples. Thereby, her white blouse got wet and shiny. The material started clinging to her big, juicy funbags. 

 Queeny Ho continued noisily sucking on the lollipop until she had gathered a load of drool in her mouth. Then she let the bubbly spit run out of her mouth. It hung down her lips in a long gooey strand until it tore off and landed on her tits. Rubbing the spit into the white fabric, her nipples started shining through the wet material. 

 To the hollers of the crowd, the ginger whore started pushing her shoulders backwards and arching her back in rhythm to the music. This way, the blouse got strained and tightened around her big, ample juggs. She continued thrusting her voluptuous firm knockers out until the first button burst off the blouse. 

 The mob was going ballistic as they watched the ravishing hot slut shoot a second button into the crowd. It caused her big fat fucktits to spill out of the material by themselves. With the blouse hanging open at the top, Vanessa finally stripped it off and threw it into the mob closely followed by her cotton panties and plaid miniskirt. 

 The redhead squatted down and spread her legs open revealing her shaved pussy. She teased her cunt with the lollipop. She ran the candy up and down her pussy lips before pushing the lolly into her twat. With the stick standing out of her cunt, Vanessa started playing with her tits for a while making her funbags bounce and jiggle for the men's amusement. 

 Watching a sexily dressed schoolgirl with a bruised, fiery red bottom was an extremely hot sight. Watching her act in a naughty seductive way made the guys yearn to jump right onto the stage. They felt the urge to defile her and rob her off her innocence. 

 Vanessa was intent to include all guests in her show – not only two selected guys. She produced an egg vibrator showing it to the crowd. Then she swivelled her hips and slowly pushed the egg into her pussy. 

 A second later, she threw the remote control into the mob, enticing them by telling the men. 

 "C'mon guys, play with your fucktoy! Use your naughty schoolgiiiiirrrrl!" 

 She barely managed to finish her incitement. Instead, it turned into a long groan. The customer that had caught the remote had immediately set it on the highest level. 

 The sudden vibrations were so powerful that they rushed Vanessa off her feet. They shook her entire body throwing her to her knees. The egg in her cunt was buzzing like crazy pushing all of Vanessa's buttons. 

 Ignited by the stimulation, she lost all control over her body. Her hips started moving on their own. Vanessa fell backwards and landed on her back with her legs spread wide. Her hips bucked up and she started humping the air. 

 "Aaahhh!... Fuck! Ooohhh!... Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Vanessa's moans and groans accompanied the dry humping while the redhead started mauling her tits pulling on her silver tit rings in a sensual frenzy. 

 Meanwhile, the customer passed the remote control to another guy in the mob. The men started a game which involved the whole crowd. A guest caught the remote, set the vibrations on a certain level, waited for a few moments and passed it to the next customer. This way, they completely controlled Vanessa's body. Once again, she was a puppet dancing on their strings. 

 The next guy set the vibrations down and Vanessa gained back some control. Intent on giving the guys a great show, she got up onto her feet and began gyrating her hips while leaning forward and massaging her full, round funbags. 

 A moment later, another man pushed the level back up on full power making Vanessa twitch and shake uncontrollably while her fat, ripe fucktits wildly bounced up and down her chest. 

 Just in time, she was able to grab the strip pole before she was swept off her feet once again. With her upper body leaned backwards, her hips instantly started humping the pole. She looked like a naked, big titted slut riding a bucking bull – only that the bull was a vertical bar. The buzzing was so intense that her fuck juices started flowing freely coating the pole in the process. 

 When the next customer got the remote, he lowered the level and Vanessa stopped her frenzied pole humping. Like a good slut, she bent forward and licked her juices off the bar while her angry red bubble butt kept swivelling to the slower rhythm of the vibrations. 

 The crowd enjoyed the power they had over their plaything and teased their fucktoy to the fullest. They loved alternating the level between low and high. One moment, the ginger whore was dancing sensually, the next second she was frantically humping the air. All the while, Vanessa was grunting and moaning uncontrollably. 

 Eventually, one of the bikers started swiftly switching between the extremes – up and down from the highest to the lowest level in rapid turns. Vanessa felt like riding a rollercoaster. The thrill of excitement and arousal was overwhelming. One moment, she was rendered to an incoherently babbling mess. Then she got a second to catch a breath, only to be hit with a new surge of stimulation the next moment. 

 The biker's first switch to the highest level rushed the redhead off her feet again. This time, she simply fell forward landing on her face and big, juicy, D-cup funbags. The rapid vibrations caused her hips to start humping the dirty stage. 

 The mob got treated to an incredibly naughty sight. The scorching hot ginger whore was lying on the stage with her ample knockers bulging out at the sides of her ribcage and her legs spread as far as possible. Her pussyhole stood wide open with her ringed piss flaps hanging down like curtains. Her hips were working in overdrive banging her cunt against the floor over and over again. 

 And finally the dam broke. Queeny Ho orgasmed right on stage. The ecstatic sensations rushed over her like a volcanic eruption starting in her pussy and surging up through her entire body. Her orgasm was so intense that her urethra exploded and she began spurting clear fluid all over the stage. 

 "Aaahhhooohhhaaahhh!" One endless cry of pleasure echoed through the main room of the 'Red Rose Club'. 

 Vanessa kept on squirting and spurting like a fountain. It was such a rush of clear fluid that suddenly the egg vibrator gushed out of her cunt. The guys had never seen a woman orgasm that hard and some of them high-fived each other for making their fucktoy cum like a geyser. 

 

 

 But Vanessa's show wasn't over by far. As soon as she was able to move again, she got back onto her feet and produced a bowl from behind the stage. She was still lightheaded from the orgasm but she was dead set on beating Maria in the slut battle. 

 The bowl was filled with strawberries. Vanessa was about to bring out the big guns in her attempt to beat Maria. She had to bring out her perverted side convincing the guys with her naughtiness and depravity. 

 She picked a handful of the biggest fruits in the bowl and threw them into the crowd. 6 strawberries landed in the hands of several costumers. Then she got down onto her hands and knees and started crawling up and down the edge of the stage. She turned around presenting her bubble butt to the mob. It was still glowing like a red bulb from the whipping she had received before. 

 Vanessa started spreading her ass cheeks apart building a rhythm of opening her buttocks and letting them flip back together. Thereby, her juicy, wet, swollen pussy lips opened and closed, too. As her twat was leaking fuck juices, her cunt made smacking, squishing sounds. In a perverted way, Vanessa's pussy talked to the crowd. And the guys loved the degrading sound of her smacking cunt lips. 

 "Yeah! That's the way a slut should talk!" a guy from the crowd commented the action. 

 Under normal circumstances, kneeling on the stage of a dirty strip club while presenting her pussy to random men and entertaining them with her pussy farts, would have been more than humiliating for Vanessa. But at the moment, she was on a mission to meet a formidable challenge. She was in total slut-mode and there was only one thing on her mind – being the nastiest, debauched slut in town. 

 Vanessa pushed both French manicured index fingers into her asshole and spread her anal ring open. Since Stanton had broken her anal cherry and turned her into a three-hole mare, her sphincter had proven itself as an elastic fuckhole. Guys loved nothing more than fucking the redhead's shitter open and making it gape obscenely. And Vanessa's butthole was a motif of vulgar beauty in regard to gaping. 

 Queeny Ho started finger fucking her ass adding one French-nailed finger after the other until she had four fingers deeply embedded down her anal chute. Pushing her fingers out of her tight asshole, her sphincter opened like a blossoming rose. Her anal muscles were relaxed and ready for the show. 

 "C'mon guys, feed the fruits to your plaything!" she enticed the guys while holding her ass cheeks open letting her asshole invitingly wink at them. 

 Of course, the customers didn't hesitate to follow up on this invitation. The 6 guys stormed up onto the stage, walked past the kneeling slut and sat down on the bar stools that had been placed there in the meantime. 

 On their way, 2 of them even patted Queeny Ho's head treating her like their obedient fuckpet. Their behaviour clearly showed Vanessa that they weren't about to make it easy for the slut. They were out to let the whore work hard to earn their gifts. 

 Vanessa crawled over to the first guy. He was another heavily tattooed member of the biker gang wearing a bandana and cut. Reaching his legs, she slowly and sensually pushed herself up letting her ample, big funbags slide over the guy's lap. She straddled him letting him suck on her nipples and pull on her tit rings for a moment. Then she got off the biker's lap and positioned herself next to him so her bruised, angry red ass was facing the crowd. 

 Bending over with her legs straight, the redhead reached back with her French- manicured hands and spread her ass open getting ready to take the first strawberry. The bandana-wearing biker reacted and placed the strawberry between her buttocks holding it there. It was a fully ripe strawberry that appeared really big in relation to Vanessa's butt. The colour of the fruit was a perfect match to her bright red ass cheeks. The biker didn't proceed to push the fruit inside though. 

 "C'mon slut, fetch your gift!" he exclaimed. 

 He wasn't about to lend the whore a helping hand. Vanessa had to engulf the strawberry on her own. She had to literally bust her ass to fetch the big, ripe fruit. 

 Queeny Ho was still intent on giving a sexy show. So she started bending her knees pushing her butt up and down and thereby running her ass crack along the fruit. She swivelled her hips so her bubble butt circled the strawberry. 

 The biker got impatient though and grabbed Vanessa's big fuckudders dangling off her bent body. He pinched her left nipple and fiercely pulled on the left silver tit ring. 

 "Argh!" the ginger whore yelped in response and began thrusting her ass backwards. 

 Apparently, Vanessa's asshole wasn't as well prepared for those big strawberries as she had thought. The fruit wasn't sliding in easily at all. Her thrusting picked up space until she was bucking back with all her might while spreading her buttocks as far as possible. Although she had fingerfucked her asshole with up to four fingers, her anal ring wasn't loose enough to take the big fruit yet. 

 However, the crowd loved the show of the depraved whore desperately humping a strawberry. It was an incredibly demeaning display and the fact that the ravishing hot slut willingly acted on her own accord only increased the humiliating aspect. 

 "Arrrgggh!" Vanessa yelped when the biker pulled her juggs further down by painfully dragging on the tit ring. 

 He clearly demonstrated his dissatisfaction with her efforts. This was the complete opposite of Vanessa's intent. She had to please the customers! She had to win the slut battle! 

 In a final attempt, the ginger whore pushed her ass backwards in one powerful thrust. But it didn't achieve the desired success. She had tried too hard. Instead of swallowing the strawberry, her ass squashed the fruit. 

 "Look at that!" the bandana-wearing biker exclaimed. "What a clumsy whore! This stupid slut can't even eat a fruit properly!" 

 While his outburst caused a round of laughter from the crowd, it made Vanessa insecure for the moment. She had failed and didn't know how to make it up to the customer. However, the biker took advantage of her indecisiveness and seized control. 

 Pulling roughly on her left nipple ring, he turned Queeny Ho sideways, made her kneel down and draped her upper body over his lap. Now, the naughty schoolgirl was bent over his knee. 

 "Obviously, the slut needs another punishment!" he remarked hinting at the whipping Vanessa had received beforehand. 

 Hearing this announcement, the redhead's eyes snapped open. Her butt was still terribly aching and stinging. The lashes were still burning like fire on her ass cheeks. Her blistered bottom couldn't take another spanking. She began struggling around on the biker's lap. However, the bandana-wearing biker held her tightly on his lap so her desperate struggle was totally in vain only amusing the crowd. 

 "Please sir!" Vanessa begged. "Spare this whore's ass. Give the slut another try. I'll be a good slut for youuuhhh." 

 She didn't even manage to finish her pleads before the biker's hand landed on her fiery red ass making her scream. And the mob erupted with cheers. They loved watching the naughty schoolgirl get punished while struggling in vain. Vanessa's ass went into a bottom-wiggling dance. Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 17 ****** byCathartico© The biker slapped Vanessa's blistered ass 10 times. Each spank felt like a mind-boggling hot flame. He forced the ginger whore to count out each blow and subsequently thank him profusely. Each slap left a white mark on her red glowing buttocks until this white spot turned into even darker shades of red. 

 The act of getting spanked like a badly behaved child in front of an audience was a new kind of humiliation for Vanessa. And thanking the rude guy for teaching her how to become a better slut was even worse. 

 Finally, the spanking was over and the biker pushed the redhead off his lap. Whimpering, Vanessa carefully felt her bruised butt. It was radiating heat and felt like it would never stop hurting again. She wouldn't be able to sit on her bottom for the next days – that much was certain. 

 For a moment, she had forgotten her mission of performing like the nastiest, most perverted fuckslut ever. She wanted this to be over. She was ready to give up. But a retreat wasn't possible anymore. She had gone down the road too far. The remaining 5 customers were expecting her service. They were getting restless. 

 Eventually, the next guy in line couldn't stand waiting any longer. He grabbed Queeny Ho's arm and pulled her up to him. Then he waved the strawberry in front of her face. And this finally snapped Vanessa back into slut mode. The battle wasn't over yet. She had failed with the first strawberry. Still, the customers had gotten a great show watching the naughty schoolgirl get a proper spanking. 

 Putting her most provocative smile back onto her face, she mustered the guy. He was one of the middle-aged, potbellied truckers with a full beard and greasy hair. 

 Vanessa knew that she had to regain the active part. She couldn't risk losing her grip on the crowd. She needed to continue acting like the dirty fuck junkie to win this competition. So she started an enticing trash talk while straddling the trucker. 

 "Did you like watching this slut getting spanked for being such a clumsy whore?" she asked him receiving an affirmative nod in response. 

 "Do you think this naughty whore learned her lesson and will eat your fruit properly?" she continued while grinding her pussy on his lap. 

 "Please sir, open up this whore's ass before feeding her the strawberry!" she finished her trash talk with a plea. 

 Following her words with action, Queeny Ho sank onto her hands and knees next to the bearded trucker, put her face on the ground and stuck her ass high up in the air. 

 "Hmmm!" she purred like a sex kitten when the guy pushed one finger after the other through her anal ring until four fingers were deeply planted up her shitter. 

 "Now feed the slut her gift!" Vanessa demanded while swaying her ass. 

 The bearded man was too entranced by the hot, sexy slut to play any games as the biker had done before. He pushed his fingers out of Vanessa's anal orifice to reveal a wide open gape that beamed at the crowd. 

 Then he held the big strawberry against Vanessa's quivering asshole and started pushing. The trucker was so heated up that he didn't pay any attention to the reaction of the kneeling whore. Instead, he mercilessly pushed and shoved. The strawberry was just as big and ripe as the first one so it still didn't slide in easily. 

 Queeny Ho was commenting the process of getting the strawberry roughly shoved up her ass with her groans. At least, her sphincter was slowly giving way finally swallowing the fruit. Still, the strawberry stretched her anal muscle into new, unknown dimensions. 

 "Ooooooaaaaaahhh!" her moan slowly pitched higher with the strain of getting the fruit pressed inside and her rosette widening. 

 "Oooooouuuuuuhhh!" her groan turned into a sound of relief when the strawberry slipped inside and her anal ring closed back up. 

 "Owww!" was the yelp following the harsh, affirmative slap the bearded trucker gave Vanessa's blistered, red ass cheeks as a goodbye. 

 Vanessa repeated this process 4 more times, giving each guy a short lap dance then kneeling down next to him and enticing him to push the strawberry up her ass. 

 While filling the redhead's bowels with strawberries, the guys weren't too gentle with the depraved slut. All along, the crowd laughed at the stupid whore getting her ass stretched beyond any limit and added dirty comments to the filthy action. 

 "Yeah, tear the stupid ho a new one!" 

 "C'mon, stick the fruits where the sun don't shine! Push'em up her spine until they pop back out of her foul mouth!" 

 "Wow, what a flexible asshole!" 

 "Hehehe, that's no flexible asshole, that's a properly worn-out cockhole!" 

 "Looks like a well broken-in anal whore! You can park a freight train up that ass!" 

 The last guy in line surprised the mob with a new degrading idea. He held the strawberry against Vanessa's asshole ordering her to swallow it. When she reacted by pushing her hips back, he suddenly took the fruit away and the ginger whore humped the air. 

 As the mob spurred him on, he continued his teasing. The crowd loved the humiliating display of the slut desperately bucking the air, futilely trying to fetch the fruit and groaning in despair. 

 He didn't stop his teasing game until Queeny Ho rubbed her big, juicy tits on his leg while panting like a dim-witted, devoted dog and begging for relief demonstrating her obedience. Vanessa felt more humiliated than ever before in the club. She was acting like the lowest pet of the strip joint. And she was doing it on her own accord! 

 Still, that degrading behaviour earned her the final strawberry. Now, all 6 fruits had disappeared down Vanessa's ass pipe. 

 "Oh! Fuck! Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck!" she commented the feeling of fullness. 

 Finished with his task, the final guy remarked sarcastically. 

 "Feeling like a stuffed turkey, whore?" 

 Adding two more spanks to Vanessa's fiery burning buttocks, he made her ass shake and prompted a rushed reply from Queeny Ho. 

 "Yes sir. Thank you gentlemen for feeding the whore properly!" 

 He was right. Vanessa felt as stuffed as never before in her life. Her rectum was literally overstuffed. Her bowels were painfully widened. The pressure caused her bowels to churn and made her moan steadily. Still, the strawberries also tremendously pressed on her sensitive sex nerves powerfully arousing her. 

 The head of the final strawberry was still peeking out of her anal ring and the pressure caused her sphincter to spasm around the fruit in rhythm. The mob watched in awe how the ravishing hot ginger whore was writhing and struggling around with her asshole squeezing the strawberry. 

 Vanessa embraced the feeling. The more used she felt, the more debauched she acted, the closer she got to meeting the challenge. And the thought of being the nastiest slut the customers had ever witnessed turned her on immensely. Her lewd performance had already given her the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced. 

 "Now, shit those fruits out and get yourself a good snack!" the guy ordered. 

 Before he could slap her angry red ass another time, Vanessa hastily started pushing. At once, the mob could see her strained anal ring starting to twitch. They could see the first strawberry slowly inching forward. 

 Vanessa had to strain herself immensely. She was struggling with the task. She had to take a deep breath and push with all her might. Once again, she was panting heavily. 

 Even when the strawberry was half way out, her sphincter was still hugging it with all its might. With one powerful thrust, her butthole finally opened up enough and the fruit shot out. 

 But it was only the first strawberry! There were 5 more to go! 

 Queeny Ho had to continue pushing as powerful as she could. The fruits were deeply planted up her rectum and her rosette didn't let them go easily. With all the squeezing and pressing, the strawberries were tightly getting squeezed by her ass chute and red juice started leaking out of Vanessa's gaping asshole. 

 It was an extremely vulgar and obscene sight. Vanessa's raw, abused anal ring twitched and gaped while a red strawberry filled out the wide open o-ring and red juice oozed out running all over her wet pussy. 

 "Look at that!" some guy in the crowd remarked. "The fucktoy is a great fruit juicer, too." 

 Vanessa had to take a break to catch a breath after each strawberry had popped out of her sore shitter. And after each fruit, her asshole looked more battered and swollen - a sight that only stoked up the crowd even more. 

 The final strawberry was the hardest as it had been pushed deep down her bowels. Eventually, the constant pushing and the steady pressure took its toll. Accidentally, Vanessa lost control of her bladder. Before the strawberry even showed its head at the exit of her wide open o-ring, a yellow piss stream sprayed out of her urethra. The hot yellow spurt explosively sloshed out of her. The piss stream was so strong it made a splattering sound when hitting the ground. Vanessa almost cried from shame when she uncontrollably pissed onto the stage for everyone to see. 

 Finally, the last strawberry popped out leaving all 6 fruits scattered in a puddle of red fruit juice and rancid piss. Immediately, the bandana-wearing biker jumped off his bar stool and grabbed Vanessa's hair using it as the hair- handle. He made her crawl over to the puddle. 

 The fruits didn't look too delicious. Most of them were squashed from her tight anal muscles and were swimming in a stinking mixture of piss and juice. Immediately, Vanessa's face mirrored the disgusting sight. Her hair stood on end but she didn't dare resisting the intimidating biker. 

 Reaching the revolting puddle, he dipped the redhead's face straight into the gross mass. He rubbed Queeny Ho's cheeks through the vile broth making her retch from the yucky smell. Then he ordered her to eat the strawberries off the filthy stage. 

 The crowd looked in disbelief as Vanessa once again behaved like the dim- wittedly devoted and obedient club pet. She picked each strawberry up with her teeth trying to avoid getting in touch with the vile piss and juice mix any further. Still, the fruits were drenched with her piss and had taken on the full anal flavour from her ass. It was a disgusting, yucky mixture that made the ginger whore grimace in disgust. Still, Vanessa gobbled down all 6 fruits entertaining the crowd with some funny faces. However, the biker wasn't satisfied yet. 

 "C'mon fuckslut, be a good whore and drink your fresh ass smoothie!" 

 Despite Queeny Ho's pleading glances, he mercilessly pushed her face back into the vile broth. Vanessa's entire body shuddered when her lips touched the yucky muck and her legs desperately kicked out in despair. But she continued behaving like the obedient club pet. Providing greatest amusement to the crowd, she lapped up the whole stinking puddle accompanied by pitiful gagging sounds. 

 Vanessa couldn't tell what was more degrading - getting used as a urinal by her nemesis Maria or having to lick up her own piss in front of an amused crowd. Anyways, the mixture of fruit juice, rancid piss, anal flavour and filth off the stage was the worst taste she had ever experienced. 

 When she was finally finished with her task, she looked up at the biker. He had a fat grin plastered onto his face. 

 "Bad taste?" he asked with a sarcastic tone. 

 When Vanessa weakly nodded in response he exclaimed. 

 "Let's help you with that!" 

 With that said, he opened his pants and pulled out his erect cock. A second later, the other 5 guys had jumped off their bar stools and formed a circle around Queeny Ho. After Vanessa's sizzling hot performance, they were close to cumming. One dick after the other exploded and the ginger whore was caught in a crossfire of cum. Their gooey cream completely glazed her face like a donut and splattered long strands of white sperm over her heavy juggs. 

 

 

 While the 6 guys stepped off the stage, the music continued and Vanessa scraped the drying cum off her face and tits. She made a show of swallowing every last drop with a smiling face. Any taste was better than the disgusting, gross flavour of the piss and fruit mix. 

 Slowly, her performance was taking a toll on Vanessa and she was feeling exhaustion spreading through her body. But her show wasn't completed yet. She knew she only had a chance against Maria if she topped her show. Maria had only sucked off the two customers so Vanessa had to offer more than that. 

 As the men had loved watching the slut willingly abuse her asshole for their pleasure, she was convinced that they would love the final part of her performance even more. 

 She crawled back to the end of the stage and produced a new object from behind the curtain. Making her way back to the front, she showed the item off to the crowd. It was an inflatable plug. 

 One more time, she got up onto her feet and started dancing sexily to the music. She seductively sucked on the plug. When it was nice and wet, she turned around, bent forward and pushed the plug into her glistening, swollen pussy. 

 "Hmmm!" she purred when her pussy received some well deserved attention. 

 In a display of submissiveness, Vanessa got down onto her hands and knees. She grabbed the pump hanging off the plug, led the tube up to her face and put the pump into her mouth. 

 She started biting down onto the pump slowly blowing up the bulb in her pussy. She looked like a dog fetching a bone when she started blowing up the round plug. Slowly, the display of herself as a dim-wittedly devoted, obedient club pet was becoming the main theme of her show. And each time, it sent a chilling shudder of embarrassment down her spine. 

 The degrading display caused a new stir among the mob. Under their demeaning hollers, Vanessa crawled to the end of the stage, gathered up a few coins and crawled back to the front. 

 Usually, the coins were used as bottle deposits. Now, Vanessa threw the 4 chips into the crowd in order to determine the participants of the final part of her performance. 

 The 4 guys that caught the coins got waved up onto the stage by Vanessa. As soon as they arrived on the platform, she crawled from one to the other letting the pump drop from her mouth into their hands. Then she waited for them to pump up the pussy plug some more. The extreme subservience of the red-headed slut drove the man in the crowd wild. 

 Of course, the 4 participants made good use of the pump vigorously blowing up the pussy plug. Before Vanessa arrived at the final guy, the ballooned bulb already started to show. 

 As the bulb had a round shape, it didn't slip out of her pussy though. It was pumped up way too much by now. Instead, it started expanding her crotch area. With every pump, her puffy cunt lips opened up a little bit further like a curtain getting shoved aside. With every pump, the hugely inflated black plug showed a little bit more. And with every pump, Vanessa had to spread her legs further apart while crawling over the stage. 

 After the final guy had finished blowing up the pussy plug to his taste, Vanessa was constantly moaning and squirming from the pressure. She couldn't even close her legs anymore. It was a ridiculous sight of the 'Red Rose Whore' shakily crawling around with her legs spread so wide her fat fucktits almost touched the dirty ground. 

 Vanessa had felt stuffed beyond belief before with the fruits up her ass chute. But now, her vagina was stuffed even more. It felt like 2 or even 3 fists had been shoved up her cunt. 

 With difficulty, Queeny Ho crawled to one of the bar stools. She sat down on it in the most seductive way placing her feet on the foot rest and letting her curvy ass and expanded crotch hang off the end of the stool. This way, her fuckholes were perfectly positioned for a hard ramming. 

 She had to gulp down before announcing her plan. She knew that it wouldn't be a walk in the park – not after the fruit stuffing she had endured before. 

 But her will to win the slut battle made her game for extreme measures. The chance to prove that she was the nastiest slut around had turned into a turn- on. The more she degraded herself in front of random strangers and the more she let them use her as nothing more than a fucktoy, the more the fire burning between her loins got fuelled. 

 So she addressed the 4 participants telling them in between moans. 

 "Please gentlemen, fuck that plug out of the whore's cunt. Nail her ass until the plug pops out." 

 In order to stir them on even more, she added. 

 "The winner gets to use the fuckwhore for the rest of the night for free!" 

 This caused admiring whistles among the crowd. And the 4 participants couldn't pounce at her fast enough. The fastest guy was one of the regulars. He had positioned himself with his pants around his feet and his erect dick in his hand as soon as she had finished her announcement. 

 The inflated plug closed her ass pipe up tightly. But the fruit stuffing had ripped Vanessa's asshole enough to keep her red o-ring slightly gaping open. So the participant was greeted by a raw, creased rosette invitingly winking at him. 

 The guy didn't dwell on the obscene sight for too long though. Instead, he hammered his straining cock straight through her anal ring and went balls deep in one go. With Vanessa positioned on the bar stool, he was able to ram her ass from atop. This way, his cock pressed against the blown-up pussy plug in a good angle to push the bulb out. Instantly, Vanessa's tightly constricted ass pipe was torn open making her scream and grunt. 

 "Ouuuhhh!... Ah! Ah! Ah! Ouuuhhh!..." 

 After watching Maria's vulgar pole dance and Vanessa's perverse anal show, he was too aroused though. He was only able to ream her ass for a few minutes before his balls boiled over. With a loud grunt his cock erupted and his white gooey sperm coated the insides of Vanessa's bowels. 

 Vanessa looked at him almost disappointedly. But the next cock was up her butt as soon as the guy had stepped away. The dick belonged to one of the college blokes. He was in his twenties and proved to have a lot more stamina using the 'bar stool ass ram position' to its fullest effect. 

 With each hand, he grabbed one of Vanessa's upper arms and pulled them back using them like reins. This way, the ginger whore had to arch her back like a bow causing her full ripe melons to stick out even further from her chest. 

 The young bloke laid his full body weight into each thrust jackhammering her ass like there was no tomorrow. His powerful thrusts made the redhead's fucktits bounce wildly and jiggle up and down. Her vocal reactions commented each stroke with a loud scream in rhythm with the rapid speed of his fucking. 

 The bloke's cock pushed the blown-up plug mercilessly against Vanessa's inner cunt lips. It put an incredible strain on her poor pussy but it gave her twat a completely new feeling. With each thrust drilled down Vanessa's ass pipe, the crowd saw the whore's cunthole opening and closing. Her fuckhole steadily stretched and contracted against the insistent plug. 

 With each stroke in and out of Queeny Ho's twitching anal orifice, the young bloke's dick pushed against the soft inner tissue that separated her pussy and ass. Thereby, the membrane was firmly pressed against the pussy plug. The sensitive tissue was mercilessly grinded like grain in a mill. 

 It was an incredible combination of sensations surging through Vanessa's body. The grinding of the soft tissue, the merciless stretching of her constricted ass chute and the strain from the pussy plug were driving her nuts. It was an extreme mixture of pleasure and pain. A mixture her body had been conditioned to react to with the most ecstatic orgasms Vanessa could achieve. A mixture the redhead loved by now. 

 The ecstatic feelings were overwhelming her reducing her to a steadily moaning doll. If the young bloke hadn't held her arms, she would have slipped off the bar stool. Report_Story #7 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 17 ****** byCathartico© The crowd watched the black circular plug slowly stretching Vanessa's cunt further open. But it was working its way out of the slut's pussy far too slow. The young bloke couldn't keep up his pace forever. Finally, he groaned out while his cock erupted spurting a second load of cum into Queeny Ho's bowels. 

 Watching the depraved spectacle, the final two participants had realized that it was an extremely hard task to fuck the inflated pussy plug out of the whore's cunt. So they made a deal and decided to work on the slut jointly. 

 They grabbed Vanessa's body that was drenched in sweat by now and pushed her off the bar stool. The ginger whore was too weak to resist anyways. Then the two guys positioned the slut with her back on the ground pushing her legs up and placing them on each side of her head. This way, her fuckholes stuck up high in the air. They had put Vanessa into the piledriver position. Now, the crowd had an even better view on the action and they could see that one third of the plug was sticking out of her cunt already. 

 The two guys positioned themselves at each side of her bubble butt. They began alternating their punishing anal attacks. Each guy took a turn ramming his cock into her sore, inflamed asshole for about a minute with full force. When the first guy needed to gather up some new strength, he pushed out and let the other one take over. This went back and forth between the guys over and over again. This way, they could ram the slut's ass with vigorous power without their speed and strength decreasing in any way. 

 The constant anal onslaught was almost too much for Vanessa to take. She was barely conscious by now. She was reduced to a groaning, incoherently babbling mass. The pussy plug opening her cunt caused an ever growing pressure. It increased the pain and ecstatic pleasure notch by notch. 

 The guys taking turns ripping her shitter into bits only needed two turns of assfucking until stars exploded in Vanessa's mind and she was cumming again. By now, she had lost count of her orgasms. 

 "Ugh! Ugh! Yes! Ugh! Yes!" were the only sounds coming over her lips. 

 The guys didn't take notice though simply keeping up their ass hammering while the continuous hard thrusts dragged Vanessa's orgasm out even longer. Their approach turned out promising as the crowd watched the black circle creeping out of Vanessa's cunthole inch by inch. By now, her flaming red twat had stretched almost to the point of releasing the round blown-up plug. 

 The mob could sense the big finale approaching and they started rooting for the two fuckers. With every inch the bulb slid out further, Vanessa's cunt lips started twitching faster. Her pussy was wildly contracting in attempts to fully push the plug out. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!" Vanessa screamed when the plug finally popped out of her cunt with a loud snapping sound. 

 The pressure from her stretched cunt lips was so big that the round plug shot into the air several inches. 

 "Uuuhhh!" the redhead's scream changed into a surprised yelp when the cold air rushed into her wide open pussy. 

 The crowd was treated to a sight of Vanessa's cunt and asshole fighting a battle of the gapes - although her widened pussy won that fight by a mile this time. But overall, both fuckholes were staring wide open at the mob. Each gaping sexhole looked more than sore, battered and worn. 

 Amid the applause of the crowd, both guys' cocks erupted and their cum rained down on the lying slut. When their balls were empty they high-fived each other. They had won free service from the 'Red Rose Whore' for the rest of the night. 

 Finally, Vanessa's slut show had come to an end. 

 

 

 Pavone gave his 'Red Rose Whore' half an hour to gather back her strength before he took to the stage again. He called both contestants onto the stage. Vanessa dressed as the naughty schoolgirl stood on his right side while Maria stood on his left dressed in her police uniform. 

 "Look at those two hot sluts!" he remarked grabbing the hand of each girl and making each one turn a pirouette. 

 "I know, I know! Both look like they stepped right out of any men's wild dream!" he put into words what every guy in the crowd was thinking. "But you have to come to a decision." 

 "What do you think about Blondie's naughty cop show?" he asked for their vote concerning Maria's performance. 

 The hollers and cheers coming from the mob were deafening. Vanessa got more than nervous. This didn't sound too good for her. She couldn't lose a second time to her nemesis! 

 Vanessa knew only too well that her self-esteem wouldn't recover from that humiliation anymore. She had degraded herself to a low, dim-witted club pet today. If she lost this slut battle, she would be this rock bottom fuckpet forever. Pavone wouldn't give her a second chance to win another slut battle. Queeny Ho would be the ordinary cum dump every weekend. 

 "And what do you think about Queeny Ho's gape show?" he asked about Vanessa's performance. 

 The responding noise was earpiercing again. Her heart jumped from joy. At least this wouldn't be a rout. 

 But Pavone wasn't happy. Both times, the noise had been equally loud. Obviously, most of the guys had screamed both times. 

 "C'mon guys! Make a decision!" Pavone reminded the crowd. 

 "What's going on?" the bandana-wearing biker suddenly interrupted Pavone. 

 He was just walking back into the club wondering about the noise. Together with some other bikers, he had smoked a cig outside of the club so he had missed the first vote. 

 "It's time to decide about the winner of the slut battle!" the club owner explained the noise to the biker who turned out to be the president of the motorcycle club. 

 "I ask one more time and this time everybody only screams once!" Pavone laid down the rules for the second round of the voting. 

 This time, he asked about Vanessa's show first and the affirmative shouts were a lot less noisy. The entire biker gang wasn't cheering at her. All the bikers were looking at their president. It was his decision. It felt like someone stabbed Vanessa in the heart. She had served the club president so well. She had been convinced that she had earned his vote. 

 The bandana-wearing biker was weighing his head making up his mind. Finally, he nodded and started hollering for Vanessa. Immediately, the whole gang joined in and the cheers grew a lot louder. 

 The vote for Maria's performance didn't stand a chance without the support of the large group of bikers. Vanessa had won the slut battle. 

 "So we have a winner!" Pavone exclaimed. "Our local slut didn't wreck her fuckholes for nothing! The winner is Queeny Ho!" 

 Vanessa couldn't believe it. She hadn't expected a victory anymore. She felt like she had just won the Super Bowl. This win might be a little less significant. But for Vanessa it meant just as much. At least, it could be regarded as her Slut Bowl. 

 She couldn't help looking triumphantly over to Maria. The upset and annoyance was clearly written over the bimbo's face only making Vanessa's victory so much sweeter. She had put her pretentious former best friend into her place. Suddenly, the nasty, degrading performance felt worth the effort. 

 Maybe, she wasn't the office-slut anymore. But that didn't matter anymore. She was the best fuckslut in town. She was not only the 'Red Rose Whore', she was the 'Red Rose Star'. Pavone could bring along one famous pornstar after the other. Vanessa was still the local favourite outperforming each one of those wannabe Barbies. 

 While Vanessa was celebrating her victory, Pavone turned to Maria. 

 "Well, seems like we just elected a new cum dump." 

 Maria looked at him in pure horror and disbelief. 

 "No, no, no! You can't do that!" she shouted at him. "I'm the famous pornstar here! I'm the special guest star!" 

 Pavone didn't care about her outburst though. While the pimped-up Barbie continued ranting at him, Mark led her off the stage, put her onto her knees in front of the platform and chained her to the strip pole. He even wrote the word 'CUM' onto the blonde bimbo's forehead and the word 'DUMP' over her huge, round fucktits with red lipstick. 

 "You still have a price to pay!" Pavone then turned his attention back to the celebrating Vanessa. 

 "Those two winners of your little contest are eagerly waiting for their free slut." he reminded her of her plight while pointing over to the two guys sitting at a table. 

 Although Vanessa was more than exhausted and her fuckholes felt sore, it was a price she was more than willing to pay. With the elevating feeling of success, Vanessa strutted over to the two men. She hadn't gotten a close look at them while they had fucked her. 

 When she finally reached their table, she smiled at them seductively. Eying both men, one of them looked familiar. She knew him from somewhere. But she couldn't exactly pinpoint who he was. 

 He was a middle-aged guy with a receding hairline and a prominent paunch. Altogether his whole appearance gave off the impression of a typical hillbilly brute. 

 "Hello sweetie!" he greeted her with a chuckle. "Ain't it funny? Just wanted to have a beer on a weekend's night out and I end up with a smoking hot slut to my service for free!" 

 "And not just any slut!" he continued while Vanessa was getting increasingly uneasy from his sarcastic chuckles. "It turns out to be the posh, arrogant bitch teasing me with her sexy ass every time she walks in and out of the country club." 

 And at last, the penny dropped. Vanessa's mouth gaped wide open in awe when she realized that this brute bully was no less a person than the security guard from the country club. She hadn't recognized him because she had never seen him without his uniform yet. 

 "Now that I know Miss Arrogance's dark secret, we're gonna have lots of fun!" the security guard remarked grinning like a Cheshire cat while Vanessa's world stopped turning from shock... 

 

 

 *to be continued...* 

 *The security guard makes full use of his knowledge jeopardizing Vanessa's lady self.* Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 18 ****** byCathartico© It was Wednesday night and Vanessa was working her shift in the 'Red Rose Club'. It was a good night and she was in full slut-mode. Her latest john was just leaving after giving her an extra tip for her exceptional service. The flame-haired beauty stood at the bar with a smile across her face while she took a short break sipping on a glass of water. 

 When her eyes fell onto the clock, her smile turned into a sour expression. She hastily grabbed a bottle of beer and a cigar from behind the counter before she tottered to the backdoor in her pink platform ankle boots. 

 Today, her club outfit was nothing more than a tacky excuse of clothing. It was a mini strapless dress with a zipper front. The cut was so low that her round, juicy melons almost tumbled out. And the hem was so high that her ass cheeks peeped out underneath. The sides of the mini dress were studded with triangular cutouts. All in all, her outfit didn't leave much to the imagination. The bright pink colour gave the outfit the special skanky touch. Even her lips were painted bright pink and extremely glossy. The glaring colour stood in stark contrast to her dark red hair making Vanessa look as cheap and trashy as possible. 

 The backdoor let directly onto the club's parking lot. Before Vanessa stepped out of the door, she braced herself by taking a deep breath. She pushed the beer bottle down her cleavage so that it got stuck between the tight fabric of the mini dress and her massive juggs. She pulled the hem of her pink dress up and thrust the fat cigar into her pussy. Then she clasped her hands behind her head and flexed her back. Finally, she was prepared to step onto the parking lot. 

 It was time to meet her special customer. He came to the club every Wednesday at this hour and expected Vanessa to greet him at his car. The ginger slut had to walk to the opposite end of the parking lot to reach an old, rusty pickup truck. The whole lot was lined with junk. She even had to sidestep some bulky garbage on her way. 

 The stunning redhead was doing an awkward walk as she had to scuttle forward with her back flexed and her legs spread. She had to be careful to keep the bottle from dropping out of her top and the cigar from slipping out of her pussy. But she wasn't allowed to use her hands to hold them tight. 

 With every step, the stogy slipped out a bit further. She tried her best to squeeze her pussy muscles and hold on to the cigar. But to no avail. Halfway across the parking lot, it was about to slide completely out. Vanessa frantically looked around the place. The ginger slut caught sight of a cast- off, rusty bed frame. The bedstead had been propped against the wall. She thrust her crotch out and tried to press the cigar end onto the frame to push the stogy back up her snatch. She failed miserably as the cigar slipped off. 

 Vanessa had to hump the bed frame repeatedly. Each time, she only managed to push the cigar a few inches up her cunt. It was such a cringe-worthy act that it made her grunt noisily from embarrassment. She had to grind her snatch five times against the bed frame until her cunt muscles had regained their tight grip on the stogy. The flame-haired beauty couldn't believe that she was voluntarily humping a nasty, rusty bed frame in a public parking lot. But she couldn't bear disappointing a customer. 

 When she finally reached the truck, Vanessa positioned herself in front of it and waited for the driver to step out. She had to stand underneath the bright club illumination presenting the cigar and beer bottle and showcasing her tits and pussy in the process. It was late in the evening and there were plenty of cars cruising through the redlight district. People were either on their way back home from the strip clubs and sleazy bars or roaming the streets for a quick fuck. The ravishing slut with her obscene whore-decorations was completely bathed in the club lights. She was on full display. In the dark night, she stood out like an illuminated advertising. So she easily attracted the attention of the drivers. 

 The special customer took his time. The wait seemed to last forever. Plenty of cars honked making the ginger slut shiver with embarrassment. Several drivers pulled over, winded down their side windows, and hollered at the bold whore. 

 Finally, the guy got out of the truck. It was Roy Tucker, the security guard from the country club who had discovered Vanessa's secret 'Red Rose Whore' identity during the slut-battle against Maria. 

 Several weeks had passed since that Saturday night. Ever since, Tucker used his knowledge to blackmail Queeny Ho. Each Wednesday, he visited the 'Red Rose Club' at the same time and Vanessa had to entertain him for a full hour. She loathed these meetings. But it was the price she had to pay for his silence. 

 He knew that there was nothing Vanessa feared more than being exposed as a cheap, common whore in the country club. This club was the place where she lived out her posh, arrogant lady-self. This club acted as the counter weight to the "Red Rose Club" keeping her in balance. This club was her meeting spot with Steve. Her entire reputation as 'Miss Arrogance - the queen bee of the country club' would be destroyed by Tucker revealing his knowledge to any member. 

 Pavone had agreed to these special Wednesday meetings. He didn't care who fucked the slut as long as he paid the full price for the one hour service and a special tip for the public use. He called it a perfect example of customer loyalty and even used Tucker as a figurehead of a satisfied customer to advertise the slut-battles. 

 Obviously, Tucker had decided to make full use of his free ticket and increase the humiliation factor. Last Wednesday, he had given Vanessa specific instructions how to greet him from now on. 

 These orders were the reason why the ginger slut stood in the bright lights of the parking lot. By now, her public display was not only causing a commotion on the street, the guests inside the club had taken notice and gathered at the backdoor. A whole crowd had come together to watch the slut's public disgrace. 

 When Tucker finally stepped out of his truck, the smoking hot redhead turned a pirouette presenting her inviting curves. She opened the zipper and exposed her big, ringed funbags. She had to tightly squeeze her massive boobs to hold the beer in place. The sudden striptease made the crowd cheer and whistle. 

 Tucker grabbed the cigar and pulled it out of her pussy. Vanessa quickly reacted and opened her mouth. He pushed the stogy between her lips making her suck all her cunt juices off. Only after she had cleaned it extensively, he lit the cigar. 

 Tucker puffed on it for a few moments giving the spectators the chance to ogle Vanessa's tits and pussy. The line of cars passing by and honking seemed endless. With each hoot, her embarrassment increased another notch. A pimped pickup truck made a direct u-turn and drove straight onto the parking lot. It came to a halt next to Tucker's truck. Four young guys stepped out and whistled admiringly. They were obviously sloshed and too drunk to walk straight. 

 "Hey, can we get a feel of those bodacious tatas?" one of them slurred. 

 Tucker simply nodded. He yanked the beer out of Vanessa's cleavage, leaned back against his truck and watched the four young drunks surround the flame-haired knockout. Their hands groped her slender body. Of course, her full, ripe melons and juicy pussy were their prime targets. 

 Vanessa's face was flushed with shame. She was barely able to keep still. She felt like a piece of cattle getting inspected. She was used to show her assets to the club guests. But presenting her charms to random passers-by and getting groped in the open street felt embarrassing as hell. 

 She yearned for Tucker to take action. Finally, he shooed the young guys away and wedged the beer bottle back between her voluptuous knockers. With his free hand, he grabbed Vanessa's dark red hair. He pushed the ginger slut down making her kneel on the cold, dirt-stained concrete. 

 "Crawl back into the club, fucking bitch!" he instructed. 

 Vanessa opened her mouth to protest. Crawling across the junk-strewn parking lot was the last thing she wanted to do. Before she had a chance to utter a word, Tucker emphasised his order by kicking Vanessa's butt. It immediately stifled any protest. With a whimper, the smoking hot redhead began crawling over the coarse concrete. It wasn't easy to crawl with her back straight while cupping her voluptuous juggs and pressing them together to hold the bottle in place. She crawled as fast as she could while Tucker walked next to her puffing on his cigar in a totally laid-back manner. 

 Vanessa wasn't fast enough for his taste though. So he kicked her ass again. The ginger slut almost fell forward and dropped the bottle. She winced out loud again. Publicly crawling across a dirty, junk-strewn parking lot while holding a bottle with her tits was humiliating enough but getting her ass kicked was even worse – especially as she was getting watched by a horde of horny guys. She tried her best to keep up with Tucker's pace but received two more boots to the butt. 

 The club guests had formed two lines in front of the backdoor. The ginger slut had to crawl right through the corridor between these lines to get inside the club. Of course, the customers exploited this situation. Vanessa didn't have a chance to protect herself from the grope attack. She felt an innumerable number of hands on her juggs and ass cheeks. Everyone tried to paw at the slut's fucktits or slap her butt. Some of the guests became so bold that they gave her another kick in the ass. The only thing that kept her from tumbling over was the hands fondling her boobs. 

 There was a loud chorus of cheers and whistles when she had finally made it inside. Tucker didn't stop though. Instead, he walked straight to Vanessa's whore room. 

 

 Arriving in the small, shabby room, Tucker immediately slumped into the old, scuffed recliner. Once again, he yanked the beer out of Vanessa's cleavage and kept it for good. 

 Vanessa knew what he expected of her. Her face turned beet red when she slipped a bundle of dollar notes out of the waistband of her pink thong and counted the bills. Then she put enough bills onto the table to pay for an hour with the 'Red Rose Star'. 

 It was one of Tucker's most beloved humiliations. Pavone insisted on getting his money and Tucker refused to pay himself. So he made Vanessa pay her own hard earned cash to get used by a guy she deeply despised. She was still paying off the disciplinary fee to SEP and Mark controlled the cash she got from Pavone. So she didn't have much money left to spend on her precious fashion clothes and designer accessories. It only made it hurt that much more to pay this lowlife sleazebag of a security guard for fucking her. 

 "Always nice to use you, bitch!" he smirked when Vanessa handed the money over to him. 

 While he took another sip from his beer, she started dancing in front of him. The slender, big-titted beauty gyrated her hips and shook her round butt for Tucker's viewing pleasure. 

 From time to time, the ginger slut bent forward and stuck her curvy ass into Tucker's face. She remained in this position until the security guard spilled some beer over her ass cheeks. Each time, Vanessa shuddered from the sticky feeling on her backside but picked up her dance nonetheless. The beer got her ass wet and shiny so it looked even juicier than before. The jiggling, glistening butt cheeks were an extremely inviting sight. 

 Tucker didn't move though. Instead, he simply kept on puffing his cigar and enjoying his beer. Vanessa knew that he expected some nastier action from his perverted fuckslut. 

 "Get on the bed, bimbo bitch!" Tucker confirmed her assumption. 

 The stunning redhead quickly obeyed. She stripped off the dress. Now, she was naked except for the pink thong. She got on all fours kneeling down onto the cum-stained mattress. Her round, wet ass cheeks seductively winked at Tucker. 

 "Look at that! Queeny made a mess in her panties, you stupid bitch!" he pointed out the wet spot in her thong. 

 Ever since Tucker had found out that she was no posh lady but a cheap hooker acting like a decadent diva, the security guard enjoyed mocking her with the nickname that was prominently tattooed onto her lower back. It only reminded Vanessa of all the things she had to lose if she disobeyed him. 

 "Time to strip'em off! Rip those panties off with your mouth!" he ordered. 

 Vanessa turned around and sat down onto her ass. She looked at the security guard with a confused expression on her face. He was right. Her pussy was dripping wet. The public disgrace had heated her up. But did she take his point correctly? For a moment, she didn't know what to do. 

 "Get cracking, queeny!" Tucker barked impatiently. "Snatch those panties with your slutty mouth!" 

 Vanessa hadn't misheard. Still, she had no clue how to fulfil his order. The ginger slut closed her eyes. The security guard knew exactly how to degrade her. Not only did she have to pay to get used by him, now she had to abuse herself for his amusement. She only knew too well that this mistreatment would not only hurt but also turn her pussy into a lava stream. A fact that was even more embarrassing. 

 Hesitantly, she grabbed the pink waistband and pulled the sides up giving herself a wedgy. Meanwhile, she bent her head down trying to grasp the thong with her teeth. She failed. She wasn't able to hunch enough. 

 "Hurry up, queeny!" Tucker edged her on. "Are you too dumb to strip off some panties, you stupid cow?" 

 Vanessa gathered all her power and tugged on the thong again. She pulled her panties up as high as possible. The bottom front got bunched up into a thin string. It split her cunt lips and dug painfully tight into her soft, sensitive pussy. 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" Vanessa shrieked. 

 Her poor pussy felt like it was getting stabbed. The stinging pain was unbelievable. She was close to tears. Still, the flame-haired knockout had a task to fulfil. She had a reputation to defend. She couldn't afford to fail. So she hunched and bit down. This time, she caught hold of the thong! 

 "Ouh! Ouh! Ouh!" the redhead squealed. 

 The pressure on her pussy was almost unbearable. Her snatch assumed an angry red colour. The thin strip mercilessly spread her pussy apart and showed off every little detail. Her pubic mound looked like a deep crevice that was cleft by a thin, pink river. 

 Her hunched posture was so uncomfortable that Vanessa couldn't hold it for long. She pulled her head up while keeping the waistband between her teeth. This increased the strain on her cunt so much that her ass was lifted off the mattress. 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" Vanessa shrieked and the thong slipped out of her mouth. 

 With tears in her eyes, the ginger slut bent her head again. With one mighty drag, she gave herself another extreme wedgy. 

 "Ouh! Ouh! Ouh!" she was babbling with anguished cries by now. 

 But she continued pulling until she managed to snatch the panties with her teeth again. She began lifting her head causing the string to dig even deeper into her delicate cunt and pull tightly against her sensitive clit. Her butt frantically bounced around on the mattress. It looked like her crotch was humping the bunched up string. Vanessa performed a wild dance for Tucker. 

 All the time, the security guard remained slumped in the recliner with his beer and cigar. He was totally relaxed while watching the obscene show in front of his eyes. From time to time, he laughed out loud amused about another convulsive move of Vanessa's twisting body. 

 The flame-haired knockout felt faint. The pain and pressure became intolerable. But every stab on her clit also caused an electric jolt in her loins. She couldn't believe how much this self-degradation aroused her – especially as it was happening in front of the loathed security guard. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!!!" 

 Vanessa jerked her head back as far as she could and gave a final powerful tug. 

 RATCH 

 The lacy fabric gave way and ripped. The tear started near the top of the left side and went down to the crotch area. 

 "Aaaooohhh!" Vanessa let out a loud grunt. 

 It started as a gasp of relief and ended as a groan of lust - a fact that didn't stay unnoticed with Tucker. 

 "Hehehe! Who's enjoying this more – you or me?" he teased her. "Show me what a horny slut you are and make yourself cum!" 

 Vanessa groaned out again. Her poor snatch didn't get a second to recover. She spread her legs as wide as possible to present her unclad, ringed pussy. Her cunt glowed in angry red colour. But it also glistened wetly. 

 The flame-haired beauty threaded the red-nailed index and middle finger of her left hand through the silver pussy rings and spread her cunt lips open revealing her inner pink flesh. Then she drove two fingers of her right hand into her puffy cunt. 

 "Mmmhhh!... Fuck!... Ooohhh!..." she started moaning immediately. 

 On Tucker's command, she added two more fingers. Her pussy lips tightly grasped the four fingers when she started driving them in and out while rubbing her thumb over her delicate clit. 

 Almost her entire hand was up her pussy. She felt so full and stretched. But at least, her yearning cunt got stuffed with something. It felt so good that she started pounding her fingers deep into her fuckhole with forceful thrusts. Each stroke made a slurping sound and lifted her ass off the mattress. Even her thighs began twitching from the strain. 

 Meanwhile, Tucker finished his beer. Vanessa was so focused on her own pleasure that she didn't even notice. He stood up and walked over to the bed. There, he grabbed the redhead's hand and pushed it out of her dripping gash. The four fingers slipped out with a loud slurping noise. 

 "C'mon queeny!" Tucker scoffed. "Let's stretch out that snatch!" 

 Vanessa looked down between her legs. She couldn't believe her eyes. Tucker had inverted his arms and pressed the knuckles of each hand tightly together. He had formed a spear with eight fingers. The ginger slut fully expected to be impaled right then and there. But he simply held his hands in front of her cunt and waited. He didn't move at all. 

 By now, Vanessa was in a dazed state of mind. The degradations in the parking lot and the rough treatment by Tucker had awakened a sexual craving that had grown into a burning urge. The lust in her loins was driving her crazy. Right now, she was willing to do anything to add more sensations to her yearning cunt. She didn't even care any longer that she was giving her best to please the loathed security guard. 

 "Aaahhh!... Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!... Argh! Oh! Argh!" 

 Vanessa broke out into a litany of screams when she lifted her crotch and speared her poor, yearning pussy. She engulfed Tucker's eight fingers with her warm flesh. Her cunt lips got stretched beyond their limits and the redhead felt more than overstuffed. Tucker even opened his hands. It caused a feeling like a huge wedge was driven up her cunt. 

 Under the pressure, Vanessa began kicking her legs like a baby. The flame- haired beauty went wild on the bed. She rapidly opened and closed her legs and frenetically pushed her ass up and down the mattress. All the while, she screamed her lungs out. 

 Despite her struggles, she was merciless to her pussy. She was in a sexual frenzy and couldn't stop anymore. She worked her cunt like never before and gave her snatch a superior reaming. 

 Upping the tease, Tucker pulled his fingers out of Vanessa's yearning cunt. She whined and strained to reach it. She desperately needed her gash stuffed. 

 "Ooohhhh!" Vanessa sighed when Tucker shoved his eight fingers back up her dripping fuckhole. 

 She humped the spear for a couple more minutes until her shrieks turned into one long cry of pleasure. She slumped down onto the bed. A mind-blowing orgasm overwhelmed her. The electric jolts exploded all over her body and left her unable to move. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 18 ****** byCathartico© While the flame-haired knockout panted for breath, Tucker's fingers slipped out of her pussy. A breeze of cold air rushed into her wide open fuckhole. The sudden chill abruptly stopped Vanessa's orgasm and cut it short. It had been a tremendous wave of pleasure but it had been too short. The fire was still burning in her loins. The ginger slut still craved to get her cunt filled. 

 She threw her legs up to her face and reached around either side of her ass. She pulled her ringed pussy lips apart presenting her angry red snatch in its full glory. She wanted Tucker to thrust his cock up her pussy. 

 "Please sir, this cunt is leaking for you." she begged the security guard. "Please sir, fuck this wet hole!" 

 But Tucker didn't react to her pleads. Instead, he grabbed her hair and turned her around so she was kneeling in doggystyle in front of him. 

 "You want that pussy stuffed, you greedy bitch?" he asked and Vanessa quickly nodded. "Then show me what this cunt can take!" 

 Vanessa instantly reacted to this challenge. She was in such an aroused state that she was completely driven by her lust. The flame-haired beauty pushed her face into the dirty, cum-stained mattress and stuck her ass high up into the air. Then she reached back with her red-nailed hands. She pressed her knuckles tightly against each other and folded her hands back. This way, she imitated Tucker's spear and drove eight fingers up her snatch in one go. 

 Her thrust was so powerful that it pushed the air out of her lungs and dragged her body forward a few inches. Her fingers went deeper than Tucker's had ever been. For a few seconds, the redhead was out of breath. Only then, the pressure of the immense stretching registered in her mind making her squeal. 

 Tucker laughed about the lewd display in front of his eyes. Vanessa was left totally helpless with both arms stretched behind her back and both hands deeply buried in her own fuckhole. She basically looked like a corded parcel. There was only one way for her to move at all. She had to thrust her hands up her cunt like a piston to drag her body forward. 

 "C'mon queeny bitch, haul that slutty ass over to this side!" he instructed her after he had walked around the bed to the opposite side. "Give your cunt a major workout!" 

 Vanessa didn't need another request. The thought of dragging her body over the mattress by pumping her pussy sounded incredibly degrading. But it was exactly the treatment her body craved in its aroused state. 

 She pulled her eight fingers out of her pussy until the red-nailed fingertips were all that remained inside her fuckhole. Then she gave another mighty push. She grunted and her body edged forward another notch. 

 With Tucker holding his cock in his hand at the other end of the bed, it looked like he was dangling a carrot in front of her face. And that carrot obviously was a force of attraction for the 'Red Rose Whore'. It had to be so valuable for her that she was mercilessly slaving away at her pussy to get her slutty mouth on the stick. Vanessa felt like she had been reduced to a plain cock junkie. 

 She quickly put up a rhythm of pumping her poor, overstretched pussy like a piston. With each thrust, her body got dragged ahead and the ginger slut grunted along. She groaned as much from the effort as from the sensations on her cunt. Still, each thrust only pushed her body forward a few inches. So it took her endlessly to move over to the other side of the bed. 

 Tucker had a ball watching his queeny bitch work her ass – or rather her pussy – off to reach his cock. It took her almost five minutes and she had to take several breaks to catch her breath. It was a huge effort but eventually she made it. Finally, her lips were on his cock. 

 SLAP 

 Vanessa received an appreciatory slap to her ass. Tucker then turned her body around treating her like a plain object. As a result, she presented her stuffed, leaking pussy to him. Tucker pulled his hard cock out of his pants. He hadn't gotten any release yet and he was about to change that. He ran his cock up and down her crack and moistened his cockhead with some pussy juice. Then he positioned his cock at the wrinkled entrance to her backdoor. 

 Vanessa trembled nervously. Her asshole had already seen some action today. But with eight fingers up her cunt, her ass had tightened back up for good. She was so stuffed there was barely any space left. She didn't dare to pull her hands out though. Instead, she tried to brace herself for the oncoming anal attack. 

 "Umph!" she grunted when Tucker finally drilled his cock through her sphincter. 

 The impact was so forceful that Vanessa's entire body got pressed into the mattress. Tucker immediately began pounding the redhead's tightly compressed ass chute. He hammered his cock up her ass pipe at full tilt. Her helpless, constrained body bobbed up and down the mattress with each thrust to the squeaking sounds of the old bedsprings. 

 "Ooohhh! Fuck!... Uuuhhh! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Vanessa was reduced to a babbling mass of flesh. 

 Tucker exploited the redhead's helplessness and grabbed her hair. He pulled it back and used it like reins. This way, he was able to pull the ginger slut's body back and ream her ass even harder. 

 She was so tied up that she was left immobile and totally at Tucker's mercy. She could do nothing but take the anal pounding. The flame-haired beauty was shoved around the mattress at the security guard's will. The defencelessness in combination with the stretching of her cunt and plugging of her ass created a raging whirlwind of excitement inside of her. She was reduced to utter animalistic grunts. It was too much for her to handle and another huge orgasm erupted in her loins. She couldn't control herself any longer so her body trembled and rocked around the mattress. 

 She barely noticed Tucker pulling his cock out of her asshole and turning his queeny bitch onto her back. A second later, he sprayed an enormous wad of white, creamy cum all over her face and chest. She remained lying on the bed when he left the room. Her entire body was drenched in sweat, her ass was sticky with dried beer, and her chest and face were glazed with gooey spunk. Tucker had turned her into a sticky, smelly mess of human waste. But he had also put her body into a state of ecstasy. She had received a massive workout and was left wrecked. Fortunately, it was late in the night and no other customers were waiting to fuck the whore. 

 

 The Wednesday meetings with Tucker stood in stark contrast to the remaining week at the 'Red Rose Club'. Vanessa's career as the 'Red Rose Whore' was at an absolute peak. After winning the slut-battle several weeks ago, she had become the talk of the town among men. Every guy was raving about the ravishing knockout that acted like the dirtiest slut ever. Each day, the 'Red Rose Club' was bursting at the seams with customers. 

 Along with her reputation, the treatment by the customers had changed too. She wasn't their human cum dumpster any longer. Instead, they treated her like a superstar - the only girl able to fulfil their darkest sexual fantasies. 

 Vanessa felt more admired than ever before. She truly felt like a star. Every time she stepped into the 'Red Rose Club', an elating feeling swept over her body. A feeling she wouldn't want to miss anymore. All she craved for was to deliver some nasty performances for her customers to further increase her stardom. She simply loved the admiration and attention she aroused. 

 Pavone had decided to cash in on Queeny Ho's new popularity. Each day, Vanessa opened the night with a strip show. Then Pavone held an auction. Each round, a different service was on the line and customers had to make bids to fuck the whore. Some services were particularly popular and caused fierce bidding wars between the johns. 

 Saturday had become the official night of the 'Slut-Battle'. Some pornstar was invited and a show-off between the two sluts was staged. Each one performed a sex show to prove what a nasty, depraved fuckwhore she was. And after both shows, the audience voted the winner. Those 'Slut-Battles' had become immensely popular. By now, tickets had to be bought in advance. In return, each ticket owner was allowed to fuck the winning whore after the show-off. As a result, Saturdays turned into nasty gangbangs more often than not for Vanessa. 

 Her new superwhore-status had even caught Stanton's attention. SEP didn't use her as the office whore any longer as Maria was performing the job of motivating the six partners. But they had found another way to use Vanessa. The dust over the newspaper report had settled so they made good use of her new popularity. They utilized the ginger slut as a deal-sweetener for new clients. Every time they closed a deal, she was offered as a signing bonus and had to meet the clients on her free Friday evenings. 

 

 Apart from her live as hooker, she made great progress with Steve. The two were meeting regularly by now. There was definitely more than a flirt going on between them. 

 The next Monday, they had been shopping all afternoon long. Vanessa had gone for a look that was elegant and sexy at the same time. She wore a combination of an anthracite v-necked blouse and anthracite knee-high skirt with a broad, black belt around her hips. 

 Steve had proven his generosity and bought some elegant designer outfits for Vanessa. She had a few hours left before her shift at the 'Red Rose Club' was about to start. So they decided to have a nice dinner at the country club. 

 On their way to the clubhouse, Vanessa remembered her previous run-ins with Tucker at the club. She had come into conflict with him over and over again. She couldn't help it but his lecherous, brute hillbilly behaviour simply drove her up the wall. 

 Vanessa had to admit that she had been a pain in the ass whenever she had run into him. She had always been intent to let him feel the full extent of her overbearing arrogance and prove her superior status. With a shudder, Vanessa realized that this wasn't the case any longer. Her status to Tucker had been completely reversed. By now, she was nothing more than his playtoy. Fortunately, he hadn't approached her in the country club yet. He was too clever to risk his leverage for a quick relief in the club. He was intent to use her as long as he could. 

 

 When Steve and Vanessa arrived at the entrance, they had to stop the car at the barrier. As always, a guard was sitting inside the security booth. He had to control their membership cards before opening the barrier and letting them in. 

 Today, Tucker was sitting in the booth. He didn't show any reaction when Steve stopped the car and handed their cards over to him. 

 "Excuse me Ma'am," he suddenly addressed Vanessa. "There seems to be a problem with your card. We have to issue a new one." 

 Vanessa immediately blushed. She instantly understood his intention and it made her shiver. He was up to something! She felt panic welling up inside of her. Somehow, she had to make sure that Steve wouldn't notice anything! Her mind was running wild but her nervousness kept her from thinking straight. Time was running out on her. 

 "This will take some time." Tucker suddenly told Steve. "You can go ahead and drive inside. Mrs. Laren will follow in a few minutes." 

 Steve nodded. He didn't suspect anything unusual. He simply arranged with Vanessa to wait for her in the lounge. The moment Steve's car was out of sight, Tucker's behaviour changed abruptly. 

 "Inside, queeny!" he barked at her. 

 Hesitantly, Vanessa looked around to check if anyone else was watching. She knew that there was no sense in arguing with that mean bastard. And his voice clearly told her that he didn't allow any objections. 

 With her heart beating in overdrive, she stepped into the cubicle. For a security booth, it was a rather large room as it offered a work space for two guards. As soon as Vanessa had stepped inside, Tucker let the shudders down and put a sign on the door that read 'Back soon'. On the one hand, this calmed Vanessa down a bit as no one would be able to take a look inside. On the other hand, it clearly told her that nothing good was coming at her. She was at a loss. She didn't know what to do. Five seconds later, this problem was solved when Tucker yelled at her. 

 "Down on all fours, fucking bitch!" 

 Vanessa had been out shopping for fancy clothes. She was standing in the country club. She was in full lady-mode so she wasn't able to control her first impulse. Her contempt for the fat, potbellied hillbilly set in. 

 "Shut the fuck up, you sleazy lowlife!" she snarled at him. "Don't talk to me like that in the country club!" 

 Of course, this outburst of disobedience didn't go well with Tucker. In a heartbeat, he was up on his feet towering over the flame-haired beauty. He grabbed her hair and roughly pulled her down onto her knees. He yanked her blouse open causing her luscious juggs to fall out and pushed the hem of her skirt up to expose her naked bottom. 

 It all happened so fast, Vanessa didn't stand a chance to react. She was too staggered to fight back. So she simply followed Tucker when he started to walk around the security booth. He used her hair like a leash leading Vanessa on all fours like his dog. 

 "You love acting like the biggest bitch ever, don't you? You love showing us staff members what a posh lady you are, right? You love getting on our tits!" he stated. 

 "You wanna be a bitch? From now on, you'll be my bitch – my dirty dogbitch!" he exclaimed. 

 Vanessa's head was spinning. She couldn't process everything he was saying so quickly. She was too scared of anyone walking inside the booth and seeing her crawling around the floor to object. So she nodded weakly. 

 "Guess, I will call you 'Queeny – the dirty dogslut' from now on!" he chuckled. Then he began explaining new 'club rules' to Vanessa. 

 "You stupid dogslut will come to this security booth every second day in the afternoon. Inside this cubicle, my dogbitch is only allowed to crawl on all fours with her tits and ass exposed!" 

 Each rule made Vanessa wince. Tucker didn't care though. Instead, he immediately began putting the new rules into practice by taking his dogslut for a walk in the booth. Vanessa only hoped that he wouldn't lead her outside of the room. 

 "On arrival, my dogslut will immediately crawl underneath the countertop and deep throat my cock while clasping her hands behind her back!" Tucker continued explaining the rules. 

 "Whatever I do or wherever I move, that cock will stay down your slutty throat until I've shot my load down your gullet!" 

 "And as long as my dogbitch stays in this booth, she will not speak at all. All she will do is bark in response to orders!" he finished his introduction. 

 "Do you understand the rules, queeny bitch?" he inquired. 

 Vanessa was too confused, baffled and overwhelmed to react. It was all going too fast for her to process. 

 SLAP 

 Vanessa received a resounding slap to her right cheek. The burning pain made her wince once again and instantly reddened her face. 

 "Does 'Queeny – the dirty dogslut' understand the rules?" Tucker barked emphasising each word. 

 His tone didn't leave any room for doubt. Vanessa had to react. She didn't want to earn another slap to the face. Her mind was spinning from all the information. She didn't know how to behave correctly. On the off chance, she opened her mouth. 

 "WOOF! WOOF!" she barked. 

 And a cold chill ran down her spine. Her lady-self was totally gone by now. She felt like 'Vanessa - the posh lady' had stepped out of her body and observed the degradation of 'Queeny – the dirty dogslut' from the outside. She definitely didn't feel like being in the country club. She had reacted on autopilot and her submissive side had kicked in overcoming her arrogant lady- self. She had acted like a true dogbitch and it had obviously been the reaction Tucker had waited for. 

 "Oh well, seems like this dogslut is learning quickly." he said showing his satisfaction. 

 Then he sat down in his swivel chair and ordered the ginger slut to kneel in front of him with her ass facing him. 

 "C'mon dogslut, pant for me! Let that tongue hang out of your yapper and pant!" 

 Vanessa sobbed. She felt like crying. The degradation Tucker was dishing out was more embarrassing than anything she had done before. Acting like an obedient pet was worse than being reduced to a sheer sexual object or getting disgraced in public. Having to do so in her precious country club only added to the humiliation. 

 It became clear that the visits to the 'Red Rose Club' had only been the prelude. Tucker had increased the degradations each time. Now, it was time for the next step. He was expanding the use of his fucktoy to the country club. Now, it was payback time for all the scoffs and sneers she had directed at him before. 

 "Can't hear nothing!" he reminded the redhead of her task. 

 "HechHechHechHech" 

 Vanessa gave her best impression of a panting dog while sticking out her tongue. 

 SLAP 

 Out of the blue, a hard object hit Vanessa on the right ass cheek catching her totally off guard. Behind her back, Tucker had produced a plastic fly swatter and lashed it onto her bottom. 

 "Ouuhhh!" Vanessa exclaimed almost reaching back to rub the fresh red spot on her buttock. 

 "Keep on panting, queeny bitch!" Tucker harshly snubbed her. 

 Vanessa hastily restrained herself from reaching back and continued with her humiliating task. 

 "HechHechHechHech" 

 With her tongue hanging out, drool started gathering in her mouth. It began running out and trickling to the floor. 

 "Well! Obviously, my dogslut disobeyed me when prancing in here. So she's gonna get ten slaps with this swatter." Tucker told the flame-haired beauty while showing her the fly flap. 

 "And she's gonna count the slaps with barks. It's one bark for the first, two for the second and so on." 

 Vanessa howled in between the panting. By now, she knew that Tucker wouldn't give her any leeway. She had to endure being turned into a will-less fuckpet to keep her cover for the country club intact. 

 "HechHechHechHech" 

 SLAP 

 "WOOF!" 

 Her ass cheeks quickly turned red while her butt performed an obscene dance in rhythm with the swatter slaps. Her hips swiftly darted from right to left in futile attempts to escape the blows while her ass meat frantically jiggled and wobbled. 

 "HechHechHechHech" 

 SLAP 

 "WOOF! WOOF!" 

 Vanessa felt like she was burning up with shame. The slaps with the plastic fly flap weren't really harsh. The fact that she had to bark out loud and pant in between was far worse. The embarrassment was only increased by her fear of being discovered. What if a club member walked by the booth and heard her barking? What if anyone saw her walking out of this room putting two and two together? 

 She felt like the humiliating swatter-spanking never stopped. But eventually she sensed her hips starting to turn her snatch towards the fly flap. She was unconsciously trying to get her cunt hit! The degrading spanking aroused her. Vanessa's pussy was yearning to get touched by anything. 

 She began moaning in between the barks - a sound that didn't stay unnoticed with Tucker. He ran the edge of the flap along her pussy slit making Vanessa groan. Her hips were wriggling to the touch. 

 "Hehehe!" he teased his dogbitch. "Seems like someone's enjoying his new role as fuckpet!" 

 Vanessa couldn't believe how easily she was embracing Tucker's abysmal humiliations. But her body was a junkie for degradations. It was hardly surprising that it reacted to this utter debasement with agitation although it was happening in her precious country club by the loathed security guard. Or were those two factors only contributing to the excitement? Vanessa was too aroused to ponder this question at the moment. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 18 ****** byCathartico© "HechHechHechHech" 

 SLAP 

 "WOOOUUF! Ooohhh! WOOF! WOOF! WOOF! WOOF!" 

 The next swatter slap had landed squarely on Vanessa's pussy. After Tucker had noticed how much the swatter-spanking aroused his dogslut, he started spanking her wet cunt. 

 Five more slaps hit the redhead's soft pussy and each time she stuck her ass further towards the plastic swatter. It looked like her hips were moving on their own and her cunt was yearning for the next spank. The final slap broke the levee and an orgasm erupted in her loins. Vanessa was moaning uncontrollably from the sudden surge of pleasure and barely managed to bark ten times. When she slowly came back to her senses, the ginger slut felt the handle of the swatter getting pushed up her asshole. 

 "Look at that!" Tucker exclaimed obviously pleased with his handy work. "Now queeny bitch even got a proper dog's tail!" 

 Looking over her shoulder, Vanessa could see the handle sticking out of her ass with the white flap up in the air. It felt so incredibly humiliating. She felt like she wasn't even worthy of a real dog's tail but only deserved this cheap piece of plastic instead. 

 "Now wag your tail for me, queeny!" Tucker ordered. "Show me how happy you are to be my stupid dogslut." 

 By now, Vanessa obeyed instantly. She started crawling up and down the booth with her big, round knockers hanging down her chest and her tongue sticking out of her mouth. All the while, she panted noisily. She tried her best to shake her ass from side to side in an exaggerated way in order to wag the fly flap. It was an extremely perverse and demeaning sight of the flame-haired beauty. She had arrived at the country club as a posh, elegantly dressed trophy wife and now she was getting reduced to a worthless, grovelling fuckpet. 

 After a few minutes, Tucker added a little spice to the humiliating show as he threw his large key ring into a corner of the booth. Vanessa didn't need any instruction. She scuttled over to the keys, picked them up with her mouth and brought them back to Tucker. She let the key ring fall into his outstretched hand. 

 SLAP 

 The ginger slut received another resounding slap to her face. This time, it was reddening her left cheek. 

 "Faster dogbitch!" he exclaimed. "What kind of stupid junkyard dog are you? You can't even fetch properly!" 

 Following his words, he threw the key ring into the other corner starting to count the seconds until Vanessa had retrieved it. He wouldn't stop repeating the key-fetching until she had managed to retrieve the keys in less than ten seconds. After six tries, the redhead finally succeeded. 

 "Attaboy! Good doggy!" Tucker petted his dogbitch's head. 

 He acted as if he was talking to a real canine. And by now, that was exactly how Vanessa felt - like a low pet serving her master. 

 KNOCK KNOCK 

 Vanessa froze in her tracks and her heart stood still. Somebody was knocking on the window of the security booth. 

 "Guess, someone heard us!" Tucker commented the noise. 

 The redhead started looking around the booth in panic. Her worst fear was becoming reality. She was about to get caught acting like a cheap slut in the country club! 

 "Better get to work then! Or do you want a club member to see you like that?" Tucker simply ordered. 

 He seemed completely unconcerned. Vanessa on the other hand was worried all the more. In her panic, she barely understood his words. She simply kept on kneeling on the floor shocked to the bone. Tucker didn't wait for his dogslut to get into action though. He started pulling up the shudders with his right hand and opened his zipper with his left. 

 The shudders were slowly moving up. One third of the window was already free. Vanessa was able to spot a car parking next to the booth. Finally, she overcame her stupor. As fast as she could, she scuttled underneath the countertop that was affixed to the wall beneath the window. The flame-haired knockout exactly followed Tucker's 'club rules'. She knelt between his legs. Her buxom, ringed juggs hung out of her blouse. The hem of her skirt was pushed up over her ass to reveal her naked bubble butt. And the fly swatter stuck out of her asshole like a perverse dog's tail. 

 She crossed her arms behind her back and gulped down his cock in one go. She kept on pushing until it was lodged deep down her gullet. The gagging sound that emerged when his dick pushed past her tonsils was drowned out by Tucker greeting the new arrival. 

 "Welcome Mrs. Salpa." 

 Vanessa gasped around Tucker's cock and almost choked on his tool. She barely managed to keep herself from coughing out loud. Her eyes opened wide and horror was clearly displayed on her face that was buried in Tucker's hairy crotch. 

 Megan Salpa was a pretty new member of the country club. Some time ago, she had been some kind of talentless it-girl with a few pseudo scandals in the tabloids. Nowadays, she had obviously chosen the country club as her hunting grounds to bag a rich man. Despite her brief membership to the club, she had already developed into Vanessa's biggest rival for the throne of queen bee. In several ways, she was like Vanessa's younger version. Megan was just as haughty, snobbish and scheming. With her gorgeous looks, she had already caught the eye of several rich young bachelors. All in all, she represented serious competition for 'Miss Arrogance' and she had already made it clear that she was striving for the throne. If she witnessed Vanessa sucking the security guard off, she would know how to use this information to her advantage. It wouldn't take long until the entire club would know about it. 

 Of course, Tucker exploited this situation. He knew exactly that Mrs. Salpa was a regular. Still, he left her waiting at the booth for a couple of minutes while checking her membership card. Tucker simply enjoyed terrifying his stupid little dogslut. The danger of being discovered by Megan Salpa instantly wiped away any attitude that had been left inside the ginger slut. 

 

 Megan sat in her SUV while waiting for the security guard to let her inside. Something about him was strange today. Usually, he was in a grumpy mood with a sour expression on his face. But right now, she could see him smiling brightly. 

 After the middle-aged, fat security guard had checked her membership, he rolled sideways on his swivel chair to reach the button that opened the barrier. From her high position in the SUV, Megan had a good view into the security booth. Something about the way the guard slowly rolled sideways looked strange. And for a moment, she heard some odd, shuffling noises. They seemed to come from underneath the work space. A second later, these noises were drowned out by the guard's laughter. 

 "C'mon doggy! Get your bone!" he suddenly exclaimed. 

 Confusion was clearly displayed on Megan Salpa's face. Noticing her questioning look, Tucker smiled and said. 

 "Oh, it's just my dog. Had to bring him to work today. Doggy is a bit stupid so you gotta keep it entertained." 

 Megan wrinkled her brows but didn't care enough to ponder it any longer. Instead, she simply accepted his explanation. So she passed the barrier and drove onto the parking lot while shaking her head in regard to the guard's bold, insolent behaviour. 

 

 With Megan Salpa out of sight, Tucker looked down beneath the work space. His smile broadened into a wide, evil grin when he saw the panic on Vanessa's face. The moment she had heard him tell Megan about his dog, she had felt like dying from embarrassment. The realization that the woman had not discovered her was still sinking in. 

 "You are my stupid dogslut, aren't you?" Tucker addressed the redhead. 

 Immediately, the flame-haired beauty let go of his cock and straightened up. 

 "WOOF! WOOF!" Vanessa barked in response. 

 "What would your gossip friend say if she knew that you are my dogslut?" he teased her. "That would be degrading, wouldn't it?" 

 "WOOF! WOOF!" she once again barked out loud. 

 The sheer thought of her rival finding out about her true profession made Vanessa shudder. She didn't have much time to imagine this situation though as Tucker tightened his grip on her long, ginger hair and rammed his bone deep down his dogslut's gullet. 

 A second later, he rolled back to his former place. This sudden movement took Vanessa by surprise. She almost tumbled over. The ravishing knockout barely managed to keep from falling flat onto her face. The sight of Vanessa's clumsiness made Tucker laugh - just as it had made him laugh when Megan had been waiting outside the booth. 

 Tucker immensely enjoyed watching the redhead desperately scramble over the floor in a pathetic attempt to keep his cock down her throat. Vanessa was forced to crawl after his dick in order to keep it lodged down her gullet. She looked like a little dog holding on to its bone while being led around the security booth. All the while, she gagged in rhythm to Tucker's motions. 

 It was so humiliation that shame burned on her skin from head to toe. Tucker had reached his goal. She didn't feel like an elegant, posh trophy wife any longer. Instead, she felt like a stray dog wallowing in the mud underneath his feet. 

 For more than five minutes, the security guard rolled around inside the booth dragging his dogslut along. He frequently changed direction in attempts to catch Vanessa off guard. Each shift made her stagger and choke pitifully. 

 With an abrupt swivel to the left, Tucker's cock finally slipped out of the redhead's mouth. A thick stream of white drool followed his dick and directly spurted onto the floor. Vanessa fell forward. Her arms flapped around helplessly while she tried to hang on to something. But she didn't catch a hold of anything and fell flat onto her face – right into the yucky puddle of slobber. 

 "Bad doggy! Bad doggy!" Tucker scolded Vanessa while he put his foot onto the back of her head. 

 The fat security guard moved his foot around dragging the redhead's face through the yucky drool. She didn't wait for his order. She stuck out her tongue and quickly lapped the sticky slobber off the dirty ground. It was a cringe-worthy sight of the stunning beauty kneeling on the ground with the fly flap sticking out of her ass and a foot on her head while she was lapping up her slobbery mess. 

 When Vanessa was finished, Tucker let his foot go off the back of her head. The ginger slut looked at him with a dishevelled face. She was a real mess. Her make-up was blurred and black streaks had run down her cheeks. Nonetheless, she instantly went back to work on his cock and gulped down his shaft. Tucker grabbed her hair and mercilessly pumped her head up and down his cock. 

 "QuackQuackQuack" 

 Wretched gags filled the booth while Tucker skull fucked Vanessa until his balls boiled over. He pushed his shaft out of her throat until only his cockhead remained between her lips. His hips started jerking and a huge wad of sticky, white sperm shot into her mouth drowning her tongue and glazing her gums. 

 When his balls were empty, he shoved Vanessa's head off his lap. Kneeling in front of him, she opened her mouth to show the gooey load of cum before she swallowed the sticky, creamy mass down. The moment her mouth was empty, Tucker pulled Vanessa to her feet and shoved her out of the security booth. The redhead stumbled out of the door while she pulled down her skirt. She barely managed to cover her ass before she stood in front of the club entrance. Hastily, she buttoned up her blouse while looking around anxiously. Fortunately, no member was coming out of the clubhouse at that moment. 

 Vanessa knew that her face was a mess with all the blurred mascara covering her cheeks. Her heart was beating in overdrive when she considered her options. She could walk away from the club. But she didn't know how to explain this to Steve. She could also take her chances in hope that no one would see her dishevelled appearance. She had to make a beeline to the restrooms to fix her make-up. But what if she ran into Steve or one of her gossip friends on the way? 

 Suddenly, Vanessa saw a car approaching the entrance. It was getting closer. Any second, the driver would be able to see her face. She had to make a decision! She had to get going! 

 When the car came to a halt at the security booth, the path leading away from the clubhouse was effectively blocked. The decision had been taken away from her. Vanessa tried not to freak out while she turned around and fixed her gaze onto the ground. Her body was getting drenched in cold sweat when she hastily headed inside. 

 Stepping into the main hall, she saw Steve standing in the middle of the hall chatting with Megan. Not her again! Vanessa thought to herself. She had managed to survive Tucker's dogslut training without getting discovered by her rival. It would be pure cynicism if Megan discovered her now that the training was over. 

 The moment Vanessa appeared in the main hall, Steve spotted her. He instantly stopped his chat with Megan and waved at her. Vanessa stopped in her tracks. She didn't dare taking another step and getting any closer to Steve. He was on the verge of noticing her messed up face. Her worry only increased when Megan turned around and looked into her direction as well. Vanessa needed to get out of their sight. She needed to get away from them without looking suspicious. Steve took a step into her direction. He was coming closer. 

 That moment, her right hand shot up to her mouth. She tried to cover her cheeks and lips as best as possible. Her left hand clutched her stomach at the same time. This way, she acted as if she felt nauseous while hiding her smudgy face. A second later, she turned and raced to the restrooms. She breathed a sigh of relief when she finally stood inside the ladies' room. 

 She had just washed the blurred mascara off her face and rearranged her hair when Megan Salpa stepped into the restrooms. Vanessa kept up her act of feeling sick but Megan's challenging look clearly told her that the gauntlet had been thrown down. The young challenger didn't even flinch from hitting on Steve. She was clearly on a campaign for the throne. 

 When Vanessa finally stepped out of the restrooms, dinner with Steve was the last thing she was in the mood for. Although she was in the country club, her lady-self was gone for the day. She had a lot to process. There was so much on her plate right now – working her ass off for Pavone in the 'Red Rose Club', entertaining new clients for Stanton as the deal-sweetener, pleasing Tucker in the country club, and fending off Megan Salpa's attack for the throne of queen bee. 

 Vanessa felt like she couldn't keep up with all these duties much longer. Sooner or later, she would attract too much attention. Her ex-boyfriend had already found out about her work as office slut and the security guard had discovered her identity as the 'Red Rose Whore'. Vanessa sensed that all these chores were calling for trouble. It seemed like a storm was brewing. 

 

 *to be continued* 

 *The storm is about to break loose during an exclusive cocktail party in the country club.* Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 19 ****** byCathartico© For the next few weeks, Vanessa's schedule was pretty full. She had so many balls to juggle that her head was spinning from all the different appointments. Her popularity as the 'Red Rose Whore' kept rising with every won slut-battle. The night shifts during the week turned into a sort of mass processing with lines of customers waiting to get their hands – or rather dicks – on her fuckholes. Stanton, Miller and Erickson continued to use her as their deal- sweetener as well. Apparently, they were extremely busy closing deals. Each Friday, she got a new assignment to meet a client. 

 Every other afternoon, Vanessa had to visit the security booth of the country club. Tucker relentlessly carried on turning the flame-haired knockout into his dogslut. Quickly, she got used to her new dogbitch-uniform. Her tits and ass were exposed while her dress hung around her hips and the fly swatter stuck out of her asshole as her dog's tail. This indecent outfit clearly showed off Vanessa's status in the booth. 

 The red-haired beauty had a hard time adapting to her role as Tucker's dogslut. Each time she approached the club, she automatically snapped into her arrogant lady-mode. In this posh, snooty mood, Tucker's abysmal degradations felt a lot worse. The humiliating reduction from snobbish lady to low fuckpet was such a long drop down. 

 Nevertheless, Vanessa desperately tried to keep her arrogant attitude up. She was the queen bee of the gossip girls and she had to fend off a rival to her throne! She had fought long and hard to earn this position. She wouldn't give it away easily. She had to keep her gossip friends in line to repel Megan Salpa's challenge. She had to be her most stuck-up, snooty self to succeed. 

 The dissonance between Tucker's dogslut treatment in the security booth and her snobbish lady behaviour inside the club turned every visit into an emotional rollercoaster ride with constant ups and downs. This dissonance caused her to repeatedly protest Tucker's orders. Each time Vanessa knelt in the cubicle, words accidentally slipped out of her mouth. Of course, the brute, burly security guard was more than willing to punish his dogslut for her mistakes. The first time, her ass was spanked beet red with the plastic fly swatter. The second time, her tits were turned into raw meat using the flap. And the third time, her pussy received the punishing spanking. For each slap, Vanessa had to bark out loud as a thank you. 

 Tucker had to dish out three swatter-spankings until Vanessa had finally learned her lesson. Afterwards, she was happy to be walked around the booth on all fours while panting and wagging her tail. The utter degradations in the security booth in combination with the constant fear of getting discovered by one of her gossip friends caused Vanessa to experience a whole new level of humiliation. 

 The race to the ladies' room afterwards turned into a nail-biting thriller each and every time. To the redhead's dismay, her pussy always hummed and twitched maddeningly when she looked at her dishevelled appearance in the restroom's mirror. At least, Tucker kept the degradations to the booth. He was too smart to risk anything inside the clubhouse. 

 

 In the spare time between all her sex appointments, Vanessa continued going out with Steve. By now, Mark didn't care where she was going as long as she arrived at the 'Red Rose Club' on time. He was too busy as Pavone's right-hand man to rack his brains about her whereabouts. Vanessa had a feeling that she was making good progress at wooing Steve. And one day, he surprised her by inviting her to the 'Monte Carlo Ball'. He was finally ready to present her as his official trophy girlfriend. 

 The ball was the most exclusive social event in town. With the invitation, Vanessa had reached one of her life goals. She was becoming a part of the high society. She felt like she was born to be the star of those society events. 

 Not even the fact that the 'Monte Carlo Ball' took place at the country club could diminish the thrill of anticipation. Instead, she saw the perfect opportunity to cut her rival Megan down to size. Vanessa had set her mind on becoming the undisputed star of the party. It was her goal to become the talk of the event leaving everybody speechless with admiration. She would cement her status as queen bee and deliver an entrance no one would forget. 

 All week long she was giddy with excitement. The more the big event approached, the more Vanessa got nervous. She had found the perfect gown to serve her purpose and couldn't wait to put it on. To her surprise, she didn't get a call from Stanton for an appointment with new clients so she had the entire Friday to prepare for the big social event. 

 

 Finally, it was Friday evening. Vanessa felt like a princess when she walked up to the clubhouse with Steve at her side. Nothing stood in the way of her big entrance. She knew that Tucker never worked on the weekend. Passing the security booth though, a trademark evil grin welcomed her. This couldn't be true! Why was Tucker working today? 

 "Excuse me!" the brute bully of a security guard instantly addressed Vanessa. "We have to check all the purses today. Would you please follow me inside?" 

 Vanessa's heart sank to her knees. She was too stunned to react. She couldn't believe that Tucker was about to use her at this big event. There were guests arriving all the time. Anybody would see Vanessa inside the booth! Why was he suddenly taking such a risk? 

 She nervously looked around. She was barely able to stand still next to the burly, brute security guard. She continuously shifted from one foot to the other. Tucker placed her purse on the work space and searched it using only one hand. It appeared strange that he wasn't using both hands. But shortly afterwards, Vanessa identified the reason and her eyes snapped open in terror. 

 Tucker pushed his free hand underneath her coat from behind! He ran his fingers over the smooth backside of her legs! 

 The flame-haired beauty had to muster all her self-control to keep herself from slapping his hand away. Eventually, his fingers snaked underneath her gown and run over her ass! Tucker added more pressure and forced his queeny bitch to open her legs. His fingers found her pussy and began fondling her snatch. Vanessa was standing spraddle-legged in the booth! She almost jumped from nervousness. 

 "If I gotta work at this damned ball, at least I can have a good time." Tucker hissed. 

 His remark only increased Vanessa's tension. A line of party guests had formed in front of the cubicle. They were so close by that only the booth windows separated them. The people were getting uneasy. They began mustering the two and even knocked on the window to show their unrest. Their attentiveness made Vanessa jumpier by the second. She was afraid they might spot her unusual pose any moment. Nonetheless, Tucker remained totally calm. He took his time to check her purse and finger her cunt. 

 "Oh, oh!" he suddenly exclaimed and the redhead cringed from shock. 

 All eyes were on them! The work space was the only shield blocking their view of her straddled legs. And Tucker's hand was still under her gown. By now, her pussy reacted to the attention and her body trembled. Vanessa bit her lip to keep herself from groaning. 

 "Oh, oh!" Tucker exclaimed again. 

 And that exact moment, he drove two fingers deep into her snatch. Her body instantly quaked. She had to grasp the work space to remain standing. She was so shocked that she lost control and moaned out loud! 

 For a second, Vanessa thought that everyone had heard the groan. Panic- stricken, she looked down the line. The party guests were busy fretting about the delay. But some of them still mustered her warily. Obviously, her moan had been deadened by the windows. Nonetheless, the flame-haired knockout blushed so deeply that her face resembled the colour of her hair. 

 Finally, the security guard pulled his hand from underneath her gown and finished his search. He looked at Vanessa with a smirk on his face. He clearly enjoyed her tension and jumpiness. 

 "Get going!" he hissed under his breath and gave the redhead a brief shove. 

 Vanessa stumbled out of the security booth. She had survived Tucker's dirty game. She had remained unscathed – this time round - although it had definitely been a shocker. 

 The smoking hot redhead tried to calm herself while she walked inside the clubhouse. She wouldn't let Tucker screw up her big night. She had gotten past the brute bully of a security guard. Nothing stood in the way of her big entrance anymore. The flame-haired beauty was dead set on enjoying the social event. She was ready to get the party started. She was ready to upstage all the other guests. 

 The clubhouse was an old, noble mansion with a small entrance area leading to the main hall that was situated in the middle of the first floor. The entire left side was taken up by a restaurant. The whole backside encompassed the lounge area with an adjacent patio. Behind the porch, the pool area, golf course and tennis courts were located. The right side was taken up by a wellness area. 

 The second floor had a gallery around the main hall. The left side was taken up by a library and an entertainment room. The backside encompassed a large ballroom. Two game rooms with billiard tables were situated on the right side. As the party was called 'Monte Carlo Ball', it had a casino theme. The billiard tables had been replaced by black-jack and roulette tables. 

 Several people were standing in the main hall. They were waiting in line to drop off their coats at the cloakroom. The air was buzzing with chatter. Surprisingly, people were already gossiping about the newest scandal. And the cause of the scandal was standing right in the middle of the hall. 

 "Megan!" Vanessa hissed through gritted teeth. 

 Apparently, Megan Salpa had come up with the same idea as the redhead. She had crashed the party in a racy outfit that was more skin than silk. She drew gasps from all the guests waiting in the line. A big smile was on her face when she greeted Vanessa. It was obvious that she thought she had duped her ginger rival. 

 Vanessa looked daggers at Megan. She was beyond furious. This wasn't the way she had planned the evening. That bitch was interfering with her plan. As much as it infuriated the flame-haired beauty, it provoked her. She was definitely up for the challenge. 

 Megan was taller than Vanessa with a runway model's size of 5'9" and a slim killer body. Despite her runway model physique, she had an incredible 32C natural bust. Her skin had a sublime sunkissed, bronzed colour and her hair was pitch-black. It was long with wavy ends and reached halfway down her back. Her eyes stood in stark contrast to her raven hair as they had a crystal clear, ice blue colour. The combination of dark hair and sparkling deep blue eyes was mesmerizing. 

 Today, Megan's breathtaking looks were upstaged by her outfit. She wore a shocker of a scarlet gown. The colour alone was enough to make her stand out. But the cut of the dress dramatically added to the daring look. It comprised a front and back panel that didn't meet at the sides at all. Instead, the scarlet material was held in place by a broad golden clasp at the height of her waist. The gown clearly showed that she wasn't wearing any bra. It seemed nearly impossible to top such a provocative outfit. 

 Vanessa continued staring at Megan. She didn't seem fazed. She defiantly raised an eyebrow while she took off her coat. And instantly, all heads turned. Now, all eyes were focused on the redhead. It seemed like her gown was blinding everybody. For a moment, everyone seemed to pause in their motion to take a look at her slinky outfit. 

 The next second, all hell broke loose with everyone chatting about the new provocation. Vanessa had achieved the effect she had been going for. Her dress was just as shocking as Megan's. No party guest would forget her entrance. 

 Her saucy gown was more than slinky. It was a real showstopper. The fabric was white and so bright that it instantly caught anybody's eye. The cut didn't leave much to the imagination either. Instead, it accentuated all of her curves. The gown comprised one panel of fabric that hung over her right shoulder like the cape of a Roman emperor. The bright material was twined around her right side. At her left hip, it was kept together by a short zipper that only reached from her tits to her crotch. This way, the front of the gown was basically cut like a triangle pointing to her left side. Her left shoulder and left leg were completely bare. Her left nipple and crotch were only just covered by the fabric. With the zipper closed, the dress was skintight and it was apparent that she didn't wear a bra either. The flame-haired beauty only wore a white lace thong and a pair of white 5" heel ankle strap sandals underneath. She had left off the nipple rings as they would have poked prominently through the flimsy material. All in all, Vanessa's outfit revealed even more skin than Megan's. 

 Both rivals were as glammed up as the other with big hair and fake French nails. Vanessa wore wide silver bracelets and big hoop silver ear rings. Megan wore similar jewellery in gold. They looked like wannabe it-girls walking down the red carpet at a movie premiere. Those it-girls tried to get into the spotlight and attract media attention by dressing up as provokingly as possible. In the same way, Vanessa and Megan tried to attract the attention of the exclusive party crowd. Some of those it-girls made a full career out of causing scandals at social events. So they were doing the same. They followed the old saying that any publicity is good publicity. 

 Vanessa was the queen bee of the gossip girls and she intended to keep that position. She had to be provocative to stir discussions and with this slinky dress she was more than successful. The only downside was that Megan's outfit attracted just as much attention as hers. Right now, they were tied on the scandal-scale. Vanessa had to up the ante to defeat her rival. 

 Megan was waiting in the endless line in front of the cloakroom. So Vanessa made a u-turn and walked back outside to the security booth. She simply handed her coat to a surprised Tucker and stepped back into the clubhouse. At the moment, she was more than willing to pay with her fuckholes for this favour at a later date. Right now, she needed to get a head start to Megan. 

 With Steve at her side, Vanessa walked up the stairway. She had to walk cautiously so the fabric covering her bust wouldn't slip down and expose her big, juicy funbags. She could see Megan looking up at her and swearing under her breath. Vanessa was about to enter the ballroom first. 

 The room was already crowded. The cluster of people was considerably bigger than the one in the main hall. The minute Vanessa stepped into the ballroom, she turned heads. Instantly, she was the center of attention. Women immediately started gossiping with their girlfriends while the men were barely able to tear their eyes off her inviting curves. This time, Vanessa had beaten Megan to the punch. The early bird gets the worm and in her case the early slut got the scandal. She was the talk of the party and she enjoyed it immensely. 

 Steve didn't seem to mind her provocative appearance at all. After all, he was the date of the hottest women at the ball. He rather seemed to enjoy the jealous looks the other guys were throwing at him. 

 For the next hour, the 'Monte Carlo Ball' went as intended. Vanessa made sure to greet all of the important gossip girls and wag her tongue about her pretentious challenger that dared to imitate her in a desperate attempt to upstage her. When Megan finally had her big entrance, the women were already forewarned so it didn't have the same shock value as Vanessa's. The party guests had already seen one scandalous society slut causing a stir so it wasn't something new. 

 The party almost felt like a dream. It seemed like Vanessa had arrived at the place she belonged. The momentum was clearly on her side and Megan didn't stand a chance. For a while, Vanessa chatted with her girlfriends. They couldn't believe how brave she was to show up in such a saucy outfit. They were barely able to hide their envy. None of them would be able to pull off wearing such a bold outfit. None of them would be looking well in such a skintight dress. Nonetheless, they were jealous of the attention the redhead received. 

 Steve introduced her to several of his friends. And of course, they couldn't tear their eyes off of her while they were clicking glasses full of bubbly and making small talk. The lecherous gazes from Steve's friends made her nipples stiff which didn't stay unnoticed among them. 

 One of Steve's friends was kind of creepy. Steve was getting some more bubbly from a waiter so Vanessa was left alone with the guy. He was hitting hard on her and inched closer by the second. Any moment, he was about to grab her butt. Vanessa was getting uneasy. There was no way such an idiot would ruin her chances with Steve. 

 She had to get away from him. So the redhead quickly finished her glass of bubbly and made a beeline to the buffet. It was set up at the long side of the ballroom. As the party was already lasting an hour, the buffet was unattended. 

 While Vanessa picked out some hors d'oeuvres, several men stepped up to the buffet. She didn't pay them any attention until she turned around to leave. That moment, she noticed the three guys. They had inched so close that they were standing within her reach. They were effectively blocking her way. One guy was positioned on each of her sides. The third one stood in front of her. Thereby, Vanessa was caught between the men and the buffet. 

 They didn't step aside but inched closer until they almost stood on her toes. Vanessa looked at them with an annoyed expression. She didn't have time for these shenanigans. She wasn't in the mood to play around. 

 The three guys looked like they were somewhere in their 50s. The one standing in front of her was bald, tall and stout. He looked like he had been playing football as an offensive lineman in the past. The guy to her right was tall and scrawny with grey hair. The one in her back was small and stocky with glasses and a moustache. 

 Their suits seemed rather ordinary. There were definitely bigger fish at the party. Vanessa wasn't interested anyway. She was focused on getting the better of Megan and taking the next step with Steve. But before she was able to open her mouth and voice her protest, she heard a loud noise. 

 RATCH 

 And Vanessa choked on her words. Immediately, her flesh was crawling. The world stood still and everything went into slow-motion. She was frozen to the ground. She felt like she had just stepped out of her body and watched herself from the outside. 

 In slow-motion, Vanessa saw herself lowering her gaze and watching the sloped top of her gown fall open. It was flipped open like a book. The material simply fell down to the right side. The guy standing in front of her had grabbed the zipper and pulled it down. He had only unzipped two-thirds. But it was enough for her ample, big tits to burst out of their confines and pop into freedom. It took Vanessa several seconds to realize what had happened. Finally, it registered. Her ripe, juicy funbags were exposed at the exclusive ball! 

 The moment she had comprehended the situation, the world kicked back into overdrive. Her heart exploded and throbbed in rapid speed. Cold sweat covered her body in an instant. She was freaking out. 

 She couldn't even react as fast as she wished. Holding a plate with hors d'oeuvres in her hand, she couldn't reach up and cover her juggs! She almost let the plate fall to the floor. She was barely able to stop herself at the last second. Instead, she shrieked out loud. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 19 ****** byCathartico© Before a noise came over her lips, Mr. Lineman - the massive footballer - held his huge paw in front of her mouth and stifled the scream. 

 "Tztztz!" he scolded the redhead under his breath. "We don't wanna cause a stir! You already had your sensation for the day." 

 Panic seized Vanessa. She looked around in horror. Apparently, nobody had heard her muffled scream. Also, nobody had noticed her indecent exposure - yet. At least, the three guys blocked the view from the ballroom. Vanessa's slender figure was completely hidden behind their backs. But that was only small consolation. It wasn't enough to calm her down by any means. What if someone stepped up to the buffet? What if someone walked by looking over the guys' shoulders? 

 Vanessa's mind screamed and it was shouting only one sentence. Get out of this situation! Her whole life was on the stakes. She couldn't risk any lewd conduct in the country club. Causing a stir with a scandalous outfit was one thing. But exposing her assets was transgressing the rules. She was about to lose her status as queen bee to Megan. She was about to lose her relationship with Steve. 

 Hastily, Vanessa placed the food on the buffet table. Meanwhile, the three men continued to ogle her impressive boobs. Lineman was still holding his hand over her mouth. She grabbed the zipper with her right hand and covered her heavy knockers with her left arm. But eventually, the guys reacted. Vanessa's arms were slapped away by Mr. Greyhair and Mr. Beardman. They tightly grabbed her arms not giving her a chance to cover up her voluptuous juggs. 

 Vanessa's face turned red from rage. Her fiery attitude came to the forefront. Her eyes were glowing with fury. She struggled against the constraints and tried to get Lineman's paw off her mouth. 

 "Please." she muttered under her breath trying to calm herself as best as she could. "Please, let me go and we'll forget this ever happened." 

 Lineman simply laughed into her face. 

 "Now, I understand all the fuzz about the notorious deal-sweetener. Stanton didn't promise too much." he told the other two men. "She's definitely a firecracker!" 

 "And she got an awesome rack!" Greyhair added. 

 "Stanton invited us to this party to cash in on our bonus for signing with his law-firm." the massive footballer explained. "You're the bonus whore, aren't you?" 

 "Ssshhh!" Vanessa tried to make him lower his booming voice. 

 Her head was spinning. She couldn't believe that this was all a setup by Stanton. She should have become suspicious when she hadn't gotten a call for an appointment earlier today. She wasn't getting away from SEP - not even at an exclusive ball. 

 Right now, this didn't matter though. She was still standing with her tits exposed at the buffet. With every second going by, the danger of getting spotted increased. Escaping this risky situation was the priority. She didn't care what she had to do. Everything was fine to protect her posh lady image in the country club. 

 "Yes, I'm SEP's bonus whore." she admitted in a whisper. 

 "I'll give you the best time of your life." she tried to entice them. 

 Vanessa emphasised her point by squeezing her shoulders to present her firm, ripe melons in all their glory. The three men couldn't tear their eyes away from her smoking hot body so she was using her inviting curves as a sales argument. She would promise them that they would get a shot at the ravishing beauty. But they had to wait for it. Vanessa could sense that she was slowly regaining control over the situation. There was still a chance to get out of this dangerous predicament without being spotted. 

 "Let's meet at a more private place." she suggested purring like a wanton wildcat. "I'll give you a time you'll never forget. Just let me cover up in here. I'll entertain you at length. But later on!" 

 "Oh! Now, we've seen the forbidden fruits. Now, we want them straight away." Beardman replied. "We've already started the fun. Why should we wait?" 

 This answer baffled Vanessa. She hadn't expected it at all. Before she had a chance to react, the three guys stunned her even more. They simply moved into gear. Greyhair and Beardman linked arms with the redhead and started walking. Meanwhile, Lineman led the way. Thereby, Vanessa simply got dragged along with her gown hanging open. She couldn't even use her arms to cover her exposed funbags. 

 Cold shivers ran up and down her spine and goose bumps covered her entire body. This was the last thing, she had been aiming for. Now, she was walked along the buffet with her tits exposed! Vanessa had no clue where the men were taking her. The danger of getting spotted had just multiplied. 

 The flame-haired knockout didn't know a way out of this predicament without attracting any attention. She couldn't scream. She couldn't run away. She was shocked to the bone and panic-stricken. Her face burnt from shame. The guys' bodies were the only shield she had left. So she was forced to stumble along. 

 The men manoeuvred the exposed beauty along the buffet. Most people were sitting at tables on the other side of the ballroom or were dancing to the tune of a band on the parquet. So their sight was either blocked by the dancers or they were too busy to notice. 

 Suddenly, the men came to an abrupt halt. Two elderly ladies were standing in their way. 

 "Excuse me, ladies." Lineman addressed them. 

 Vanessa held her breath. She got weak in the knees. She was quaking in fear. Greyhair and Beardman had to steady her to keep her on her feet. Any second, the women were about to step to the side and catch a glimpse of her naked, exposed tits. She expected to hear a high-pitched shriek of indignation any second. 

 But she didn't hear anything. 

 The women were simply too short to look past the men's bodies. They could only see Vanessa when they had passed by. They only saw her back and flame hair. 

 "Wasn't that Vanessa Laren in between those gentlemen?" she heard the elderly ladies asking each other. "She's such a lewd woman. First she annoys everyone with her inappropriate outfit and now she has various men paying court to her simultaneously. The 'Monte Carlo Ball' has gone downhill over the last years." 

 Their derogatory chatter hurt Vanessa's pride as queen bee. But for the moment, she was glad that the women hadn't noticed her exposed tits. Meanwhile, the guys dragged the redhead onto the gallery. She couldn't believe that she had gotten out of the ballroom without getting detected. But the risky slut-march wasn't over yet. 

 

 They were standing on the gallery. The lights were brighter than in the ballroom making her easier to spot. In an attempt to hide her face, the flame- haired beauty fixed her gaze onto the ground. The men cut to the left and headed to the game rooms. 

 "Look at those titties!" she suddenly heard a cry of astonishment. 

 Her heart skipped a beat and her eyes snapped open in terror. It had finally happened! A member of the club had spotted her and noticed her naked tits. She wished the ground would open and swallow her up. Her panic increased when she noticed that Lineman had stepped aside. His body wasn't covering her anymore. Instead, a man was standing in front of her directly ogling her bare tits. 

 It was Miller! 

 She was so shocked and dazed that she hadn't recognized his voice at first. But now, she detected his evil smirk. Since day one, Miller had enjoyed playing his nasty games with Vanessa. But right now, she was relieved that it was him ogling her fucktits. 

 She hadn't known that he was attending the party too! He was standing on the gallery with a cocktail in his hand while the group walked by. The moment they passed, he reached out and pinched Vanessa's right nipple. 

 "Ouuuhhh!" the redhead shrieked as much from surprise as from the sudden, unexpected pain. 

 "Everything OK over there!" a male voice in their back stopped the group. 

 Once again, cold sweat flushed Vanessa's body. Miller had given her the deathblow. They had caused a stir. Someone had just walked out of the ballroom and heard the noise. He was about to walk over and discover her indecent outfit any second. 

 "Everything's fine!" Lineman called back. "The lady sprained her ankle while dancing. We're taking her home!" 

 "OK!" the unknown man replied. "Give me a word if you need another helping hand." 

 With these words, he turned right and headed to the restrooms. Vanessa breathed a sigh of relief. Still, she shot a fiery look at Miller. It only increased his amusement though. He mockingly waved after the ginger slut when they continued their slut-march down the gallery. 

 Vanessa was a nervous wreck. She simply wanted to get out of this awkward predicament. She was willing to do anything for the new clients as long as she got out of the spotlight. She couldn't believe that her slinky dress was backfiring on her like that. The three guys on the other hand were enjoying their dirty, exhibitionistic game to the fullest. 

 

 The group continued their slut-march and passed the blackjack room without attracting further attention. They headed straight into the poker room. There were two poker tables set up. They were separated by room-dividers to give the players some privacy. Thereby, the room was divided into a corridor in the middle and two poker rooms at the sides. 

 Stepping into the room, Vanessa heard several people playing and chatting at the right table. The left table was unoccupied. That's where the three men headed. Each room-divider comprised a wooden frame and three small milk glass panes. They didn't give them real privacy but it was enough to protect the bonus whore from unintended gazes. However, the danger of being discovered wasn't banished by any means. 

 Coming to a rest on the chair, Vanessa felt like she had just completed a marathon. Her body was drenched in sweat and emotionally she was completely drained. However, the deal-sweetening hadn't even begun yet. The men didn't sit tight and wait. To Vanessa's surprise, they started dealing out cards. 

 "Let's play some Texas Hold'em!" Lineman suggested. "But not the standard version! We don't want the bonus whore to feel bored!" 

 "I bet she'll love our rules!" Greyhair argued. "They're pretty simple. Every time you win, you get the pot. And you can cover yourself up. For example, you can close the zipper." 

 "Every time you lose, you have to fulfil a task." he continued explaining the rules. "That task depends on the ranks and combinations of the cards. Of course, you're not allowed to fold. Game's over when all of us are either out or have cum at least once!" 

 Vanessa looked at them in bewilderment. Her baffled expression made the guys laugh. She couldn't believe that she had endured the overbold slut-march, only to play a round of poker. She had never been a good poker player at all ... 

 

 Surprisingly, Vanessa won the first round with a pair. She had a triumphant smile on her face when she slowly zipped up her gown. Finally, the material got firmly back into its place covering her heavy knockers. 

 The next round, Greyhair won with a pair of tens. He high fived his friends in joy. 

 "Tit-Slider it is!" he hollered. "Guess you have to unpack those glorious puppies again!" 

 To fulfil the task, Vanessa had to use her big, round funbags to slide the pot over to Greyhair. Vanessa knew that the men were expecting her to entertain them properly. But she didn't feel like acting slutty at all. She was yearning to get back to the party. She wanted to enjoy being treated like the queen bee some more. At the moment, she neither could nor wanted to snap into slut-mode. 

 The ginger slut stood up and started gyrating her hips. It didn't look very motivated though. Instead, it looked like a stripper unenthusiastically dancing on autopilot. She opened the zipper and let her ample, round melons burst out of the dress. Vanessa cupped her full, round funbags and bent over the table. As fast as she could, she dragged the chips into a pile and pushed it over to Greyhair. She rather used her hands than her juggs to gather up the pot. 

 Finished with the task, she sat back onto her chair. The guys looked more than disappointed. It had been a bland and dull performance. Vanessa had done nothing more than quickly going through her motions without oozing any sex appeal. They had clearly anticipated more than that. 

 "Tzzz!" Lineman exclaimed with a disappointed voice. "Seems like the hype about the bonus whore was premature! Just another cheap wench that thinks she's more than a cum dumpster." 

 With these words, he grabbed Vanessa's arm and pulled her into his lap. Immediately, he put her tits in his hands making her shudder. In front of the other two guys, he roughly pulled the ginger slut's nipples from her body and held them. She noisily gasped. But the men simply laughed. Lineman didn't let up and the pain became intense. He continued holding her nipples out until Vanessa started to squeal. 

 "Sooo ...! You're sorry for this ridiculous performance?" he teased her. 

 "Yes, sir!" Vanessa screamed under her breath trying to remain as low-voiced as possible. "I'm sorry sir. It won't happen again." 

 "You better put a lot more effort into the next task, whore!" the massive footballer acknowledged. "Another pitiful performance like that and the deal with Stanton is over!" 

 He emphasised his words by pulling out Vanessa's nipples even further. She gasped out again while the guys continued to laugh about her predicament. Finally, she realized the stakes. These men sounded like they meant every word they said. She couldn't risk Stanton's anger. She couldn't risk being the reason for the deal falling though. 

 "Do you want me to stop?" Lineman continued his teasing. 

 "Yesss, sir!" Vanessa whispered. "Pleassse ...! Stop!" 

 The pain was stinging by now. She felt like shrieking out loud. She didn't know how much longer she would be able to control her voice. But if she screamed, the players at the other poker table would definitely get alerted. And that was the last thing she wanted to happen. 

 "What will you do if I stop?" Lineman insisted. 

 "Please, sir! I will repeat the task until you're satisfied with your bonus whore!" Vanessa blurted out. 

 "Sounds like a square deal." he agreed releasing her nipples. 

 "Thank you ... thank you ... thank you, sir!" the redhead babbled when the pressure on her sensitive nipples subsided. 

 Lineman simply pushed Vanessa off his lap making her stumble over to the table. The ginger slut knew that she couldn't afford to disappoint them again. She had to act as seductively as possible. The rough treatment of her poor tits had helped to vault her into her submissive slut-mode. And the painful nipple- pulling had evoked a well-known tingling in her pussy. 

 Vanessa clasped her hands behind her back and bent over the table. Her luscious funbags hung heavily down her chest and dangled invitingly above the felt- covered surface. Ever so slowly, she pressed her knockers down and the titflesh bulged out at the sides. The pressure against her precious, sensitive boobs was incredible. Nevertheless, she started pushing forward to gather up the chips and use her glorious cans like nothing more than an ordinary slider. The bulging titmeat sliding about the table top presented an extremely hot spectacle. Vanessa's boobs were squeezed so tightly they looked ready to burst like a ripe fruit. 

 Without her hands as aids, the task turned out harder than imagined. The redhead couldn't control the chips and a number of them slipped out at the sides of her juggs. 

 "Oooh!" the guys taunted her for each lost chip. 

 "Well! You missed some chips!" Greyhair sneered when Vanessa finally reached his place. "Too bad! Guess you gotta start all over again!" 

 Vanessa had a desperate look on her face when she pulled her body back across the table. Greyhair didn't waste any time scattering the chips all over the felt-covered surface again. 

 Once more, the smoking hot redhead pressed her big, juicy funbags onto the felt and started sliding around the rough surface to gather up the pot. She looked pathetic. The mocking 'ooohs' only increased the humiliating situation. The rough felt scraped her irritated nipples and delicate titflesh. The painful scratching made her wince and struggle uncomfortably. But it also brought the tingling in her pussy to a new level. By now, a fire was burning in her loins. 

 "Oooh!" the guys exclaimed in unison when three chips slid off the table and fell to the floor. 

 Vanessa groaned out in despair when she realized that she had to start all over again. The combination of whining and groaning made her look more than pitiful. Her prickling cunt caused her bottom to twitch and jerk which made the situation even more cringe-worthy. It was a sight that immensely aroused the men. 

 "Aaand... another try!" Greyhair commented when Vanessa reached his place the second time. "Guess you have to use those glorious puppies to gather up the chips from the ground." 

 Everyone laughed when Vanessa grunted in exasperation. Nevertheless, the bonus whore got onto her knees and cupped her big fat fucktits with her hands. She tightly pressed her ripe melons together and bent down. 

 Moments ago, she had been the star of the decadent 'Monte Carlo Ball'. But this seemed like miles away now. Currently, she felt like nothing more than a common sex object. She was using her bodacious boobs as tongs to pick up poker chips from the dirty floor. How could it ever get any more humiliating? 

 The floor felt filthy on her delicate juggs. It made her skin crawl in disgust while she used her impressive cleavage to pick up the first chip. Pressing the soft titflesh tightly together, she slowly stood up and let the chip fall onto the table. She had to repeat this process three more times as the second chip fell back to the ground on her way up. The guys were having a ball watching the slut. 

 Once again, she had to restart her tit-sliding task. Vanessa was on the brink of screaming from the scratching on her nipples and prickling in her pussy. Her whole body was trembling and shaking when she finally managed to push all chips over to Greyhair's place. 

 She was breathing heavily from the effort when she fell back onto her seat. Her voluptuous cans were raw and striped with red scratches. She still felt the rasping sensations on her soft skin. Zipping up her dress, her erect nipples looked like they were piercing right through the flimsy material. She was so aroused that she felt like her cunt was about to leak a puddle of pussy juicy onto the floor. 

 

 The next two rounds went well again. Vanessa won both heads-ups against Lineman. After those two costly losses, he was almost out of chips. If she continued winning like this, the game would be over sooner than expected. 

 However, the following round didn't go so well. Instead, Lineman won with a high card. Vanessa had to strip again. But when she grabbed her zipper, he stopped her. 

 "We've already seen those glorious puppies!" he explained. "Show us some ass! Strip of your panties!" 

 The other two guys hollered and howled with laughter at this suggestion. Vanessa wasn't in a state to argue with the guys any longer. She was only glad that the players at the other poker table had a heated game going on. They were so loud that their noise drowned out the laughter from the three new clients. 

 The flame-haired knockout stepped in front of the massive footballer and started dancing. This time, she made sure that her dancing looked as enthusiastically as possible. She seductively gyrated her hips in an exaggerated manner and ran her French-nailed fingers over her bare left leg. Then she turned around and bent over the table. She pushed her apple bottom back until it was almost in Lineman's face. In the skintight, white gown, her juicy ass curves clearly stood out. Vanessa began shaking and wiggling her buttocks invitingly. Meanwhile, she slowly pushed the gown to the right side. The dress opened like a curtain revealing more and more skin. Finally, her terrific ass was on full display. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 19 ****** byCathartico© With a sexy motion, she pushed the lace thong down to the lower edge of her buttocks. For the first time, Lineman got a clear view at her lush pussy slit. Her ringed cunt lips already peaked out. For a few moments, the ginger slut played peek-a-boo pushing the thong up and down to cover and reveal her snatch. 

 

 Finally, she pulled the panties down to the back of her knees. The smoking hot redhead alluringly spread her butt cheeks apart and revealed her puffy cunt lips. They were glisten wetly. She grabbed the two silver pussy rings with her French-nailed fingers and pulled her labia open to give him a clear view of her soft, pink inner flesh. 

 Vanessa pushed herself back into a straight position and put her fingers underneath the lower edge of her buttocks. Then she flicked her ass cheeks up in a swift motion. This caused her assmeat to jiggle and bounce wildly up and down. She continued this mesmerizing action several times. Looking over her shoulder, the flame-haired knockout could see that Lineman was rubbing his straining tool through his pants. She had achieved the intended effect. So she let the panties fall to the ground. 

 

 "Here you are!" 

 A familiar voice startled Vanessa when she had just bent over to pick her lace thong up. As fast as she could, she straightened herself and looked directly at Steve. He was standing next to the room-divider. Instantly, Vanessa blushed. 

 The worst case scenario had just occurred! Steve had found out the truth about her! She was at a loss of words. She felt like frozen to the ground. She barely managed to hide the hand that was holding the thong behind her back. 

 "What are you doing?" Steve continued. "I was looking for you all over the place." 

 Vanessa couldn't bring herself to reply. All she could see was her future as a posh trophy wife drifting away. Her tits were covered but she was still hiding a telltale piece of her strip show behind her back. What if he discovered the thong? Their relationship would be over. And her lewd actions wouldn't remain a secret in the country club for long either. 

 Her continued silence made Steve wary. He started becoming suspicious of the poker game. He began wondering why she was standing there stiff as a poker with her hand behind her back. 

 "Hi, nice to meet you." Greyhair suddenly broke the awkward silence. "I think we haven't been introduced yet. We're working with Vanessa at the law firm." 

 Greyhair's distraction had come at the perfect moment, just before Steve had inquired about her strange behaviour. It gave Vanessa some time to collect herself. Out of the blue, she heard Greyhair inviting Steve to join the poker game. She couldn't let that happen! She couldn't have Steve participating in the game! 

 "I know you're not a poker fan." she finally found her voice back and interrupted Greyhair. "I thought you might wanna enjoy some time with your pals." 

 "No problem, honey." Steve replied. "Just let me know where you're going next time." 

 Vanessa breathed a huge sigh of relief when he started turning around. She was getting off the hook! 

 But suddenly, he stopped in his tracks. Something seemed to bother him. 

 "Really everything OK?" he pressed the issue. "You seem so tensed up." 

 "What's up with your hands?" he inquired pointing at the hand Vanessa still hid behind her back. 

 She wasn't off the hook at all! She broke out in a cold sweat. This was the straw that broke the camel's back. She didn't know what to say. She didn't know how to explain the thong in her hand. She didn't know how to escape this situation. Steve was waiting for an answer. She had to react. 

 "I... I...," she stuttered searching for the right words. 

 "She made a mess on the table knocking down her glass." Lineman filled in and once again drew Steve's attention away from the ginger slut. "We were just trying to wipe it up." 

 Vanessa gladly took his hint. She used the distraction to scrunch up the thong until a white tip was all that peaked out of her hand. Then she used this tip to wipe off some spilled bubbly from the poker table. Her heart beat in her throat out of fear Steve might recognize the white lacy fabric while she used her precious thong as nothing more than a rag. She loved her expensive clothes and now her panties were getting soiled with liquid. But it helped keeping Steve in the dark. He didn't take a closer look at the rag. 

 "Let's play another round!" Beardman suggested the moment Vanessa had wiped up the spilled bubbly and stowed the thong in her purse. 

 They were all looking at Steve while the cards were dealt. But he didn't show any intention to leave. His interest in Vanessa's new hobby seemed piqued. 

 "Didn't know you were into poker." he expressed his astonishment. "Guess I'm gonna watch you play a few rounds." 

 Instantly, the cold sweat was back to Vanessa's brow. Would this ever be over? She felt like going through hell. And the ride didn't seem to ever stop. She wanted to shout at him to leave. But of course, she couldn't do that. 

 What if she lost this round? Were the guys forcing her to fulfil a task anyway? Their mocking smiles clearly showed her that they tremendously enjoyed watching the bonus whore struggle to retain her composure. And she more than struggled! The stakes couldn't be higher. She was nervous as hell. She was fidgeting around on her chair. She was barely able to concentrate on her cards. 

 It didn't look good when Greyhair showed the flop. Beardman went all in and she wasn't allowed to fold. As he had more chips than her, he wouldn't even be out of the game if she won. Vanessa didn't have any combination yet. It didn't get better with the turn card. Vanessa began squirming on her seat. She felt like fainting. The flop became blurred in front of her eyes. Her house of cards was about to collapse! 

 Then Greyhair showed the river card. It was a king. 

 "Oh fuck!" Beardman exclaimed before Vanessa had even realized the outcome. 

 With the final card, the ginger slut had gotten a pair of kings and beaten Beardman's pair of queens. She had won! She had dodged the bullet at the last second. 

 "Yeah! Take them to the cleaners!" Steve shouted out. "Seems like you'll be playing for a while. Don't mind me. I'll go play some blackjack." 

 And then he was gone. A whole bag of stones fell off Vanessa's shoulder. 

 "Woah! That was close!" Beardman blurted out the moment Steve had left the poker room. 

 "Yeah!" Lineman agreed. "But it was a hell of a blast! Imagine that guy's face if he saw the bonus whore with her tits hanging out!" 

 The three men hollered and cheered. They obviously enjoyed watching Vanessa squirm from agitation while going through these dangerous, dubious situations. For the moment, the stunning redhead didn't care. She was simply glad that she had survived Steve's visit. 

 

 Vanessa wasn't that lucky with the next poker rounds though. Once again, she lost against a high card. The thrill of Steve's presence had stirred the guy's excitement and stimulated their dirty minds. So they came up with naughtier ideas. 

 "Don't wanna let that thong go to waste!" Beardman exclaimed. "It's the perfect decoration for a slut! Wear it as a necklace!" 

 Vanessa looked at him in disbelief. She had to gulp down. This sounded incredibly humiliating. It would be such a cheap, trashy display. Only the filthiest skank would wear her panties like that. Vanessa looked at Beardman with a pleading gaze. But his expression remained stern. 

 "Better hurry up!" he sneered. "Or else, you will walk over to the other poker table and ask them what they think about your new slut-necklace, stupid cow." 

 "Nooo!" Vanessa immediately protested. "I'll wear the thong as my slut- necklace, sir." 

 "I'm sorry for hesitating." she added trying to calm the guy. "I'll be a good slut for you." 

 The stunning redhead resigned herself to her fade and took the thong out of her purse. It was still wet with the spilled bubbly. It felt used and dirty. Quickly, she put the panties around her neck. It was so humiliating to wear a soiled, soggy thong as necklace. 

 The next round, Vanessa lost against pairs. She had to reopen the gown and act as the 'Tit-Slider' again. The ginger slut was slowly getting better. She needed less attempts and no chips fell off the table. But the rough felt was becoming a torture device. Her voluptuous funbags were slowly turned into raw meat. Her full globes were completely glowing in a dark crimson colour. The raspy sensations on her soft titflesh were maddening. 

 Her nipples were burning from irritation. The slut-necklace around her neck was a constant sting of humiliation. Her cunt was itching like a mosquito bite. All these different sensations were converging in her loins. Vanessa's entire attention began focusing on her yearning pussy. The Steve incident was completely forgotten. She was struggling to keep focused on the poker game. 

 

 "Yeah!" Lineman finally exclaimed. 

 He had just won a round with three jacks. Finally, one of them had won with a higher combination than a pair. 

 "It's time for some good old cocksmoking!" he shouted out in joy. "Been waiting to get those pouty lips wrapped around my cock all along! " 

 The massive footballer didn't waste a second to pull his chair away from the table. Vanessa could hear him opening his belt, undoing his zipper, and letting his pants fall to his ankles. She immediately reacted and walked over to him swaying her hips sexily. Lineman pushed the flame-haired beauty onto her knees. 

 "Hold that slutty mouth open, little whore!" he ordered. 

 Vanessa instantly obeyed and opened her lips as wide as she could. The big, burly guy let the ginger slut kneel on the ground for a few moments. She felt more than stupid waiting with her mouth wide open. In her mind, she flashed back to Tucker's degrading dogslut treatment. Kneeling on the ground with her mouth open as if waiting for her bone made her feel exactly like the low dogslut once again. 

 Finally, the fat footballer heaved his body off the chair and positioned himself in front of the open-mouthed bonus whore. Without using his hands, he simply pushed his hips forward and drove his straining cock into the slut's mouth. Her lips didn't even touch his dick. He pushed his hard tool in and out of her open mouth several times. This made Vanessa feel even more stupid. She simply kneeled on the ground and motionlessly let the guy have his way with one of her fuckholes. She felt like a blow-up doll. 

 Then he began to properly use the fuckwhore's mouth. He forcefully drilled his cock in and out of her slutty facecunt. With each thrust, he pushed deeper down her throat. The strain on her face caused Vanessa to tightly grip her thighs while she obediently submitted to his skull fucking. She didn't have any control over the situation. She could only hold her pouty lips open. 

 Each forceful thrust made her gag. Drool filled her oral cavity. It didn't take long until the slobber started running out hanging off her chin in long bubbly strands. Eventually, Lineman held his cock inside Vanessa's mouth. He grabbed the base of his shaft and started swirling it around. Gurgling and chortling sounds erupted when he twirled the slobber around. 

 Once again, the other two guys howled with laughter. Vanessa felt another sting of debasement. Lineman savoured the degrading act to the fullest. He continued the swirling until Vanessa's mouth was overflowing with drool. When he finally pulled his cock out of her spluttering mouth, a torrent of thick, gooey slobber spurted out of her cakehole and coated her big, round funbags. 

 Lineman didn't give the redhead any chance to rest though. He simply picked Vanessa up and laid her onto the poker table. He placed her with her back on the table while her head hung down the edge. The ginger slut opened her mouth automatically. Just in time, when Lineman positioned his crotch above her face and drilled his cock down in a vertical angle. In this position, he was able to spear her throat much deeper than before. He basically started fucking her tonsils. Vanessa was completely at his mercy. She could do nothing but endure the forceful gag fuck. 

 "QuackQuackQuackQuack" 

 Tears shot into her eyes and pitiful chokes filled the air while Lineman went on a rampage in her throat. To her own amazement, Vanessa eagerly submitted to the harsh, debasing treatment. She was in complete slut-mode as Stanton's deal- sweetener by now. She even embraced the rough manhandling. She didn't try to control his powerful downward thrusts with her hands. Instead, she had a better use for her hands. With her legs spread wide, the gown was pushed completely to the right and her leaking cunt was revealed. She spread her cunt open while driving two fingers into her smacking pussy. 

 She was close to cumming when Lineman suddenly released Vanessa's mouth. She could only draw in a few much needed breaths while he took a step forward. Thereby, he placed his fat, wobbly ass right above the redhead's face and positioned his thick cock between her voluptuous juggs. 

 Vanessa was almost thankful for the end of the skull fuck. The outlook wasn't that much better though. She screamed out when Lineman grabbed her scratched, glowing knockers and squeezed them around his cock. But the shriek was drowned out by his fat, hairy ass. The flame-haired beauty didn't even need an order to know her duty. It was a task she had always despised. Lineman expected her to munch on his ass while he fucked her juggs. 

 Tentatively, she spread his white, hairy ass cheeks. The sight of his crack and wrinkled asshole was anything but appealing. Hesitantly, she stuck her tongue out of her mouth. She didn't dare to disappoint the guys any further. Stanton was counting on her to fulfil her role as deal-sweetener. She had to please them to make them sign the contract. 

 Gulping down, she pushed forward and reluctantly licked down the guy's ass crack. It tasted even worse than it looked and her head shook in disgust. The well-known, loathed, bitter flavour was back in her mouth instantly. But the soft tongue on Lineman's ass had the effect of making him groan out. His reaction encouraged the bonus whore. He was pleased with her service. 

 Again, she dove between his fat butt cheeks and pressed her tongue against his tight asshole. She swirled her soft tongue around bathing his rosebud in spit. The vile, yucky taste didn't get any better but the fact that she was acting in such a nasty way excited her - and not only her. She could hear Lineman's groans becoming louder. He heftily squeezed her poor, burning funbags and thrust his straining cock through her massive cleavage until he couldn't hold out any longer. 

 Seconds before his cock exploded, he took a step back and positioned himself above Vanessa's face. Like a good slut, she opened her mouth awaiting the sticky cum to splatter her face. But when his gooey load shot out of his dick, he surprised the smoking hot redhead. He pointed his tool away from her face. Instead, he spurted his spunk into her slut-necklace. He used Vanessa's lace thong as a cum-wipe. The ginger slut only winced when she saw him ruining her precious panties. 

 

 Moments later, Vanessa sat back at the poker table with a sticky, sperm- splattered and alcohol-soaked thong around her neck. The elating feeling of being the star of the decadent 'Monte Carlo Ball' was long gone. Only the fear of being found out as a whore was still hovering above her head like the sword of Damocles. Her luck in the poker game didn't change to the better. The next round, she lost against Beardman. 

 "Yeah! That's a proper win!" he exclaimed in joy. "Gotta go big or go home! This Full House here will give me the full 'Bonus Service'!" 

 To her surprise, Vanessa didn't care what kind of naughty task the 'Bonus Service' included. All she cared about was to quench the hot lava flowing through her pussy. Anything that brought relief was fine. 

 "Let's start with a proper juggfuck!" Beardman suggested. "Those glowing funbags are beaming at me so invitingly. They look like they're begging to be mauled!" 

 Apparently, 'Bonus Service' implied every sex act the guy came up with. And these guys were clearly focused on Vanessa's magnificent boobs. Once again, the ginger slut opened the zipper of her gown to reveal her big, ripe melons. Then she positioned herself in between Beardman's legs. She kneaded her massive, round juggs alluringly in front of his face. Slowly, she squatted down while pressing her soft titmeat against his chest. The flame-haired knockout let her big fat fucktits slide down his front until she reached his crotch. 

 She leaned backwards while opening her legs wide. This way, she squatted in front of the guy presenting her big, round funbags and dripping wet cunt to him. She used her left forearm to lift her ripe melons while spreading her wet pussy lips open with her right fingers. Pushing her arm up and down, she made her soft cans bounce and shake while she showed off the pink inner flesh of her snatch. 

 "Mmmhhh!" the fiery redhead purred. "Can you see my pussy leaking out? I'm sooo hot and horny!" 

 "Mmmhhh!" she continued her seduction. "You know what looks even better than big juicy tits? Big wet tits!" 

 Following her invitation, she offered her full, ripe melons to Beardman. He took the hint and spit directly onto her left, red-hot boob right atop her nipple. 

 "Mmmhhh!" Vanessa purred again. 

 Turning around, she offered her voluptuous tits to Greyhair and Lineman letting them add their spittle on her bust. She commented each spitting with a purr. 

 Vanessa knew that she finally acted like a wanton, lewd fuckslut. She was so aroused, she couldn't help herself. It came naturally to her. While her eyes were sparkling with lust, she massaged the thick spittle into her titflesh making her luscious melons glisten wetly. But she wasn't satisfied with the shine yet. 

 With pursed lips, she gathered some spit in her mouth. In an exaggerated manner, she let the bubbly drool run out of her mouth. It formed a long strand that slowly trickled down to her left tit. When the slobber strand connected with her titmeat, it tore off her lips and fell down right across her bodacious boobs. 

 By now, Vanessa had the guys clearly in her grip. She looked like a total slut and acted like a depraved fuckwhore. She really proved why every man was praising Queeny Ho as the nastiest fuckwhore ever. She savoured the perverted act of rubbing the drool into her massive cleavage. Then she fell onto her knees and scuttled forward until she was kneeling in between Beardman's legs. Squeezing her fat fucktits from the sides, she presented the deep, soft, fleshy cleft to him. 

 "Hmmm!" she purred trying to further entice the guy. "Please, sir! Let me use my assets to serve you!" 

 She wrapped her titmeat around his straining cock and began pumping her juggs up and down his shaft. Every time his dick rammed through Vanessa's cleavage, his cockhead scooped up more drool. 

 "Let's test what a perverted whore you really are!" Beardman exclaimed with a choppy voice. "Eat your own slobber!" 

 Vanessa bent her head and started licking the frothy drool off his cockhead each time it peaked out of her fleshtunnel. Beardman basically fed the spit back to the slut. He was sliding the slobber back to the place it had come from. 

 It was such a perverse action that it further fuelled the fire burning in Vanessa's loins. With her excitement increasing, her naughtiness increased exponentially. She started mauling her titflesh while pumping it up and down Beardman's dick. Thereby, the pressure on his cock increased. 

 Vanessa's irritated, scratched boobs reacted to the rough treatment by sending waves of pain through her body. The anguish mixed with the pleasure and became an ecstatic surge. It spurred the redhead on even further. She mauled and kneaded her titflesh mercilessly while continuing to lick the drool off the dickhead. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 19 ****** byCathartico© Beardman was coming close to the edge. But he didn't want to waste the whole 'Bonus Service' on a juggfuck. With surprising speed, the stocky guy jumped off his chair and pulled Vanessa up. He pushed her over the table and drove his cock up her pussy in one swift motion. Fortunately, the ginger slut's pussy was overflowing so his shaft slid easily inside. 

 "Ooohhhh!" Vanessa moaned out. 

 She was close to losing control. With her last conscious action, she pushed her wrist between her lips. Biting down onto it, she muffled her cries of pleasure. The other poker table was still fully occupied. Although they were pretty noisy themselves, Vanessa's shrieks would drown out every other sound. 

 Beardman didn't get distracted by this. He simply kept on pounding the slut's wet fuckhole. He banged her bent over the table like a random slut. He didn't even look at her face anymore. He rode her like a mare - as if he was trying to tame a wild horse. Her pussy juices were causing sloshing and slurping noises in rhythm to his cunt drilling. 

 Vanessa was completely lost in her own world - a world in which only the ecstatic mix of pleasure and pain existed. Mauling her tits wasn't enough anymore. The stunning redhead started using her free hand to pinch her irritated nipples. This caused her to wince around her wrist in between the muffled moans. The burning stings exploded like electric jolts in her pussy. When she tweaked and twisted her nipple, the wave finally broke and a staggering orgasm swept her away sending her cunt into spasms. 

 These spasms powerfully gripped Beardman's cock and squeezed it mercilessly. It was enough to make his balls explode. While groaning out loud, he gripped the base of his cock to keep it from cumming. Then he turned the slut around and made her kneel. Jet after jet of hot gooey cum sprayed out of his cock. He came like a geyser. But once again, he didn't glaze the redhead's face. Instead, he shot his entire huge sperm load into the slut-necklace. By now, the lace thong was a wet, sticky mess. 

 When Beardman stepped away from the slut, she slumped to the ground. She was breathing heavily from the crashing orgasm. The slut-necklace felt incredibly icky and gross on her neck. And she was leaking pussy juice like sweat in a sauna. 

 "Well, two down! One more to go!" Greyhair commented the scene. 

 

 He was the only one that needed to cum yet. To Greyhair's dismay, Vanessa went into a short winning streak. The tall guy was getting uneasy. He was incredibly aroused from the perverted fuck shows he had observed. His balls were boiling and he desperately needed to cum. 

 His frustration was increased when Beardman had to go to the restrooms. They had to wait for his return. In the meantime, Lineman and Greyhair discussed the exciting course of the deal-sweetening. Obviously, the slut-march and Steve incident had thrilled them the most. They were more than eager to put the bonus whore through another exhibitionistic game and watch her squirm and struggle. So Greyhair came up with a new, debauched idea. 

 "The slut-necklace is getting old!" he called out. "Strip it off and wear the thong as a slut-cap!" 

 Vanessa didn't understand what he was saying and she looked at him with a dump, confused expression. 

 "Nice!" Lineman shouted out and high-fived Greyhair congratulating him for his nasty idea. 

 "I... I... I'm supposed to wear the panties on my head?" Vanessa stuttered in disbelief. 

 This task was too humiliating. The soiled panties were disgustingly sticky. They were so yucky she couldn't even touch them without shuddering from repulsion. 

 "Please, sir!" she started begging. "My hair will get ruined. It's not sexy! You wanna fuck a sexy slut, don't you?" 

 Her desperate pleads only made the guys howl with laughter. There was no way out of this task. 

 "You can lick the panties clean first!" Greyhair suggested. 

 Vanessa gulped at this offer. The thong was coated with gallons of drying sperm. It would taste more than yucky. But she had to go back to the party after the poker game was over. She couldn't ruin her hair. She had to do anything in her power to keep her appearance as decent as possible. 

 With a miserable look on her face, she took the thong off her neck. She looked at the sticky fabric while spreading the panties open. It looked even more disgusting than it felt. Gulping down her repulsion, she tentatively stuck out her tongue. Slowly, she pushed her face forward and dove into the soiled thong. Greyhair stopped the bonus whore the moment the sticky panties covered her face. 

 "Get your ass in front of the divider, whore!" he ordered. 

 Vanessa remained dead in her tracks. He couldn't be serious! The room-divider comprised three milk glass panes in between the wooden frame. Her outlines would be vaguely visible through the glass! It would be a blurred vision. But still, her figure would be recognizable! 

 What if someone else than Beardman passed the divider? What if someone from the other poker table took a close view? The danger was imminent. But the alternative wasn't much better. She couldn't put the sperm-splattered thong onto her head and ruin her hair either. Vanessa was in a fierce dilemma. 

 The guys were bringing the exhibitionistic thrill to a head. The redhead knew how much they enjoyed these situations. There was no negotiating it. They considered it part of the deal-sweetening. Reluctantly, she stepped in front of the room-divider. She was trembling in fear. However, she began shaking her ass. Tentatively at first but with every dirty comment by the guys her swaying hips picked up speed. 

 While shaking her hips and tits, Vanessa pushed her soft tongue back into her thong. She licked up and down the fabric that was supposed to cover her pussy. The gooey spunk was already getting lumpy. Immediately, the salty, rancid flavour filled her mouth. She had become accustomed to the taste of cum. But this was a big, partly slimy, partly caky mass. 

 "Uuuggghhh!" Vanessa couldn't stifle her outcries of disgust. 

 Nevertheless, she acted like a good slut and continued lapping up the yucky mess. Shudders of revulsion joint the gyrating of her hips while her mouth slowly filled with slimy cum. The two guys had a blast mocking the slut. They mercilessly taunted her. They acted as if they saw Steve or one of her gossip friends walking into the poker room. Finally, Vanessa's mouth was full. The panties were far from clean though. Still, she stopped and presented her full mouth to the guys. Greyhair came up with another debauched idea. 

 "C'mon whore, I can see that you love the taste of cum. I bet you can't get enough of it! Spit that jizz against the glass plate and lick it off!" 

 With her mouth full, Vanessa could only whimper in response. But Greyhair didn't give in. Vanessa knew that her protest wouldn't help. It would only spur them on to come up with an even naughtier and more dangerous idea. The flame- haired knockout had to spit the cum against the glass plate. 

 It was an incredibly obscene sight of the white spunk running down the upper milk glass pane in slimy strands. Vanessa briefly hesitated before she pushed her face against the glass and started running her tongue over it. 

 "Yeah, that's what you like, you little whore!" Lineman scoffed. "Shake that ass and maul those tits, slut!" 

 Vanessa groaned in despair when she noticed that her round, naked juggs were visible through the mid-level glass plate. She felt so exposed. While the redhead lapped away at the milk glass pane, Beardman came back from the restrooms. She felt incredibly relieved. His return would finally release her from her demeaning task. But surprisingly, the guy didn't head over to their poker table. Instead, he turned to the other side. 

 That moment, Vanessa realized that the person wasn't Beardman. It was a player from the other table! 

 Suddenly, the stranger stopped in his tracks. Something had attracted his attention. He looked back over his shoulder and gazed directly at the divider. The flame-haired beauty froze in shock. He was clearly seeing her outlines! She didn't dare to move another inch. She was afraid another movement would make him more suspicious. She was standing bent over with her tongue on the upper milk glass pane and her tits showing through the middle glass plate. There was no way around it. He had to detect it. 

 The stranger was getting curious by the blurry outlines so he turned back and took a step towards the room-divider. That moment, Beardman appeared behind him and greeted him with a slap on the shoulder. Obviously, he knew the man. Beardman instantly distracted him and engaged him in a conversation about the poker games. 

 "C'mon whore! We ain't got all day! Finish your tasty meal!" Greyhair ordered the bonus whore in the meantime. 

 Cautiously, the stunning redhead picked up where she had left off and licked the remaining spunk off the milk glass pane. She could see Beardman manoeuvring the guy out of sight. He had persuaded the stranger to show him the stack of chips he had earned at the other poker table. 

 Despite this fortunate development, the shock still gripped Vanessa to the marrow. She finished licking all the jizz off the plate as quickly as possible. Then she looked back at Greyhair and Lineman. She was an emotional mess. 

 With a triumphant grin on his face, Lineman held his cell phone up. He had written Beardman a text message. It had all been a setup! Beardman had been ready to distract the guy anytime. They had been playing a nerve-wrecking mind game with the bonus whore! 

 Greyhair and Lineman could barely hide how much fun they were having and they wanted to savour it some more. So they ordered Vanessa to finish cleaning her sticky thong. Once again, the ginger slut pushed her face into her sperm- splattered, alcohol-soaked panties. She had to work her tongue on the lumps of dried sperm. The gobs stuck to the fabric and wouldn't go off easily. She had to scrape them off. All that scraping only intensified the rancid, nasty taste in her mouth. 

 When her work was done and the thong was free of spunk, she had to spit the cum against the mid-level milk glass pane. This time, the flame-haired knockout had to use her full, ripe melons to wipe the slimy goo off. All the time, Beardman stood on the other side of the room-divider and watched the obscene spectacle until the glass plate was clean and shiny again. 

 Vanessa didn't get much time to catch a breath though. The next degradation was already waiting for her. She had to pull the panties on her head like a baseball cap. With a miserable expression on her face, the ginger slut pulled the thong over her head so she was looking out of the leg holes. She cringed from embarrassment. She felt extremely pathetic. Getting panty-headed felt so grotesquely debasing. It was a new low – especially as it was happening right in her beloved, exclusive country club. She couldn't even imagine Steve's reaction if he ever saw her like this. 

 

 The game went on with Vanessa sitting at the table in her slut-costume – panties on her head and red-hot tits exposed. She frantically tried to win the next round to strip the thong off her head. But she failed. Instead, it was Greyhair who scored the victory. And this time it was a straight to the ten - a big win. 

 "At fucking last!" he exclaimed spreading his arms in a victory gesture. 

 "Damn, what a lucky bastard!" Beardman shouted out. "He gets the 'A-Train' task!" 

 "Hey, been waiting the longest!" Greyhair replied. "I just got what I deserve!" 

 Greyhair looked like he was about to boil over any second when he jumped up and grabbed the flame-haired bonus whore. After waiting for so long, he had too much energy bottled-up. Vanessa was well aware that she was in for an utterly ruthless ride. And the task perfectly fit the approaching grudge fuck. 

 Greyhair didn't hesitate for a second. He was on a mission and there was no stopping him. He pulled Vanessa up and made her kneel on the chair with her big, round funbags hanging over the back rest and her ass sticking out invitingly. Her panties remained over her head as the humiliating slut-cap. 

 He put his hard cock against the redhead's pussy. Instead of shoving his dick into her wet hole, he scooped up the copious amount of cunt juice and slathered it around her puckered asshole. Firmly holding onto Vanessa's shoulders, he pushed her body back while ramming his cock deep into her ass. 

 Vanessa grunted when his rod forced her tight anal ring open. He didn't give her any chance to get accustomed to the girth of his cock. Instead, he slammed his shaft down her ass chute with all his might. He began humping her asshole in rapid speed. He was touching Vanessa deep down her bowel. His cock was longer than Beardman's, though not as thick. 

 "Your glorious puppies are already beaming!" he grunted while reaming her ass hard. "Now, it's time to see a wide open o-ring beaming too!" 

 With these words, he pulled his cock out of Vanessa's ass. It took the flame- haired slut a few seconds to realize what he was expecting. Then she reached back with her hands and spread her ass cheeks to reveal her split open sphincter for his visual inspection. 

 "Beam!" Greyhair shouted out. 

 Vanessa's puckered asshole had loosened up and a small gape, framed by her nicely French-manicured fingers, was visible. However, he wasn't impressed with the size of the gape. 

 SLAP 

 Greyhair expressed his disappointment with a harsh slap to Vanessa's bottom leaving a red fingerprint on her left buttock. 

 "That's a poor gape, fuckwhore!" he huffed. 

 "And you wanna be a real slut?" he scoffed. "I wanna see an open-mouthed, hollow cavity winking at me! Only then you earned the title of slut!" 

 "Beg for it!" he hissed. 

 Vanessa didn't have a choice. She was here to entertain the guys and please them with her fuckholes. His derogatory words only emphasised this purpose. She felt hurt in her pride of being the local superwhore. 

 "Please, sir! Tear this slut a new one! Make her ass yours!" the flame-haired beauty whispered under her breath. She was still weary of the people at the other poker table. 

 "Why am I slapping you?" 

 "Because I am a stupid, teasing whore that needs to learn how to gape like a proper slut." Vanessa hastily replied. 

 Lineman and Beardman had their mouth open in awe as they watched the self- degradation of their bonus whore. 

 "Let's see what beams first - those ass cheeks or that o-ring!" Greyhair simply commented before he went back to work of prying open Vanessa's third eye. 

 He shoved his cock balls deep down her ass chute and started reaming her butthole again. He was in better shape than the other two guys with a lot more stamina so he kept up his speed. 

 After a few minutes of powerful bunghole drilling, he pulled back out to the slurping sound of Vanessa's ass. As soon as his cock slid out, her French- nailed hands reached back and spread her ass cheeks open. 

 "Beam!" he mockingly shouted again. 

 SLAP 

 Another blow hit her bottom. This time it reddened her right buttock. A red framed black hole was showing off between the redhead's butt cheeks. Her anal ring had further opened up. It gaped around the size of a 10 cent coin. But it still didn't satisfy Greyhair. So he went back to fucking Vanessa's asshole into oblivion. 

 "I like fucking a beat red ass!" Greyhair grunted while thrusting his cock in and out of Vanessa's quivering butthole. 

 He continued the process of fucking the redhead's asshole loose and making her gape for his inspection. All the while, Vanessa had to bite onto her wrist to keep herself from groaning loudly while her ass was getting a major workout. 

 "Beam!" 

 SLAP 

 "Thank you sir for teaching this whore a lesson how to become a better slut!" To Vanessa disgrace, Greyhair made her thank him for each spanking. 

 "Beam!" 

 SLAP 

 "Thaaank yooouuu sirrr... for teaching this whore a lesson how to become a better slut!" Vanessa whined while trying her best to keep her voice low. 

 Four more stinging blows landed on Vanessa's poor bottom. By now, her ass was on fire glowing in dark red colours. Her butt cheeks felt like raw meat rivalling her scratched juggs. The heat was spreading from her butt over her entire body and reignited the craving in her loins. Although she had come not long ago, her arousal was back with a vengeance. 

 Desperately, Vanessa tried to make her asshole beam properly at Greyhair. Every time he pulled out of her, she relaxed her ass and pushed her sphincter open as wide as she could. By now, her bunghole was showing telltale signs of the rough onslaught. The sore edges were jagged and welled. Once again pain was added to Vanessa's pleasure blending to a new sensation. 

 Lineman and Beardman were lost for words while watching the depraved spectacle. They couldn't believe the eagerness with which the bonus whore assisted in her own debasement. They were so excited their cocks had grown stiff again and they began jacking off. 

 "Beam!" 

 At the sixth attempt, Vanessa used all her might to push her asshole open like a blooming flower. Accidentally, a loud fart escaped her ass. The three guys were laughing at the pathetic, panty-headed slut again. Vanessa squirmed with shame. Her face blushed deeply from embarrassment. 

 Her asshole was yawning at the guys. It stood open like a barn door almost reaching the size of a 50 cent coin. She was bracing herself for the next slap. But it didn't come. 

 "That's a decent gape for a slut!" Greyhair exclaimed instead. 

 Finally, the gape training was over. But Greyhair hadn't cum yet. He sat down on a chair and called the bonus whore over. 

 "Time to do the work, fuckslut!" he ordered. 

 Vanessa followed his command and positioned herself in between his legs. She turned around so she was facing away from the guy. Gripping Greyhair's straining tool, she slowly lowered herself. Her pried open asshole didn't offer any resistance when she speared herself with his shaft. She slid down his dick until she felt his balls hitting her cunt. 

 Vanessa began riding Greyhair in reverse cowgirl. She pushed herself up and down his cock. She had to support her body by propping her hands against his thighs. As a result, she wasn't able to muffle her screams of pleasure any longer. 

 "Ooohhh! Aaahhh!" 

 "Shut the slut up!" Greyhair instructed the other two guys. "Don't wanna get interrupted." 

 Beardman reacted first. He took the slut-cap and pulled it off Vanessa's head. The ginger slut was too occupied with her pleasure to feel any relief though. The next time she opened her mouth to groan out loud, Beardman stuffed his cock into her mouth and muffled her screams. 

 Greyhair's stamina was astonishing. He was fucking the bonus whore for more than fifteen minutes by now and he still didn't seem close to cumming. He had grabbed Vanessa's red-hot funbags and used them like handles to direct the dick-humping movements of the ginger slut. 

 "C'mon guys! It's the last round. Let's make it a free for all." he suggested when he saw Lineman jacking off furiously. 

 The massive footballer complied with a smile on his face. He quickly stepped in front of the bonus whore and crammed his throbbing cock into her snatch. 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" Vanessa screamed around Beardman's cock. 

 All three guys had their dicks stuffed into one of her fuckholes by now. She sucked on one cock while her cunt and ass were pounded with reckless abandon. They mercilessly rubbed the thin tissue separating her pussy and ass pipe. This new sensation drove Vanessa wild. 

 The double pounding was intense and it didn't take long until she came again. This set-off Lineman. Abruptly, he pulled his cock out of Vanessa's pussy and turned away. Her drilled out snatch remained open invitingly. Her glistening pissflaps alluringly fluttered around the open fuckhole. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 19 ****** byCathartico© Beardman didn't last much longer. He only thrust into her wet mouth a few more times before his balls were ready to explode. Following Lineman's lead, he simply stepped away from the slut before shooting his load. 

 Finally, Greyhair had reached his boiling point as well. With a loud grunt, his cock started jerking. He pushed the ginger slut off his lap but didn't turn her around to spurt his cum onto her face. He simply left the bonus whore lying on the ground. 

 It took Vanessa several minutes until she had collected herself. When she looked up, she finally saw the reason why the guys had shied away from splashing their spunk onto the slut. Beardman held Vanessa's empty champagne glass in front of her face. But it wasn't empty any longer. Instead, it was filled with three sizable loads of cum. 

 The stout guy swivelled the glass around. The sticky jizz was so thick it barely moved. The slimy sperm filled one third of the glass. The idea of swallowing this amount of gooey cum made her stomach churn. Everybody laughed at the pained expression on her face. 

 "Ready for the final task?" Beardman teased the slut. 

 "Let's make this more thrilling, what you guys think?" Lineman chipped in. They were still not tired of their dirty, exhibitionistic games. 

 "Get that glass filled with bubbly and drink it up in the ballroom. When we see the glass empty, we'll sign the contract." he explained his naughty idea while handing the cum-filled glass to Vanessa. 

 She sat on the ground completely taken aback while looking at the glass with bewildered eyes. She had pleased them to the fullest. She had acted like a depraved fuckslut in the country club while the danger of getting found out had loomed over her all the time. And still, they weren't satisfied. 

 How would she ever get that glass filled with bubbly without attracting attention? How could she walk around the exclusive ball with a glass full of cum? She had been more than lucky to remain undetected until now. But with this task, she saw her chances of keeping it that way floating away. 

 When Vanessa looked up at the three men, she choked on her pleads. Their stern eyes clearly told her that she wouldn't get rid of the task. Then they simply walked out of the poker room without another word while the stunned redhead continued looking at the cum-filled glass. 

 

 The flame-haired beauty had been so perplexed that she had stood next to the poker table for several moments. Finally, she sat back down onto a chair and pulled her hand mirror out of her purse to rearrange her appearance. Despite getting panty-headed and gag fucked, her hair and make-up were still pretty decent. When she was done, she looked as fresh as ever. 

 Nevertheless, she remained sitting on her chair. She didn't know how to carry on from this point. She couldn't imagine herself approaching a waiter with the cum-filled glass in her hand. She didn't dare to imagine his reaction when she asked him to fill the soiled glass with bubbly either. It would be so embarrassing. How would she ever explain all of it to the waiter? What if she ran into Megan or Steve on her way? 

 "Ah! There she is!" a well-known voice tore Vanessa out of her dazed state. 

 "You must have done a bang-up job! Those guys couldn't stop raving about our bonus whore!" 

 Without turning around, the redhead knew that it was Miller who had found her. 

 "Uuuhhh! That's one full glass, isn't it? Now, I know what they were talking about when they said something about a 'final task'!" he commented when he saw the glass in her hand. 

 "Hehehe!" Miller chuckled when he saw Vanessa's pained expression. "I like the way they think!" 

 "Maybe, I can help you with this!" he surprisingly offered his assistance. "I was just on my way to the restrooms..." 

 Vanessa was still too dumbfounded to react. But any help was better than walking into the ballroom and approaching a waiter under the watchful eyes of the party guests. Miller took her missing reaction as approval. 

 Before the redhead knew what was happening, Miller opened his zipper and stepped up to her. He took the cum-filled glass from her hand and held it underneath his cock. Then he let loose and began to piss into it. 

 Vanessa stared at the obscene occurrence with wide eyes. Only now, she realized what Miller had intended. And she didn't like it at all. The more the glass filled, the more her disgust increased. The yellow piss stream splashed into the glass and started mixing with the slimy sperm. When the glass was full, Miller handed it back to the ginger slut. 

 "Almost looks like bubbly." he commented his handiwork. "Enjoy your drink!" 

 He zipped up his pants and walked out of the room without another word. Once again, Vanessa was sitting at the poker table on her own. She gazed at the glass in disbelief. It looked gross and yucky. The thick strands of semen didn't dissolve completely in the piss. Instead, they began floating around in the yellow liquid. It was an extremely unsavoury sight. Simply looking at the gross mass in the glass was enough to make Vanessa gag. 

 Miller had spared her the embarrassment of approaching a waiter with the cum- filled glass. But his solution somehow didn't seem that much better. The thick, yellow liquid looked so grossly, she didn't even want to know how it would taste. Her inactivity didn't help her cause though. Eventually, Vanessa pulled herself together and got going. 

 She carefully walked out of the poker room towards the ballroom. All the way, she tightly grabbed the glass trying to cover most of the rancid, yucky content with her hand. This pose didn't look ladylike at all. But it was better than presenting the vile brew to the party guests. 

 Stepping into the ballroom, she could see that the party was at the peak. Lineman, Greyhair and Beardman stood in a circle and had a drink. They immediately spotted the bonus whore and looked at her expectantly. Vanessa had to gather all her courage and gulp down the huge lump in her throat. She saw a group of her gossip friends standing nearby the new clients. She only hoped that her friends already had a good booze going on. Maybe, they were too tipsy to take notice of the gross content in her glass. At least, the liquid was kind of yellowish. 

 She joined the circle of friends and listened to their chatter for a few moments. She was getting more and more nervous as she could see the three guys inching closer to her. They wanted to see her drink their cum. 

 Vanessa was getting frantic. So she came up with a reason to clink glasses. She had been right. Her gossip friends had been boozing for some time and didn't pay any attention to her glass. The redhead wanted to get over with this awful task as quickly as possible. So she took a big gulp after the first toast. This boldness almost became a costly affair. The nasty, yucky brew hit Vanessa like a punch to the stomach. She almost puked all over the floor. She had to pull herself together so that she wouldn't fold up and retch noisily. The liquid tasted rancid and bitter. In addition to the nasty flavour, the sperm had turned the piss load into a gooey glop she was barely able to swallow. 

 Vanessa tried her best to conceal her utter disgust. But her face clearly showed off her revulsion. Her tipsy friends were completely oblivious of her strange behaviour. But the three clients clearly enjoyed her struggles. 

 Vanessa had to force herself to make another toast. She couldn't take more than one gulp at one go. It was simply too repugnant. And she didn't dare to call her friends' attention. Because of the slow drinking, the yucky flavour became even more intensive. Her head started spinning from the vile taste. 

 Altogether, the flame-haired beauty needed three more toasts to swallow the whole piss and sperm mixture. When the glass was empty, she almost burped loud. She was nauseous and her stomach was churning. She didn't feel well at all. At least, Lineman, Greyhair and Beardman looked impressed. 

 As soon as Vanessa had swallowed the last drop, she stormed over to a waiter and asked for a non-alcoholic refill. In a desperate attempt to get a different taste, she downed the juice in one. It only helped a little though. The redhead needed a few more drinks before her churning stomach calmed down and her head stopped spinning from nausea. 

 

 Vanessa stayed in the ballroom and chatted with her gossip friends for a while. Slowly, her posh attitude came back to the forefront. After half an hour, she began to search for Steve. On her way out, she bumped into an elder man. 

 "Excuse me!" she exclaimed giving her best impression of 'Miss Arrogance'. 

 Looking up at the men's face, her arrogant attitude vanished. She had bumped into Connor. Instantly, memories of Connor's demeaning treatment at the restaurant hit her. 

 "Even at a cocktail party, you can't take the skank out of the whore." the person next to Connor exclaimed smugly. It was Stanton. "You definitely know how to look the part of a cheap, trashy bimbo skank - even in a cocktail gown." 

 "I can't believe they let such a 'thing' inside this club." Connor added. 

 He emphasised the word 'thing' to address Vanessa. It made her chill. She remembered how he had objectified her in the restaurant. It was such a mean, low treatment that her body immediately responded. Although the clients had made her cum two times during the poker game, her body embraced the degrading name-calling. 

 "We got something to celebrate." Stanton directed Vanessa's attention back to him. "The new clients finally signed the contract after enjoying your slut- service." 

 The two men didn't even ask for Vanessa to accompany them to their celebration. They simply dragged her out of the ballroom and into the library. She had barely stepped into the quiet room when she was welcomed by another familiar person. 

 "Look what we got here." Pavone greeted her. "The wannabe trophy whore finally made it into the high society. Hope you don't forget where you're coming from." 

 

 Vanessa was dumbstruck by the sudden appearance of the strip club owner. She hadn't expected him to be a guest at this exclusive cocktail party. She could feel a lump forming in her throat. She was still recovering from drinking the vile piss brew. 

 But Pavone's presence could only mean trouble for her. He enjoyed putting his 'Red Rose Whore' into her place. He loved showing her that she was nothing but a low hooker. His piece of fuckmeat he could use anyway he wanted, anywhere he wanted – especially in the country club. 

 "How does a whore present herself to her owner?" he suddenly addressed Vanessa with a stern voice. 

 "With her tits and ass exposed." she feebly answered. 

 The moment Pavone turned on his stern demeanor, Vanessa instantly snapped into her submissive mode. She had just gotten back into her posh, arrogant lady mood while gossiping with her girlfriends. But it didn't matter. A single order from Pavone was enough to flip a switch inside of her. The constant, sudden shifts between snobbish lady-self and submissive slut-self drove her wild. But they also excited her tremendously. 

 Without waiting for the next order, she opened two-thirds of the zipper. Her full, ripe melons immediately popped out of the gown. She bent forward and grabbed her ankles. Thereby, her big, fat fucktits dangled off her chest and her naked butt stuck out. 

 "Time for a toast!" Stanton interrupted Pavone's lesson. 

 He had filled three glasses with champagne and handed them to each guy. 

 "Not so fast!" Connor stopped the lawyer. "What is a celebration without some entertainment?" 

 "Show us what a dirty slut you are!" he suddenly addressed Vanessa. "Get yourself off! Better make yourself cum before we finish our drinks!" 

 Vanessa couldn't believe that she was about to be used as the entertainment slut again. The deal-sweetening session was barely over. She felt like she would never get a second to rest during this ball. 

 However, under the eyes of her bosses, the ginger slut behaved like a well- trained fucktoy and obeyed without further request. She squatted down and spread her legs wide. When she pushed two fingers into her cunt, Connor stopped her. 

 "C'mon slut! You don't want to disappoint us, do you? Show some creativity! No hands allowed!" 

 Vanessa was about to curse that damned motherfucker. They weren't about to make it easy for the slut. Wasn't it enough that she had entertained the new clients during the 'Monte Carlo Ball'? Did they really have to use her during the party as well? She was getting frantic. She wanted to get back to the ballroom as quickly as possible. 

 "Better hurry up, fuckwhore!" Stanton reprimanded his bonus whore. "If you don't cum before we finish the bottle of champagne, we'll cum all over your gown. You don't wanna prance around the ball with a cum-soiled dress, do you?" 

 Vanessa looked at the bottle. There wasn't much champagne left. She hectically looked around. She was in a library! There were no toys she could use. Her gaze roamed through the entire room. She was getting desperate. 

 Then her look got stuck in one of the bookshelves. She saw some exceptional bookends. They were formed in the shape of male statues holding the books with their backs. Hastily, Vanessa walked to the shelf and grabbed one of those statues. 

 She headed over to a chair and placed the bookend on top of the seat. Then she straightened up and positioned herself with a leg on each side of the chair. This way, her crotch was hovering directly above the statue. 

 Vanessa grabbed her ringed cunt flaps with her French-manicured fingers and pulled them apart to reveal her inner pink flesh. She slowly gyrated her hips letting her pussy spin above the head of the statue. She lowered herself until her snatch had engulfed the head of the statue. She slowly began pushing her hips up and down the bookend. 

 It wasn't easy to hump her new pleasure tool. The unusual form of the statue pushed strangely against her inner pussy walls. But her cunt was so wet that she could ride it easily. The flame-haired knockout had to get off quickly. It wasn't an easy task as she had already cum two times during the evening. So she tried to increase her arousal by grabbing her nipples and rolling them between her fingers. 

 "Mmmhhh! Ouh! Mmmhhh!" 

 "Hehehe! What a randy bitch! She's getting worked up by a bookend." Stanton mocked his bonus whore's behaviour. 

 "A slut like her takes every stick she can get and enjoys it." Pavone added with a chuckle. "I bet she can't pass a tree without humping the trunk." 

 The derogatory comments stimulated Vanessa even more. She couldn't believe it. Here she was standing in the library of the country club during an exclusive ball kneading her tits and humping a statue-shaped bookend - another humiliation on the day when she was supposed to be the star of a big high society event. But this dissonance was exactly what turned her on at the moment. 

 "C'mon slut! Show us what a rodeo skank you are! Hump faster!" Connor encouraged her. 

 For a few minutes, the guys enjoyed the obscene sight of their ginger slut riding a bookend like a bucking bull while her big, red-hot fucktits wildly jiggled up and down her chest. In the meantime, they discussed the reason for their celebration. Stanton and his partners had been busy closing deals with new clients for a reason. 

 "Finally, those three guys have signed the contracts! At last, all building owners have sold their properties." Pavone stated. 

 "Now, the hearing in the city council will be a piece of cake. I can let the application through on the nod and Garden Heights can be built." Connor added. 

 "I bet this wannabe trophy wife would love a nice house in Garden Heights." Pavone mocked his 'Red Rose Whore' that was working her ass off on the bookend in front of them. 

 All guys laughed about his joke. Vanessa only kept on moaning. Her arousal totally controlled her. She was barely able to comprehend what they were talking about. 

 "The whore has been a real hit with the building owners." Vanessa heard Stanton say. "It was a brilliant idea to film them fucking the slut. You can't believe how much the prices dropped when we threatened to send those videos to their wives." 

 "No one's going to miss that old industrial park anyways. It spoils the whole area." Connor stated. "The entire city will be glad about the new gated community we'll build." 

 "And we'll be glad about the money we get from selling those houses at inflated prices." Stanton exclaimed. "There's no other exclusive gated community like that in town. The houses will sell like hot cakes." 

 While the guys discussed their future plans, Vanessa was humping the bookend with a vigor. The three men almost ignored her by now although the flame-haired beauty slaved away at her embarrassing task. It was just another humiliating fact that stimulated the ginger slut even further. She had closed her eyes and grunted loudly. She could feel the orgasm approaching. 

 "Definitely the best plan you ever had." Pavone praised the lawyer. "My dirty money is laundered and in the process we make even more bucks ..." 

 Suddenly, his words were interrupted by a sound at the door. 

 "Excuse me. What is this noise?" a woman asked while she opened the door and poked her head into the library. 

 "Oh My God!" she exclaimed when the entire scene unfolded in front of her. 

 The female voice startled Vanessa. She opened her eyes and saw Megan Salpa staring at her. The rival to her throne could clearly see Vanessa humping the bookend. The moment the daunting realization hit the redhead, the orgasm broke loose in her loins... 

 

 *to be continued* *Tucker has to intervene to prevent a scandal...* Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 20 ****** byCathartico© "Oh... My... Gosh...!" Megan Salpa almost stuttered from astonishment. 

 She had heard some weird noises coming out of the country club library when she had passed the room. She had opened the door a crack and peeked inside. The scene she witnessed left her completely gobsmacked. 

 Megan looked directly at a red-haired woman humping a bookend with her pussy. And that woman was her club rival Vanessa Laren! This unexpected discovery totally overwhelmed her and instantly made her scream alarm. 

 Her shriek gave the three men inside the library a start. However, Stanton was quick to react. He jumped to his feet and rushed to the door. He grabbed the raven-haired woman and dragged her inside. At the same time, Pavone hastily pulled Vanessa off the bookend. 

 They positioned the two women in the middle of the library and formed a circle around them. Taken aback by Stanton's sudden reaction, Megan stopped screaming. But before the men had a chance to quiet the situation down, the raven-haired woman went into another outburst. 

 "Oh my god! Oh my god! I always knew you're a slut! But that beats everything!" she boiled with indignation. 

 "You got no shame at all, do you? You piece of dirt!" she couldn't calm herself by any means. "When the others get to know this..." 

 Megan didn't get around finishing the sentence. When she mentioned the other gossip girls, Vanessa snapped into motion and jumped at her loathed rival. Instantly, a catfight arose. The two women pulled each other's hair and wrestled around while screaming bloody murder. They shoved and tore at each other until they went down onto the floor. They didn't stop there. Instead, they continued fighting while rolling around the carpet. 

 Before one of the guys had a chance to pull them apart, the door burst open. Apparently, the women's screams had alarmed the other party guests. This was about to become a scandal for eternity... 

 Vanessa and Megan didn't even notice that someone came rushing into the library. They were too focused on clawing and screaming at each other. Suddenly, Vanessa was yanked up and pulled onto her feet. The same happened to Megan. 

 Startled by the sudden interruption, the two women stopped screaming. Vanessa looked at the person holding her in a tight grip. It was Tucker. The security service had been alarmed over the noise in the library! 

 "What's all this fuss about?" the burly, brute security guard barked at Vanessa. "Can't you behave for once? At least at a ball? We don't tolerate any troublemakers!" 

 Instantly, the two fighting bitches became as meek as lambs by Tucker's intimidating presence. The glammed-up divas stood in the library like little schoolgirls getting a roasting for a school prank. The security guard turned to the three men who were still forming a circle around the two women. 

 "Excuse the disturbance, gentlemen. I take care of this. Please, go back to the ballroom and enjoy the rest of the ball." 

 Tucker waited until the men had left the library before he turned his attention back to the fighting rivals. 

 "What the fuck were you two thinking? Didn't you get enough attention yet?" he asked while keeping them in his vice-like grip. 

 "I caught this 'slut' flashing her breasts and having sexual intercourse!" Megan accused Vanessa. She scornfully spat the word 'slut' at the flame-haired knockout. 

 "You're finished in this club when I'm done with you!" the raven-haired bitch directly addressed the redhead. 

 At this threat, Vanessa went wild again and tried to go for Megan's jugular. Tucker had to bring up all his strength to keep the women apart. 

 "No, you won't!" he intervened. "I can't allow that. We can't have such a scandal published. That's just what the tabloids are waiting for. This would be plastered all over the front pages for weeks! It would be a huge blow for the reputation of the club!" 

 In Vanessa's book, Tucker named a few good reasons to keep the scandal under the radar. His point of view calmed her down a bit. Maybe, her country club life wasn't lost yet. But his arguments didn't seem to convince Megan. Her electric blue eyes continued to shoot daggers at the redhead. This was her big chance to sweep Vanessa out of the way and conquer the throne of the country club. She didn't intend to leave it unexploited. 

 "We got some highly powerful members that valuate their privacy above all things." Tucker tried a new approach. "I can tell you! You can fall from grace more than quickly with these people! You'll never get out of the doghouse again! And all this fuss would count for nothing!" 

 This argument seemed to hit home. Megan visibly calmed down and looked at the burly, brute security guard. 

 "I don't come away empty-handed!" she raised her claim. "I'll get a slice of the pie!" 

 Megan's attitude clearly demonstrated her determination. Tucker realized that he had to offer something. 

 "How can we get your secrecy?" he asked the raven-haired bitch. 

 "This 'slut' has to acknowledge me as the queen of the club!" Megan demanded. "She'll be my servant. She'll indulge my every whim without protest!" 

 Listening to these demands, Vanessa's attitude flamed back up. The fire in her sparkling green eyes got reignited. She struggled against Tucker's clutch in an attempt to throw herself at her insolent rival. This bitch couldn't be serious! She would never bow to Megan's will! 

 "OK! It's a deal!" Tucker exclaimed to Vanessa's disbelief. "You keep this incident to yourself, and you get the 'slut' as your personal servant." 

 The flame-haired knockout's mouth fell open in surprise. She felt like the security guard had just sold her out without further ado. She had served him more than well as his personal dogslut! And now, he gave her up just like that! Much to her consternation, he was more concerned with keeping things calm than with his dogslut. 

 Vanessa's stomach turned when she heard his offer. She was about to revolt. She had to protest against the deal! But Tucker threw a stern gaze at her and instantly stifled her uproar. His look clearly told her that he didn't tolerate any objection. She had caused enough trouble for one day. 

 The flame-haired beauty's head began to spin. The full realization of her defeat to Megan dropped onto her like a heavy bag of rocks. It cast a thick fog over her mind. She felt dazed and confused. 

 "You're gonna be glad if you may carry my purse when I'm done with you!" Megan rubbed Vanessa's nose in her defeat. 

 Somehow the voice sounded as if it was coming from a faraway distance. It was barely audible. The stunning redhead was in a stupor. Everything was lost. She felt like her posh life was getting shattered. She had fought so hard to build up her arrogant lady-ego as a counterbalance to her 'Red Rose Whore' identity. Now, it was getting smashed to pieces. 

 It barely registered with Vanessa that Megan pushed her down onto her knees and opened the zipper of her white gown. Instantly, the redhead's big, round funbags popped out of their confines. Megan placed a foot on Vanessa's chest. She positioned her red high heels right atop the ginger slut's big, fat fucktits. 

 WHUMP 

 The raven stunner pushed her foot forward and knocked the flame-haired beauty down. Vanessa's back hit the ground with a thud. A second later, Megan pushed her left high heel between her rival's lips. She basically stuffed the redhead's mouth with her shoe. Then she pushed her foot out of the heel. The red shoe remained stuck in Vanessa's mouth. Megan had just gagged her rival with a heel! 

 The raven minx ran her red-polished toes over the redhead's flat, tight stomach up to her bodacious boobs. She placed her foot right underneath the bottom of Vanessa's left fleshcan. 

 SPLAT 

 The next moment, Megan gave the ginger slut's right funbag a prod with her foot. Vanessa's juicy melon bobbed up and bounced against her right cheek. The flame-haired knockout got slapped in the face by her own tit! 

 The sudden slap to her face tore the redhead out of her stupor. Getting boxed round the ears by her own tits was so humiliating that it made her whimper in shame. Megan didn't wait for her servant to get used to the degradation though. She simply placed her foot underneath the bottom of Vanessa's left fleshcan and gave it a prod as well. 

 SPLAT 

 The redhead's left jugg bobbed up and bounced into her face. Vanessa received a second slap to her face. This time, her own titmeat cuffed her left cheek. The debasement overwhelmed the ginger slut and her body squirmed and writhed on the ground. 

 Lying on her back with the red heel in her mouth, Vanessa felt more than helpless. She felt like a defenceless turtle on its shell with its legs in the air. The flame-haired knockout desperately kicked out with her legs and tapped the ground with the palms of her hands. It didn't help in anyway. It only made her look more pathetic. 

 SPLAT... "Umph"... SPLAT... "Umph"... 

 SPLAT... "Umph"... SPLAT... "Umph"... 

 Megan continued slapping her rival's face by prodding the redhead's big, soft funbags against her cheeks. Vanessa responded with pitiful squeals that got muffled by the high heel stuffed up her mouth. Her face got beet red. But the colour stemmed from the sheer embarrassment, not from the slaps. Each impact caused the ginger slut's body to writhe on the ground with her legs desperately kicking the air and her palms helplessly tapping the floor. 

 Megan had a ball degrading her new servant and laughed her ass off watching the buxom beauty struggling around on the ground in a ridiculous display. Tucker couldn't help but join the dirty laughter. 

 "Maid! Maid! Maid!" the raven stunner scolded her defeated rival. "You look so pathetic! You're not even a good servant. You're just a stupid cow!" 

 For three rounds, the black-haired bitch kept on kicking Vanessa's fleshcans around. Then she got bored and started looking for a new way to degrade her servant. 

 "Grab your titties, maid!" she ordered. "Slap yourself with your assets, slut!" 

 Vanessa felt too helpless to object. She simply wanted to get out of this situation and forget that this incident had ever happened. So she cupped her luscious juggs at the base and tightly squeezed her soft titflesh. Her breast meat bulged out from her tight grip. 

 SPLAT 

 Vanessa started bobbing her ripe, full melons up and down. She basically chucked her big, fat fucktits into her face and slapped her cheeks with each upward movement. Slapping herself with her own juggs not only looked more ridiculous, it also felt more degrading. She was using her precious charms to punish herself! 

 In the meantime, Megan ran her red-polished toes down Vanessa's flat stomach until she reached her crotch. She put her big toe right onto the redhead's clit making the flame-haired knockout jerk. Then the raven minx wriggled her big toe up the ginger slut's pussy. 

 "Ooohhh!" 

 Vanessa couldn't suppress a moan when Megan slowly added one toe after the other to her fuckhole. Once again, the redhead's legs twitched and trembled. 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" 

 With a jolt, Megan shoved her whole foot up Vanessa's pussy. The redhead's poor cunt stretched wide to allow the foot in. The flame-haired knockout felt incredibly cheap and trashy. She was lying on the ground of the country club library! She was slapping her face with her own juggs! She got a foot shoved up her pussy! And it all happened during the 'Monte Carlo Ball'! She felt lower than she had ever felt as the 'Red Rose Whore'. 

 Megan began to twist her foot around in Vanessa's cunt. This way, the redhead's poor pussy got stretched even wider. After a while, the raven minx started to push her foot in and out of the ginger slut's fuckhole. She basically foot fucked her. 

 To Vanessa's embarrassment, she had to realize that her loathed rival didn't deem her cunt worthy of getting touched by her fingers. It was only worthy to get stuffed by her dirty feet. And still, this devaluing treatment made the redhead's pussy wet. 

 "Ooohhh!"... SPLAT... "Ooohhh!"... SPLAT... 

 Vanessa moaned in between the tit-slaps while her body twitched and trembled on the ground. She hated herself for her reaction. She didn't want to show any pleasure to her rival. But she couldn't help it. 

 Out of a sudden, the foot was gone from Vanessa's cunt. A huge paw grabbed Megan's shoulder and yanked her away from her new servant. A black security guard appeared behind the raven stunner. 

 "Are you fucking daft?" he spat at Tucker. "What kind of idiot are you?" 

 "You were supposed to calm this situation and get rid of the troublemakers!" the black security guard screamed at his co-worker. He was obviously enraged about Tucker's way of handling the catfight. "D'you want some guest to witness this scene and raise a complaint? D'you want us to lose our jobs? You fucking moron!" 

 It was a totally unexpected turn of events and scared the shit out of Vanessa. She stopped moaning and writhing. Megan looked just as fearfully as the redhead. She didn't move a bit while the black muscular giant held her in his tight grip. 

 "And you?" the black security guard suddenly barked at the raven minx. "Did I allow you any of this?" 

 The way he addressed Megan surprised Vanessa just as much as his sudden appearance. But she didn't get the chance to see her rival's reaction as Tucker pulled the flam-haired knockout up onto her feet. The two security guards exchanged quick glances and gave each other a nod. Obviously, they had just come to a silent agreement. 

 Tucker turned around and dragged Vanessa out of the library. She stood no other chance than to stumble behind. The burly, brute security guard swiftly led the flame-haired beauty down the stairs. She dreaded that he might throw her out of the clubhouse. But she didn't dare to speak up. 

 Fortunately, the gallery and main hall were empty. The ball was in full swing and most party guests were celebrating in the ballroom or playing in the game rooms. Apparently, none of the guests had noticed the catfight. 

 However, that was only a small relief for Vanessa. Her head was still spinning. Megan had seen her acting like a whore! Of all people, it had to be her biggest rival! The flame-haired knockout needed to come up with a plan to keep Megan from revealing her knowledge. She had to stop the gossip before it even developed. At the moment though, she was too dazed and confused to think straight. 

 "What was the fucking point of that?" Tucker snarled at her. "I always thought the fucking club means so much to you." 

 "You wanna escape my clutches, you stupid cow?" he tried to explore Vanessa's intentions. "You rather wanna serve that bitch instead of me?" 

 "Nooo!" the redhead timidly responded. "I don't try to get away from you, sir. It was an accident." 

 "Please sir, you gotta believe me!" she tried to reassure him. 

 "You have to prove that!" Tucker remained unconvinced. "From now on, you stay where I can keep an eye on you." 

 The brute security guard made a sharp turn to the right when they reached the main hall. He led the flame-haired knockout to the left side of the T-shaped staircase. There was a door leading into the basement. 

 That was exactly where Tucker took the redhead. He didn't throw her out of the clubhouse. Nonetheless, Vanessa didn't have a clue what he had in mind instead. She had no idea what she was supposed to do in the basement. 

 The cellar stood in stark contrast to the noble upper floors of the mansion. It looked old and in dire need of renovation. A long hallway led straight through the basement with several rooms along the walls. Tucker dragged Vanessa into one of these rooms. He gave her a firm shove so she stumbled and fell onto her knees. She landed on wet, slippery tiles. 

 It turned out to be a locker room for the staff. The room wasn't in any better condition than the rest of the basement. It looked dirty, grime-stained and decrepit. The walls were lined with battered lockers. In front of them, old wooden benches were positioned. 

 To Vanessa's surprise, two guys were lounging around on the benches. They were only dressed with towels around their hips. Apparently, they had just come out of the shower. Her mouth opened in shock when she recognized the men. One of them was a young, smug Latino with slicked-down hair called Ramirez. He was the greenkeeper of the country club. The other guy was middle-aged. He was a tall, sturdy black man called McKenzie who worked as the janitor of the club. Not only did Vanessa recognize them, it was the same way with the two men. 

 "Woah!" they hollered while high-fiving Tucker. "You really brought a special treat for us." 

 "You always told us that you're banging a hot slut from the club!" McKenzie howled. "But 'Miss Arrogance' in person! That's off the hook!" 

 Vanessa looked from guy to guy in utter disbelief. They knew that Tucker was fucking her! Did they also know about her secret 'Red Rose Whore' identity? 

 "From now on, it's not only me fucking that posh slut!" Tucker exclaimed. "All of us are gonna bang her out of her mind today!" 

 Vanessa didn't believe her ears. What had he said? Had he just offered her to those sleazy staff members? 

 "The noble men are having a 'Monte Carlo Ball' upstairs." Tucker mocked the exclusive party. "So we ordinary guys have a 'Gangbangers' Ball' downstairs! That's only fair!" 

 Vanessa shuddered while the three men laughed themselves to tears. Apparently, Tucker was about to carry out his suggestion. He was about to keep her in sight, and in the process, turn her into the club's gangbang slut. 

 She had survived the deal-sweetening session with SEP's new clients in the game room. She had survived her bosses' celebration in the library. She had survived the catfight with Megan. Only to be royally fucked by the country club staff in the basement! She couldn't believe it. The big social event had totally spiralled out of control. 

 The flame-haired beauty was devastated. She felt like she had hit rock bottom. Her rival Megan had witnessed her lewd conduct and the sleazy staff members had found out about her sexual relationship with Tucker. Was there anything worse that could happen today? 

 Vanessa had slid into a desperate situation. She frantically looked for a way out. She couldn't revoke neither Megan's nor the staff member's discovery of her slut activities. But she needed to come up with a way to muzzle them. 

 Suddenly, the ginger slut hit on an idea. Maybe, there was a tiny chance that she could convince Tucker to help her silence Megan. He could blackmail her with his knowledge about their catfight in the library. She had to get on his good side. If she willingly performed in his 'Gangbanger's Ball', she could possibly coax him into helping her. It was only a tiny opportunity. But the stunning redhead didn't have anything left to lose. She had to grab any chance she could get. She had to be her sluttiest self to please Tucker and the other staff members. 

 Vanessa had just come to her startling conclusion when Tucker grabbed her ginger hair and pulled her up onto her feet. He shoved her in front of the two staff members. 

 "C'mon bitch!" he instructed her. "Introduce yourself properly." 

 Vanessa was too scared to react. Did he really expect her to tell them about her life as the 'Red Rose Whore'? That would destroy the last ounce of respect those guys had left for her. She was Tucker's low fuckpet. But after this confession, she would be the entire staff's fucktoy. 

 Exposing the truth to those two sleazy workers seemed especially horrible. Ramirez was a smug prick. He was so full of himself that he hit on everything with a heartbeat. He had even chatted up Vanessa before. She had considered it completely inappropriate as she was a club member and he was a working stiff. So she had given him a sharp, vocal brush-off which he still considered a personal affront. McKenzie was a typical blue-collar workman who loathed the club member's snobbish, haughty attitude. He had clashed with Vanessa before and her posh, arrogant behaviour had driven him nuts. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 20 ****** byCathartico© "Fucking tell them who you really are!" Tucker insisted. 

 "I... I'm Vanessa Laren. I've been working as a secretary for Stanton, Erickson and Partners." Vanessa hesitantly began her self-exposure. 

 "I have a special function at SEP." she continued. "I started as the motivational whore. Every time a partner closed a deal, he got my service as a reward. He could fuck me any way he wanted." 

 "I knew that slut is too hot to be a simple secretary!" Ramirez commented this revelation. "You better totally rock as a cocksucker!" 

 "Nowadays, I'm SEP's bonus whore." Vanessa timidly carried on telling her story. "I work as the deal-sweetener. Every time SEP signs new clients, my service is offered as a signing bonus. They can bang me and have it taped." 

 With a shudder, the flame-haired beauty remembered the recent information she had overheard during the celebration in the library. She was less than thrilled about the fact that several videos existed that showed her fucking strangers. 

 "Woohoo!" McKenzie hollered in response. "The slut is a real amateur pornstar!" 

 "I also work a night job for one of SEP's clients." Vanessa had to swallow when she tackled the juicy parts of her story. "I'm the 'Red Rose Whore' in the 'Red Rose Club'." 

 "Woah! I heard about that 'Red Rose Whore'." Ramirez shouted out in surprise. "She's supposed to be the most perverted hooker in town." 

 Vanessa's reaction to the Latino's comment was mixed. A shudder of embarrassment rushed down her spine while a wave of pride surged up her back. 

 "I don't buy that!" McKenzie remained unconvinced. "How can a cheap, trashy hooker be a member of the country club?" 

 "Show them your whore marks!" Tucker urged before Vanessa had a chance to reply. 

 It seemed more than ridiculous to the redhead that she had to prove that she was a whore. With a shameful expression on her face, she opened the zipper of her white gown. Then she pushed the white panel to the side. She revealed her whore tattoos garnering her front. The two scumbags whistled in approval when they figured out the meaning of the tattoos. 

 "That 'Trailer Trash Whore' flame ring is one trashy whore mark!" Ramirez mocked the ginger slut. 

 "Nah, that 'Property of Pavone' stamp is far more skanky." McKenzie disagreed. "That one reveals that she's nothing but an owned fuckwhore." 

 Vanessa shivered from the way they were talking about her. Only minutes ago, she was a posh, arrogant lady for them. Now, they regarded her as nothing more than a marked sex object. 

 "Tucker knows that I'm a hooker." Vanessa meekly admitted hanging her head in shame. She even called herself hooker by now. "So he owns my fuckholes in the club." 

 "What's your real name, bitch?" Tucker called for her to degrade herself even further. 

 "I'm 'Queeny Ho'." the redhead feebly replied while she turned around and showed her tramp stamp to the staff members. 

 "Tztztz! That's your name in the strip club." the brute security guard chided her. "What's your real name?" 

 "I'm... I'm...," there was no way around saying the dreaded moniker. 

 "I'm 'Queeny -- the dirty dogslut'!" she finally blurted out. 

 The two staff members erupted in hollers and cheers while Vanessa wished she could sink into the floor. 

 "Time to show them your dogbitch-uniform!" Tucker snarled when his co-workers had slowly calmed down. 

 With a quick step, he stood next to Vanessa. He grabbed the gown and ripped it off her right shoulder. As a result, the ginger slut was completely naked except for her pussy rings, tramp stamps and heel sandals. Finally, Ramirez and McKenzie got a chance to ogle her assets in all their glory. The burly, brute security guard grabbed her neck and pushed her down so that she kneeled on the slippery, wet tiles. 

 A moment later, he was parading her on all fours in front of his sleazy co- workers while the plastic fly flap stuck out of her ass and her tongue hung out of her yapper. She was panting and wagging her tail with her face crimson in shame. 

 While Vanessa got walked around the locker room, someone knocked on the door. Instantly, fear crept into her bones. The worry of getting caught in such an indecent situation by a party guest was still heavily looming above her head. 

 "Ah! That must be Griffin!" Tucker stated. Obviously, there were some more staff members eager to join the 'Gangbangers' Ball'. 

 "C'mon dogslut!" the burly security guard ordered Vanessa. "Let's show them what a well-trained dog you are. Give me your panties!" 

 The stunning redhead crawled over to her purse and took out her lace thong. After she had handed the panties over to Tucker, he led her to the door. There, he hung the thong over the door handle. 

 "Be a good doggie!" he instructed the ginger slut. "Fetch the panties! Open the door with your trap!" 

 Vanessa winced from the degradation. Tucker definitely knew how to make her feel like a low fuckpet. She opened her mouth and fetched the thong. She had to pull the handle down with her precious panties to open the door. 

 "Yeah dogslut! Growl for us!" Tucker commanded. 

 "GrrrGrrrGrrr" 

 The smoking hot redhead had to growl while forcefully pulling and tugging on the waistband of her panties with her mouth. The guys were going mad with joy watching the ginger slut act like a growling dog that had gotten his teeth into a bone and won't let go. Their amusement only increased Vanessa's humiliation. 

 The flame-haired knockout had to crawl back a few steps and move her head to pull the handle down. The more she pushed, the more the waistband slid off the handle. 

 SPLAT 

 Vanessa had pulled too firmly and the thong tore off the handle. The panties snapped back and hit the redhead squarely in the face. The ginger slut whimpered from the sudden, unexpected slap while the guys howled with laughter. The dogslut in her dogbitch-uniform getting slapped in the face by her panties looked more than stupid. The flame-haired beauty almost cried from embarrassment. She barely felt any pain from the soft thong. But the sting of humiliation was far worse. 

 "Stupid doggie!" Tucker scolded her. 

 He didn't let his dogslut off the hook so easily. He hung the panties back over the door handle and made Vanessa work on her task again. Once more, she had to fetch her thong with her teeth and pull on the waistband. This time, she was more careful and slowly pressed the handle down. Finally, the door opened and Vanessa got to see Griffin. 

 He was the black security guard that had broken up the catfight. And at his side stood a slender beauty with a runway model body and gorgeous face! 

 It was Megan! 

 Vanessa was too stunned to react at all. She had no clue what the raven-haired bitch was doing in the changing room. Neither did she understand why the black security guard clasped her arms behind her back and held her in a tight grip. In contrast to the redhead, the working stiffs were beside themselves. 

 "This is getting better and better!" Ramirez shouted. "Think I've died and gone to heaven!" 

 "This is gonna be the best 'Gangbanger's Ball' ever!" McKenzie hollered. "That escort we fucked down here during the last ball was hot. But these two sluts are the bombs!" 

 "That video's gonna be legendary!" Ramirez added. 

 Only then, Vanessa realized the full extent of the situation she had slid into. The guys seemed to stag these 'Gangbanger's Balls' regularly during official club events. And according to their comments, they even taped these stag parties. The flame-haired knockout looked around the locker room. She detected a video cam in one corner. An old TV set with a VCR hung in another corner. Vanessa cringed when she realized that her self-exposure had been recorded. 

 Right now, something else absorbed the redhead's attention though. Megan hadn't flinched a bit when the black janitor had called her a slut. Why did the raven minx allow them to treat her like that? Something was going on. 

 Vanessa looked more closely at the black security guard who led Megan into the locker room. He was the complete opposite to Tucker in a physical way. He was tall with a muscular physique and bald head. 

 "Slut#2 should introduce herself as well!" Tucker suggested. 

 Vanessa's mouth gaped open in astonishment when she saw that Megan didn't object at all to this degrading name-calling. 

 "I'm Megan Salpa." The raven minx instantly began her introduction. "I've been a glamour model and reality star some time ago. When my career cooled off, I came into town to bag a rich bachelor." 

 "Hehehe!" McKenzie smirked. "That's why we call you 'Miss Gold Digger'!" 

 "'Miss Gold Digger' and 'Miss Arrogance' in the same place!" Ramirez added with jeer. "Can it get any better?" 

 "I met Griffin when I dated a professional basketball player." she continued her story. "He worked as his bodyguard back then. He knows how I slutted my way onto the front pages of the yellow press. So I needed his secrecy to get into the country club." 

 Vanessa was just as puzzled by this revelation as the other guys. She had never pictured Megan as anything else than a haughty, snobby gossip girl. But obviously, she was a fame-hungry attention whore on the hunt for rich men to pay for her lavish lifestyle. She knew that the club members weren't too fond of any wannabe celebusluts invading their exclusive club. So apparently, she was just as much at Griffin's mercy as Vanessa was at Tucker's. 

 "Show them what you really are?" Griffin ordered his slut. Evidently, the security guards had a thing for degrading monikers. 

 Megan obeyed and turned around. She presented her round, curvy butt to the sleazy working stiffs. Then she pulled the back panel of her scarlet dress up and exposed her naked ass. To everybody's surprise, she showed off a butt plug stuffed up her asshole. It wasn't an ordinary plug though. It was a pony tail plug with a 14" long nylon tail hanging down her legs. 

 "I'm 'Missy -- the skanky club pony'!" she commented the raunchy butt plug. 

 Megan had walked around the exclusive, decadent ball with a ponytail plug up her ass! What a perverted act! The raven stunner wasn't just a rival to the country club throne for Vanessa. She also challenged the flame-haired knockout in her sluttiness! 

 This revelation totally changed Vanessa's impression of her rival. Her mind flashed back to the first week as the 'Red Rose Whore'. Back then, she had angered Pavone, and he had turned her into the 'Red Rose Fuckpony'. He had forced her to wear a similar ponytail buttplug. She had hated getting mistreated like that. Obviously, this kind of degrading pet play was an evergreen among these dominant sleazebags. For a moment, Vanessa wondered which role was more humiliating -- dogslut or fuckpony. In any case, both didn't appear invitingly at all. 

 During the shocking revelation of the skanky club pony, Vanessa totally forgot that she was still kneeling on all fours and panting noisily. There was so much unexpected information to process. Megan's self-disclosure put their rivalry into a whole new light. They both had some slutty secrets, and now, the country club staff knew about it. The working stiffs knew that both women were no high- class socialites but cheap, rotten fucksluts instead. 

 They were back to square one in their fight over the country club crown. Now that Vanessa knew about 'Missy -- the skanky club pony', Megan's knowledge about the redhead's inappropriate behaviour in the library carried no more weight. The raven minx didn't have any leverage anymore. She couldn't endanger the ginger slut's status in the country club any longer. Their situation had been completely reset. 

 While the flame-haired knockout processed all the new information, Griffin stripped Megan off her dress. For the first time, Vanessa saw her black-haired rival in all her naked glory. She had to admit that her looks were breathtaking. The combination of jet-black, wavy hair and electric, deep blue eyes was as exotic as stunning. She had a slender, fit killer body and a spectacular pair of perfectly teardrop-shaped, natural tits. She was definitely model material although her fantastic fleshorbs made her look more like a glamour than a runway model. 

 Griffin pushed the raven-haired Miss Gold Digger onto all fours and positioned her next to the flame-haired Miss Arrogance. In the meantime, Tucker opened a locker and grabbed two leather collars. Each one had a leash attached to it. A moment later, each security guard was standing next to his kneeling slut holding her on a leash. They looked like proud fuckpet owners. 

 "Look at that!" Ramirez sneered. "Missy and Queeny, a dogslut and a club pony side by side." 

 "And one tail is cuter than the other!" McKenzie mocked Vanessa's plastic fly flap and Megan's nylon ponytail buttplug. 

 All guys laughed while they gawked at the two kneeling women. Vanessa felt utterly degraded. It was horrible to be treated like a low pet by Tucker in the security booth. But getting paraded as nothing more than a panting dogslut in front of these sleazy staff members was much more cringe-worthy. 

 "Time to stuff the bitches' free holes!" Ramirez impatiently suggested. 

 "Not so fast, pal!" Tucker stopped the greenkeeper in his tracks. 

 "D'you remember that ridiculous fight over the queen bee crown these sluts got going on lately?" he asked his buddies. 

 "Gosh, that was a pain in the ass!" all three shot back. 

 "Seems like these fuckpets love to compete!" Tucker sneered. 

 "Let's make it a competition then!" he suggested. "The winner is crowned the queen!" 

 The two glamour bitches looked at each other. Their expressions clearly mirrored each other. They both interpreted Tucker's plan in the same way. The pet that won the competition and became queen slut of the 'Gangbanger's Ball' got the staff's support as queen bee of the country club. 

 Simultaneously, a competitive glimmer appeared in their eyes. The sparkle in Vanessa's green eyes rivalled the glimmer in Megan's electric blue eyes. This was the redhead's chance to cement her status as queen bee once and for all. Equally, this was the raven stunner's opportunity to conquer the throne of the country club. 

 The slut-race was on! 

 The four working stiffs were just as fired up as the glamour bitches. They were quick to put the plan into motion. Griffin pulled his truncheon from his waistband. 

 "Let's see which pet cums faster." he introduced the first round. 

 The two security guards positioned their kneeling fuckpets ass-to-ass. Griffin placed his baton between their butts in a way that each end was right in front of the respective pussy. They pulled each leash through the sluts' legs and tied them together right in the middle between their bottoms. The leashes were tied up so tightly that the truncheon got pushed up a few inches into each cunt and remained stuck in place. The two glamour bitches couldn't move away from each other. They were kept in a position with their faces on the tiles, their butts in the air, and the thick club up their pussies. 

 "Aaand go!" Tucker signalled the start of the race. 

 Instantly, Vanessa felt how Megan pushed her bottom back to engulf the stick with her cunt. From the get-go, the raven stunner started riding the club with enthusiasm. She was dead set on winning the slut-race to become the next queen bee. Vanessa couldn't let this happen. She wouldn't let that bitch outshine her -- neither as the queen bee nor as the queen slut. 

 For the moment, she didn't care that the four sleazy staff members were watching the women degrade themselves for their amusement. There was too much at stakes. A few moments ago, the club crown had seemed lost forever. Now, she had a chance to gain the staff's support and sweep Megan out of the way forever. So she eagerly pushed her butt back. 

 "Ooohhh!" Vanessa groaned out loud. 

 The big stick stretched her small, sensitive pussy wide. The two fuckpets began to hump the truncheon from both sides. They alternately drove the thick club deep down each other's cunt. 

 "OoohhhAaahhhOoohhhAaahhh" 

 They groaned in unison while they plunged the stick deeper and deeper down their pussies. More and more of the plastic material disappeared down their fuck tunnels. It was an extremely obscene sight of the two smoking hot beauties tied ass-to-ass on the dirty floor. Their ample, full boobs were firmly pressed onto the wet tiles while they rode the baton from both sides with their greedy pussies. However, the most vulgar aspect of the lewd show was their pet tails. The plastic fly flap stuck out of Vanessa's asshole and the nylon ponytail buttplug hung off Megan's ass while the club connected their cunts. 

 The two rivals picked up speed and began to hump the stick with a rapid pace. A foamy, white cream started to cover the black stick as both sluts coated the truncheon with their pussy slime. By now, Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger competed in the volume of their cries of pleasure. 

 Vanessa had a hard time keeping up with Megan. She had already cum several times during the 'Monte Carlo Ball' so it took her longer to get going. The raven stunner's moans got more ragged by the second. She was about to cum any moment. 

 The four sleazy working stiffs enjoyed the humiliating exhibition so much that they started clapping in rhythm with the sluts' humping motions and cheered the glamour bitches on. In contrast to his co-workers, Griffin wasn't satisfied with their effort though. 

 "And you wanna be some well-trained fuckpets?" he barked at them. "Try harder! Seems like you dumb pets still need to learn what it means to properly entertain us!" 

 To emphasis his disappointment, he stepped next to Megan and grabbed her hair. Then he simply moved a few feet forward. The raven minx didn't stand a chance to refuse his lead. She stopped riding the thick club and crawled behind Griffin. 

 The two fuckpets were still tied up tightly. So Megan's forward movement caused Vanessa to feel a sudden, sharp tug on the leash that interrupted her humping. The pull grew stronger and stronger while the black security guard led Megan away. 

 With a whimper, Vanessa felt her body moving along. The way she was tied up, she didn't stand a chance to resist. As the tiles were slippery and wet from the recent shower, the redhead's body had no hold and got dragged backwards. She was towed along by Megan while the baton was still deeply embedded in her cunt! 

 Griffin paraded the two tied up sluts in front of the other guys. He used Missy as a cart pony while Queeny was towed along like a pull toy. The flame-haired knockout could do nothing but let the black security guard have his way with her. The redhead's nipples and titmeat felt every rough bump and void on the way. Her soft, ripe melons got scratched by each and every joint. But that was nothing in comparison to the stings of utter debasement. 

 "Ouh!... Please, stop!... Ouh!... Pleassse, sirrr!" she begged and whimpered in shame. 

 Griffin didn't listen though. He pulled the two hogtied fuckpets all the way down the wooden bench. Vanessa whined and howled during the whole route. The humiliation of getting used as a plain pull toy was overwhelming. 

 When they reached the end of the bench, the black security guard turned around and grabbed Vanessa's ginger hair. Then he walked her back the entire way. This time, the fuckpets roles were reversed and Megan got towed along. 

 "Ouh!... Ooohhh!... Ouh!..." the raven stunner whined and winced as well. 

 But unlike Vanessa, she gritted her teeth and didn't plead for mercy. For the moment, Megan proved that she was the better trained fuckpet. 

 "That's how you clean a dirty floor!" Griffin stated when he passed the other staff members. "These dumb fuckpets are only useful as mops!" 

 "Get back to work, fuckwhores!" he ordered when they had reached their starting point. "Hump that stick! Or you wanna go for another spin as my human mop cart?" Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 20 ****** byCathartico© A kick to their sides finally brought the two glamour bitches back into motion and they began to ride the baton again. They were both eager to avoid any further degrading mop action. It fuelled them with a whole new level of enthusiasm for their task. They rammed the club down each other's cunthole with vigour. The stick was so far down their fuck tunnels that their asses noisily clashed with a slapping sound. 

 Megan started moaning again. It quickly turned into full-blown groans and grunts in rhythm to the noisy ass clashes. Vanessa tried her best to keep up with her rival. But after the sex sessions she had endured before, she didn't stand a chance. The raven minx went wild on the club. She bucked the stick so madly that she almost knocked the hogtied sluts over. 

 Finally, Megan's body began to tremble. Her eyes rolled back and she forcefully came. A torrent of cunt juices gushed out of her pussy and drenched the truncheon adding to the white, foamy cream. Vanessa hung her head in shame. She had to take a stinging blow to her pride. But even worse, she had lost the first round of the slut-race. Megan was now ahead in the staff's support. 

 The guys waited until Megan had fully ridden out her orgasm before they stepped up to their sluts and untied the leashes. 

 "There's still a fuckpet in need of cumming!" Tucker stated as a matter-of- fact. "As Missy is the winner of the 'Stick-Ride', the skanky pony can lend a helping hand!" 

 This invitation caused a naughty smile to spread over Megan's face. She quickly got up and turned around. Miss Gold Digger looked down on the kneeling Miss Arrogance. Her icy, deep blue eyes sparkled defiantly. The look alone was enough to make Vanessa shudder. It was obvious that Megan would get her rocks off humiliating her rival. 

 "Naughty doggie, naughty doggie!" she mockingly scolded the ginger slut. "I always knew you're no competition for me!" 

 "Beg me to help you cum!" she ordered while grabbing Vanessa's hair and forcing her to look into her blue eyes. 

 Vanessa cringed. Begging Megan was the last thing she wanted to do. She hated submitting to women and submitting to her loathed rival was even worse. It was so much more humiliating than getting used by men. Still, the guys cheered at Megan's idea. There was no way around it. Vanessa had to please the men and go along. She gathered all her willpower. 

 "Please Missy, make me cum." the redhead finally said half-heartedly. 

 SLAP 

 Miss Gold Digger's French-nailed hand landed squarely on Miss Arrogance's right cheek and left a red spot. 

 "You call me Mistress, stupid dogslut!" she berated the redhead. "Try again, stupid cow!" 

 "Please Mistress, this dirty dogslut is too stupid to cum on her own. Please, help this filthy dogbitch cum!" Vanessa burst out. 

 Her face hurt as much from the bitchslap as her ego hurt from the scolding by her loathed rival. She was reminded of the ass whipping she had received from Maria during the first slut-battle. It had been one of the most humiliating experiences ever. And this situation shaped up to be just as debasing or even worse. 

 Apparently, Megan was pleased with Vanessa's begging. She grabbed the redhead's leash and led the dogslut over to the lockers on all fours. The raven minx positioned the flame-haired knockout with her ass facing the lockers and opened one of the locker doors. 

 "C'mon doggy!" she ordered the ginger slut. "Rub your cunt on the door edge! Get yourself off, the way it's right for a dirty dogslut!" 

 Once again, the sleazy working stiffs howled while Vanessa whimpered. Each and every fibre in her body jibbed at the order. 

 SLAP 

 Miss Gold Digger slapped Miss Arrogance's face again. This time, she reddened her left cheek. 

 "Need some more motivation?" Megan taunted the whimpering redhead. 

 Vanessa meekly shook her head. She felt like crying when she finally behaved like a proper dogslut and straddled the edge of the locker door. She pushed her bottom backwards and shuddered when her wet pussy touched the cold, rusty metal. 

 The ginger slut timidly began rubbing her pussy up and down the cold edge. A sharp tug on her hair told her that Megan wanted to see more effort. The raven stunner used the leash to whip Vanessa's ass cheeks and spur her on. Soon the smoking hot redhead enthusiastically humped the door edge like a dog. 

 The guys formed a circle around the two sluts to watch the degenerate scene more closely. Eventually, Vanessa's body took over and carried her away. She began grunting like a bitch in heat and rubbed her cunt on the door edge like a demon. It was something to see and the guys literally cheered her on. 

 Vanessa's humping motions became more unrestrained and uninhibited by the second. She was coming close to an orgasm. Megan sensed the dogslut's rising arousal so she upped the humiliation factor. She splayed her legs and straddled the flame-haired beauty's head so her crotch was right over her face. 

 "C'mon doggy, clean out my cunt!" she ordered. "Lap away at my pussy like a good dog!" 

 The raven minx placed her hands on Vanessa's shoulders to hold herself up and lowered her body until her pussy made contact with the redhead's face. Megan had a full Brazilian wax so her pussy was completely void of hair. Her dark Venus mound was very puffy and bulged. It looked extremely juicy and invitingly. Vanessa had to admit that it was a very pretty pussy. Megan's inner cunt lips hung out of her outer labia and her snatch glistened wetly from all the cunt juice. 

 Miss Gold Digger sat fully onto Miss Arrogance's face. Then she began to ride back and forth. She used the redhead's nose, mouth and chin to rub her cunt and clit. Vanessa could barely breathe. She was getting smothered by the wet pussy. She had her mouth open and licked Megan's steaming hot snatch. She felt like drowning as there was so much smelly juice. Her entire face was getting smeary. 

 

 It was an extremely compelling sight as Missy rode Queeny's face hard and fast while the flame-haired knockout rubbed her pussy on the door edge. Vanessa was in a whirlwind of emotions. Her face was getting used as a rag to wipe Megan's dirty crotch clean while she humped a door edge like a horny dog. But the pussy rubbing mercilessly stimulated her. She could feel the orgasm approaching. She cried from pleasure when she finally came. 

 "Un-fucking-believable!" Ramirez hollered. "What a dirty dogslut!" 

 Megan continued riding Vanessa's face until the redhead's orgasm slowly subsided. When the two women looked up, they saw that all four guys held their cocks in their hands and furiously jacked off to the obscene action in front of their eyes. They were about to cum any second. So they pushed the two glamour bitches onto their knees and surrounded them. They made their fuckpets position themselves cheek-to-cheek. 

 The two sluts barely had time to open their mouths before the guys started shooting their loads. Ramirez' cock was the first to erupt. The wad of cum burst from his dick so forcefully that it made Vanessa jerk when the gooey cannonball hit her right cheek. His three co-workers followed close by. A shower of sticky goo rained down on the glamour bitches. The slimy jizz hit them everywhere. Some of the cum even sprayed all over their big racks. When all four guys had emptied their balls, the sluts faces looked like frosted donuts. 

 The guys admired their handiwork. They had really wrecked the two glammed-up, decadent divas' appearances and turned them into messy, soiled heaps of fuckmeat. 

 "Clean yourselves, bitches!" Tucker instructed their fuckpets. 

 Vanessa and Megan looked at each other. They knew exactly how the brute security guard wanted them to clean each other. But the order didn't appeal to either one of them. The vast amount of slimy cum coating their faces didn't look appetizingly either. 

 For a moment, the two simply stared at each other, uncertain what to do. Vanessa was the first to react. She needed to catch up to her black-haired rival after losing the 'Stick Ride'. So she stuck her tongue out and licked across Megan's forehead. She scraped up a healthy load of spunk. 

 With her mouth full, she grabbed Megan's chin and made her look up. Eventually, the raven minx snapped into her predatory mode and became active as well. She hungrily opened her mouth. Queeny hooked her French-nailed index fingers into the corner of Missy's mouth and spread her lips open. Hovering above Megan's face, Vanessa pursed her lips. Then she let the sticky cream run out of her mouth. Ever so slowly, the white gooey slime threaded downwards in a long strand. The sight of the two fuckpets' lips getting connected by the yucky white twine was as obscene as mesmerizing. 

 When half the cum load had gathered in Megan's mouth, the two sluts positioned their heads cheek-to-cheek and presented their glazed visages. The raven minx's cheeks were cum-drenched, and her right eye was plastered shut. The flame- haired knockout's cheeks were just as soaked, and thick white sperm strands hung off her chin. 

 The two glamour bitches opened their kissers and showed off their spunk covered tongues. Then Vanessa leaned forward and started French kissing Megan. They began to swap the sperm loads. Their tongues fought a sexy duel that was only exceeded by the duel of piercing glances. Queeny's sparkling green and Missy's electric blue eyes crossed like lightsabres. While they aggressively snowballed the cum, they roughly clawed at each other's glorious funbags, mauling their fleshcans and pulling their nipples. They tried their hardest to outslut each other. From time to time, they pulled their lips apart. Thick, gooey jizz strands connected their mouths until the twines tore off and dashed against their chins. It looked as sexy as filthy. 

 When they had finally swallowed the cum, it was time for Megan to take the lead. She stuck out her tongue and fetched the remaining sperm strands that dangled off the redhead's chin. Once again, Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger deeply kissed and snowballed the jizz. They looked like wildcats fighting over a cotton reel. The lewd show lasted several minutes until they had eaten the entire gooey mass. 

 All the time, the staff members looked in awe. They were so spellbound they didn't even make a single noise. Not before the two sluts were done, they got back into motion and started applauding. 

 "Great show, fuckpets!" Griffin praised their efforts. "You've proven worthy to be our gangbang sluts!" 

 "I bet our peers from the staff would love to get a piece of the action too!" McKenzie stated. "Why don't we make that round two?" 

 "Great idea!" Tucker agreed. 

 "Get your asses to the restroom and rearrange your mugs!" he instructed the fuckpets. "As it's a slut-race, you get 20 minutes to collect as many cum loads as you can from the staff members working at the ball!" 

 Vanessa looked as dumbfounded as Megan when they heard the plan for the second round of the slut-race. The flame-haired beauty groaned out. They were putting her through another dirty, exhibitionistic game during the exclusive 'Monte Carlo Ball'. After all the adventurous and audacious hijinks the new clients had put her through, this was the last thing she was up for. She wasn't eager to find out how many times she could press her luck on a single day. 

 "I can't see the right motivation!" Ramirez urged the two sluts when they didn't show an enthusiastic reaction. "You're already giving up? Doesn't look like we're finding a new queen at all!" 

 This comment got Megan going. The challenging sparkle reappeared in her piercing blue eyes. She hastily stood up, picked her scarlet gown off the tiles and rushed to the bathroom adjacent to the locker room. Vanessa wouldn't allow her black-haired rival to get a headstart so she quickly followed. 

 The two sluts needed five minutes to get glammed up again. When they stepped out of the bathroom, they reappeared as the posh, elegant divas that had turned heads at the ball before. Tucker stepped over to a locker and opened its door. From her position, Vanessa had the chance to catch a brief glimpse inside. She saw a large stack of DVDs that were neatly labelled with titles such as 'Gangbangers' Ball #1 -- Gina' or 'Ladies' Room -- Mrs. Shaw'. Obviously, he had a collection of sex and security tapes shot in the country club that he stashed away in the locker. He also kept various other sex items in there as he pulled out two packs of condoms and chucked one to each slut. 

 "That's how you collect the spunk!" he explained. "One rubber for each staff member you suck off!" 

 The two glamour bitches simply nodded. They were still too steamrolled by the fact that the guys were sending them on a slutty scavenger hunt to raise any protest. It was such a naughty task. And the fact that they had to outslut each other in the public eye of the 'Monte Carlo Ball' only increased the raunchiness. 

 "Now, get going!" Griffin barked when the two sluts didn't show the slightest inclinations to leave. 

 The next second, Ramirez shoved them out of the locker room and closed the door behind them. Before they knew what hit them, Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger were standing in the dark basement hallway with a pack of rubbers in their hands. It was a clear wake-up call. 

 All of a sudden, they snapped into motion and rushed up the stairs into the main hall. Each slut tried to be faster than the other one. They were both hellbent on winning this scavenger hunt. But they also knew that there were only a handful of staff members working at the ball. It was clear that it would be a close run. 

 Vanessa was the first to reach the main hall. By now, it was quite late in the night and the party was slowing down. There were several groups of party guests on their way out of the clubhouse. The flame-haired knockout frantically looked around for the first staff member she could get a hold of. Megan was catching up with her. She had to make full use of her lead! 

 Then she caught sight of a guy working in the cloakroom. There was a couple waiting in line to get their coats. Hastily, Vanessa dashed over and queued up. The redhead looked over her shoulder and saw her black-haired rival shooting daggers at her. Queeny had just bagged a dose of cum while Missy had to continue her hunt. 

 Watching the snobbish couple leaving the ball caused Vanessa's posh lady-self to stir back up. Her lady-ego instantly revolted against the fact that she was competing against Megan in a race to suck off strangers. The pleasant anticipation of beating her rival for a random spunk load was a deeply humiliating blow to her lady-self. But on the other hand, it meant that she was in advance to the raven stunner. And that was all that mattered at the moment. So Vanessa quickly suppressed her ladylike feelings and concentrated on the task. 

 After a short wait, it was the redhead's turn and she was asked for her coat number. The flame-haired beauty leaned forward and rested her elbows on the counter. This way, her impressive cleavage basically leaped to the guy's eye. She flashed her most seductive smile. 

 "What d'you think about my outfit?" she seductively asked the young staff member. 

 Her advances caught the young bloke totally off guard. He barely managed to stammer some compliment. He was clearly intimidated by the ravishing beauty. However, Vanessa was running out of time. She had to get things going. 

 "My outfit caused so many reactions in men's pants!" she purred like a wanton wildcat. "As I see, you're reacting to my dress too! We need to do something about that!" 

 Her explicit overtures made the young bloke blush. For a moment, he was completely out of his depth. He simply stood in the cloakroom without knowing how to react. 

 "I'm always glad to help a woman in need!" he finally regained his composure and put a wry smile on his face. 

 Then he opened the door next to the counter and let the ginger slut into the cloakroom. Vanessa quickly cast a glance over her shoulder to make sure that no one saw her entering. Fortunately, the last group of party guests had just left the clubhouse and the main hall was empty. She quickly walked into the cloakroom, dropped to her knees and positioned herself underneath the counter. 

 In a heartbeat, she had pulled the bloke's cock out of his pants. From her kneeling position, she smiled lasciviously up to the blond guy. She ran her fine manicured French-nailed fingers over his chest while she opened her mouth and gulped down his hard shaft. Vanessa gave him a nice, sloppy blowjob. She even lifted his dick and sucked on his hairy balls to increase his excitement. 

 "What a party, huh?" 

 Vanessa's heart skipped a beat when she heard a man's voice. It was so close by she almost felt the guy's breath on her skin. It shocked her to the bone. Her hair stood on end when she realized that the counter top was all that shielded her from the man's view. The flame-haired knockout had been so engrossed in her quest to collect the first sperm load that she had totally forgotten about the possibility of ball guests stepping up to the counter. 

 Now, she was holding her breath in fear of getting caught. She tried to hide underneath the counter top as best as possible. However, the young bloke didn't play along in Vanessa's sudden inactivity. He grabbed the back of her head and began pushing her mouth up and down his shaft. Meanwhile, he began to chat nonchalantly with the ball guest. The ginger slut struggled around his cock in fear that she might start gagging from the harsh throat fucking and alarm the man in the process. 

 It was a ridiculous sight of the young staff member standing at the counter and chatting with the other man while casually using the kneeling glamour bitch's face like a plain fuck device. The travesty was only increased by the stark contrast between his laid-back demeanor and the redhead's frantic struggles around his cock. 

 Vanessa felt a surge of panic welling up inside. Any second, the guy was about to get suspicious of the bloke's strange arm movements! Any second, he was about to take a look behind the counter and see Vanessa's head bobbing up and down the bloke's cock! Any second, he was about to yell in indignation! 

 Instead, of giving the redhead some leeway, the young staff member picked up the speed and started ramming the ginger slut's mouth up and down his dick at a tearing pace. Involuntarily, Vanessa started gagging from the vigorous thrusts. 

 

 "What's that squishing sound?" the man asked with a puzzled voice. 

 Vanessa felt like dying here and now. She had taken a risk too much in her race for cum! She wanted to crawl deep underneath the counter. But she didn't have a chance to hide as the young bloke held her head in his vice grip and kept his cock down her throat. His dick stuffing her throat and blocking her air supply caused the flame-haired beauty to gag even harder and louder. 

 "That sound is really weird!" the man refused to drop the subject. 

 Then he leaned over the counter and looked behind. Vanessa pushed her hands against the bloke's thighs with all her might. She desperately tried to hide underneath the counter top. But she wasn't strong enough. Instead, the young staff member pulled her head up and made her look directly at the ball guest. 

 Vanessa's face was scarlet with embarrassment when she looked the man in the eye. Her mind was reeling. She needed to keep him from yelling and screaming! But she didn't know how. 

 When their gazes met, she recognized the guy. He wasn't a party guest! He was one of the waiters working in the ballroom. A huge weight dropped off her mind. 

 

 "You know Miss Arrogance, don't you? Obviously, this slut can't even suck a decent cock without making a fuss!" the young bloke chided the glamour bitch kneeling to his feet. 

 Then he roughly shoved her mouth back over his cock and proceeded to use her soft lips like a fist to jack off. All the while, the waiter remained bent over the counter and watched the obscene spectacle. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 20 ****** byCathartico© "Hehehe! That's a spectacular treat for a break!" he remarked. "Too bad the others are having a smoke on the porch. They'll never belief this!" 

 After a few more thrusts down Vanessa's throat, the young bloke's dick erupted and filled the condom with a healthy dose of cum. When his balls were drained, the ginger slut quickly rolled the rubber off his cock. She lifted her gown and tucked the cum-filled condom onto the waistband of her thong. She shuddered from the feeling of the slick used rubber on her skin. It was another humiliating idea by Ramirez that the fuckpets had to carry the cum-filled condoms like strippers carrying their money. 

 For a few seconds, the flame-haired knockout tried to calm herself. Getting discovered had been a real shock. But in a way, it came in handy. Looking back up, she seductively waved at the waiter standing on the other side of the counter. It only took him seconds to follow her invitation and step into the cloakroom. He was more than ready to get his cock sucked as well. 

 Vanessa basically pounced on his dick like a cum-starved cock junkie. The young bloke's antics had cost her too much time. She had to make a quick meal out of the waiter's dick. So she sucked on his tool with vigour while she jacked the base of his shaft with her French-nailed hand. The waiter didn't keep up for long and soon he fired his spunk into the rubber. With a naughty smile on her lips, the flame-haired knockout added a second condom to the collection on her waistband. 

 When she strutted out of the cloakroom, she heard the two working stiffs chatting about the experience. They could barely get over the fact that 'Miss Arrogance -- the queen bee of the country club' collected cum-filled condoms during an exclusive ball. 

 Vanessa didn't have much time to ponder how she was gradually destroying her reputation among the club staff. She was certain that the two workers would gossip about this incident. It wouldn't take long before the whole staff would know about Miss Arrogance's slutty actions. Before these news spread, she had to win the staff's support. She was confident that Tucker and his friends would keep the other staff members under control. But for that, she had to win the slut-race. By now, it was more important than ever. 

 The flame-haired knockout was getting frantic. Two cum loads weren't much - - especially with an opponent that looked as ravishing as Megan. Standing in the main hall, she considered her next move. She remembered the waiter's remark. Apparently, his co-workers used the break to have a smoke on the porch. As fast as she could, the redhead dashed into the lounge. 

 The slide door to the porch was ajar. Some noises were coming from the patio. When Vanessa looked through the glassy door, she saw Megan on her knees surrounded by three waiters. Missy had found them before her! The raven minx had already bagged three sperm loads! Queeny was trailing! She had to do something! She had to find another cum donor. 

 Vanessa was getting hectic! It made it hard to think straight. She didn't dare to walk into the ballroom. What if she ran into Steve? What if someone detected the cum-filled rubbers on her waistband? With four waiters taking their break downstairs, there was precious little chance of finding more staff members upstairs anyway. The ginger slut took one last shot and dashed into the restaurant. 

 It was empty. 

 The smoking hot redhead stood in the dark restaurant. She desperately spun round. She felt like screaming out loud to let off steam. Losing the second round to Megan would mean the ultimate defeat. Tucker and Griffin had handed her a second chance to keep her posh, arrogant lady-self alive. But she wasn't enough of a slut to grab that chance. 

 Suddenly, Vanessa heard some noises in the kitchen. Hastily, she clutched the final straw. When the redhead entered the kitchen, she saw a cook placing dirty dishes in a dishwasher. Meanwhile, an older cook cleaned a stove. The two men met Vanessa's stereotypical imagination of cooks with their greasy, white aprons and chef hats. Despite their greasy outfits, the ginger slut was more than relieved to stumble upon them. She didn't hesitate for a second but directly approached them. 

 "Gentlemen, it's so unfair! You're busting your asses to make this ball work." she once again acted all seductively. "And do you gain any laurels for it? No, you don't!" 

 "At least, let me show you my gratefulness!" she left no doubts about her intentions. 

 The two cooks stopped in their tracks and looked at the flame-haired knockout in disbelief. They couldn't belief their luck. They had never experienced such a smoking hot beauty talking in such enticing ways. 

 Vanessa didn't ease her seduction. She stepped in between the two guys and grabbed their dicks through their pants. She felt the greasy aprons on her fine, manicured hands but was too focused to care. 

 In the meantime, the older cook took the initiative. He pulled her zipper open and pushed the white gown off her right shoulder. This way, the stunning redhead stood completely naked in between them. The two cooks began kneading and mauling her voluptuous juggs while she massaged their dicks. Then the older cook put his hand on Vanessa's shoulders and pushed her onto hands and knees on the grime-stained kitchen floor. He pulled his cock out of his pants and lifted his apron up. 

 The ginger slut took the hint and crawled underneath. She was on all fours. The dirty apron covered her back like a sheet. Only her ass stuck out. Vanessa shuddered from disgust when she felt the greasy material on the skin of her back. Nonetheless, she remained in this position while she gobbled down his erect dick. She quickly started bobbing her head up and down the whole length of his shaft. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!" 

 Suddenly, the flame-haired beauty shrieked around the cook's dick. She had alluringly shaken her ass during the blowjob, and the older guy had taken it as an invitation. He had grabbed a cooking spoon and slapped her right butt cheek with it. Immediately, the shape of the spoon was outlined in crimson colour against her tanned buttock. 

 The vibrations of Vanessa's scream stimulated his cock. So he carried on. He started a sequence of spanking the redhead's bottom with the cooking spoon. He alternately hit her right and left ass cheeks. Vanessa's bottom jerked and twitched vigorously under the harsh blows. 

 "Argh!... Argh!..." 

 All the while, her screams got muffled by the cook's dick in her mouth. The extra stimulation of her vibrating throat soon caught up with the older guy. In a forceful burst, his dick erupted and filled the rubber. 

 The moment Vanessa had crawled from underneath the older cook's pinny, the younger guy invitingly held up his kitchen apron. This one wasn't plain greasy. It was dripping with fat. The redhead better not wanted to know how he had used it. Once again, she got covered by the yucky material. In this little den, the stench of fat surrounded her. She squirmed from revulsion and had to retch dryly when the nauseating reek hit her. It only made the cooks laugh about the desperate slut. It was such a pathetic display of the squirming, gagging glamour bitch hidden underneath the dirty pinny with only her ass sticking out. 

 Vanessa quickly sucked down the younger cook's dick in hope of quickly finishing the blowjob. Suddenly, she felt the cooking spoon getting tipped against her lower back. First, the ginger slut didn't know what the guy was up to. But he kept on persistently. Finally, she realized what he wished and splayed her legs wide open. 

 "Aaarrrggghhh!" 

 Vanessa howled with pain. The cook had slapped her squarely onto her cunt with the cooking spoon. The vibration of the firm smack rolled up her spine like a thunderstorm. Her bottom clenched and quacked wildly. 

 "Argh!... Argh!... Aaarrrggghhh!" 

 Vanessa continued shrieking and squalling while the cook started a sequence of spanks. First, he slapped her left ass cheek, then her right buttock, and finally he hit her squarely on her cunt. Then he started from the scratch. Vanessa's ass quacked and twitched vigorously. Her whole backside writhed out of control. 

 The ginger slut was more occupied with shrieking than cocksucking. Tears stood in her eyes. She constantly sobbed around the dick in her mouth. The smacks on her poor cunt were no full blows or punches but focused, firm smacks instead. These firm smacks stung terribly nonetheless. They let her completely forget about the nauseating stench of fat under the dirty apron. 

 Each time before he hit her, the cook made her feel the spoon. He placed it at the spot on her cheeks or pussy where he was about to land the smack. Vanessa held her breath in anticipation of the coming slap. She wanted to close her legs. She wanted to wriggle her ass away. But she had to get the load of cum so she carried on. The anticipation of the coming smack was almost worse than the spank itself. 

 All the while, the cook firmly held Vanessa's head in place so his cock remained deep down her throat. The vibrations of her clenching throat excited him tremendously. He didn't even let the glammed-up diva suck his shaft with her lips. Instead, he brought himself off with Vanessa's shrieks. 

 "Beg me, you stupid, teasing slut!" he suddenly instructed her. "Beg me to spank your pussy or you won't get my cum!" 

 The ginger slut knew that she was running out of time. She also knew that Megan had safely bagged three loads of spunk - at least three loads if she hadn't found further staff members. She needed the young cook's cum! No matter how hard he spanked her poor pussy! 

 "Plss srr! Spnk ma grdiii pssiii!" the redhead mumbled. 

 But with the cock down her throat all the cooks heard was some gibberish. It made them laugh hard. The young guy kept his dick down Vanessa's throat and made her mumble a plea before each terribly stinging smack. By now, he spanked her cunt with every blow. 

 "Znk yuu srr! Plss, spnk ma pssiii mrr, srr!" 

 The cooks were treated to an extremely obscene sight with Vanessa's beet red ass sticking out of the fat-drenched apron, her spread-open, glowing cunt winking alluringly, and some gibberish coming out from underneath the pinny. 

 "Aaaooouuuaaarrrggghhh!" 

 With the fourth smack on her poor twitching cunt, Vanessa screamed so hard that the cook finally blew several wads of thick sperm into the condom. The stunning redhead sobbed while she added the fourth cum-filled rubber to her waistband and crawled from underneath the fat-drenched apron. 

 "Look at the shameless whore!" the older chook spat. His voice clearly reflected his contempt. "The 'lady' pranced in here like a haughty bitch! And now she crawls over the floor like a whipped dog with her tail between her legs! What comes around goes around, you stupid, teasing cow!" 

 When Vanessa looked up at the older cook, she saw that his dick was hard again. The pussy spanking had aroused him so much that he was about to cum for a second time. He furiously jacked off. Before the ginger slut had a chance to react, his cock erupted and spurted several wads of jizz. 

 To Vanessa's utter disbelief, the cook splashed his goo directly onto the fat- drenched, grime-stained kitchen apron. Thick, white strands of cum hung on the greasy material. The sight alone made the flame-haired knockout gag. 

 "Nooo!" Vanessa screamed when the older cook suddenly grabbed her head and pushed her forward. 

 He pressed her face right into the fat-drenched pinny. The ginger slut fought back with all her might but she was too weak. Her arms helplessly waved through the air while the soft skin of her cheeks and lips got the full feeling of filth, grease, and goo. 

 "No! Ugh! No! Ugh! Ugh!" 

 Vanessa's protest got interrupted by her heavy retching and choking that was caused by the foul, nasty stench and yucky, sickening feeling. The older cook wasn't satisfied though. He pushed his grimy fingers into each corner of the redhead's mouth and pried her lips open. He pulled a fishhook on her and rubbed her open kisser around the filthy, vile pinny. 

 The cook used Vanessa's pried open mouth to scoop up his spunk. Of course, several other yucky remnants filled her kisser in the process. Shivers of disgust ran up and down her spine. Her quaking body battled her pitiful, miserable retches in the expression of her repulsion. 

 When the older guy finally released Vanessa, she was spent. The two cooks only laughed at the sobbing beauty while she put her gown back on. She hadn't expected to earn the final two cum loads with such an effort. Her poor pussy throbbed maddeningly, and she felt like vomiting. 

 But at least, she could see a silver lining. She was wearing four cum-filled condoms on her waistband. If Megan hadn't found another staff member, she was stuck with three rubbers. When Vanessa hustled out of the restaurant, a look on her watch told her that time was almost up. She had to get back into the basement. 

 Arriving in the locker room, Vanessa breathed a sigh of relief. No matter who won the naughty scavenger hunt, she was simply glad that she was back in the safe environment of the locker room. She had endured enough public adventures for one day. 

 Megan was already there. Her gown was gone. She stood in the middle of the room only clad in her scarlet thong. Vanessa had to position herself next to the raven minx and strip as well. The two glamour bitches standing side by side looked spectacular. Miss Arrogance's curvy body and stunning face framed by her long, ginger hair was a perfect contrast to Miss Gold Digger's slender killer body highlighted by her busty rack, electric blue eyes and long, jet-black hair. Even Queeny's white thong and silver jewellery contrasted nicely to Missy's scarlet panties and golden jewellery. 

 After the guys had soaked in the beauties' glorious appearances, the two sluts were pushed onto their hands and knees. The leashes were put back into place around their necks. The plastic swatter got stuck back up Vanessa's ass and the ponytail plug was reinserted in Missy's butt. In a heartbeat, their glamorous appearance was gone. Instead, two low fuckpets kneeled on the tiled floor again. Noticing the redhead's red spanked ass and glowing pussy, all four guys whistled appreciatively. 

 "Hehehe!" they mocked the ginger slut. "Someone took great pains to score some spunk, huh?" 

 It was just another reminder of how pathetic and embarrassing the glamour bitches' hunt for cum had been. They had tried to outdo each other in blowing random working stiffs. Vanessa couldn't even imagine her gossip friends' reaction if they ever heard about this. 

 Now, it was time for the fuckpets to present their prey. Vanessa proudly pulled the four condoms from her waistband. She could see that the sperm in the first two rubbers was already getting lumpy. It was a sight that made her stomach churn. The memory of the caky spunk she had licked from her thong in the poker room and the vile piss-cum brew she had drunken in the ballroom was still fresh in her mind. 

 With a challenging expression on her face, the flame-haired knockout looked over to Megan. The raven stunner's electric blue eyes didn't shoot daggers back though. Instead, she meekly lifted the three condoms she had bagged. Missy hadn't dared to go into the ballroom either. She hadn't found another staff member on the first floor. 

 "And Queeny scores the equalizer!" McKenzie proclaimed. "Seems like we found two belles of the ball! Two queen sluts of the 'Gangbanger's Ball'!" 

 "And so...," Tucker came up with a solution. "Both bitches win the first price!" 

 "The price for the queen of the 'Gangbanger's Ball' is quite simple." Tucker explained. "The queen slut always gets the honour of serving our cocks with her fuckholes!" 

 "Only this time, we got four holes to stuff!" Ramirez added with jeer. 

 Vanessa swallowed hard. That was the price for winning the competition? They had fought over the right to get fucked and used by these dirty shitheads? That was more of a punishment than a benefit! She felt incredibly exploited. The four working stiffs had taken advantage of the women's competitive natures! They had misled them! Neither Vanessa nor Megan would get their support for the country club crown. 

 It put a totally different complexion on the slutty scavenger hunt. The slut- race had been absolutely pointless. The flame-haired knockout would have avoided getting used by these scumbags if she had lost both rounds! Suddenly, the slut-race felt even more disgraceful. The four guys had played the sluts off against each other. They had enjoyed watching them going the extra mile in their futile competition. 

 "Hey, hey, hey! First things first!" Griffin suddenly interjected. "Can't let all that jizz go to waste! First of all, the fuckpets have to eat their spunk meals!" 

 "Yeah!" McKenzie agreed. "Can't get enough watching those bitches fighting over cum!" 

 The guys' comments made Vanessa sit up and take notice. She hadn't assimilated the news about the futility of the slut-race yet. But the remarks sounded like she was about to get her chance to take revenge for the humiliating locker door humping. 

 The dogslut treatment, the domination by her loathed rival, the pussy spanking, and the futile scavenger hunt made her boil with rage. The chance to vent her anger on Megan came in the nick of time. She yearned to let off steam. She wanted to put all her fury and frustration into punishing the raven minx. She wanted to dish the dirt on Missy and utterly disgrace her. 

 The stunning redhead broke out into a wide smile. She grinned like a Cheshire cat when she looked over to Megan. It was time for Missy to reap what she had sowed. 

 Surprisingly, Megan returned Vanessa's look. She didn't appear intimidated or frightened at all. Instead, she locked gazes with the redhead and defiantly raised an eyebrow. She seemed to dare the flame-haired beauty to give her best. It seemed as if she was implicitly telling Vanessa that she was ready to overcome each and every degradation Vanessa could throw at her. It only increased the redhead's urge to vent her anger on Missy. 

 "Here you go!" Griffin told Vanessa when he handed her three cum-filled rubbers. "Feed the skanky pony the jizz she earned so hard." 

 The flame-haired knockout grabbed the leash around Megan's neck and led her over to the wooden bench where the four guys were lounging around. She made the busty beauty trot up and down the whole length of the bench. 

 "C'mon, you prancing pony!" she goaded Missy on. "Show them what a well-trained dressage horse you are!" 

 Vanessa forced Megan to trot up and down in a high cadenced gait. The raven minx had to fold her hands behind her head and flex her back. This way, her busty, teardrop-shaped rack proudly stuck out from her chest. Megan had to pull her legs up to her tits with every step. Every time, she didn't manage to touch her soft tits with her knees, she received a nudge on her ass with the leash. The horse gait looked incredibly degrading and made the skanky pony sweat from the effort. 

 After two rounds up and down the bench, the busty beauty had to stop in front of Vanessa. The redhead stretched her hand out. A cum-filled rubber lay on her palm. The skanky pony had to bend over with her legs straight and eat the condom from the palm of Vanessa's hand. She looked like a horse that got fed with sugar. 

 With the slick, smelly rubber in her mouth, Megan had to walk two more rounds up and down the bench in the high cadenced walk. All the while, she chewed on the condom with a disgusted expression on her face. 

 When the skanky pony finally came to a halt in front of Vanessa, she spat the rubber onto the tiled floor. It was empty. Megan had sucked all the caky cum out of it. But it had only been the first of three cum-filled rubbers. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 20 ****** byCathartico© Vanessa tugged on the leash and dragged the raven minx onto her knees. Then she sank down next to her. This way, the two glamour bitches were kneeling face-to- face on the tiled floor. With a head gesture, Vanessa guided McKenzie over to her. Then she threw her head back and opened her mouth. The black janitor took her hint and grabbed the second condom. He held the cum-filled rubber directly above Vanessa's head. 

 McKenzie squeezed the gooey jizz out of the condom. The white, slimy mass left smeary streaks on the rubber tube. It looked more than unappetizingly. Nonetheless, Vanessa bravely kept her mouth open and awaited the sperm load. Finally, the thick wad landed on the redhead's tongue. She looked straight at Megan. The raven stunner kneeled directly opposite her. 

 SPEW 

 Queeny spit the whole wad of cum into Missy's face. The raven minx jerked vigorously - as much from surprise as from the humiliation of getting spat at. Her whole face got sprayed and thick white jizz gobs scattered all over her cheeks. Megan whimpered with a bewildered, grossed-out expression on her face. 

 The guys loved the unexpected turn of events. They even cheered Vanessa on. The redhead leaned back again and opened her mouth to receive the second spunk load from McKenzie. Once again, he squeezed the jizz out of the smeary rubber onto her tongue. This time, Megan couldn't help herself. She already squirmed in revulsion while anticipating Vanessa's spitting. 

 SPEW 

 Once again, the flame-haired knockout spit the whole wad of cum into the raven stunner's face. Megan howled and trembled from disgust. Slowly, Missy's facial features became unrecognizable. Her face was getting so messy and glazed with cum. Nonetheless, the raven minx tried her best to lock gazes with the redhead. 

 

 Megan furiously shot daggers at the redhead. But the fiery sparkle in her electric, deep blue eyes got suppressed by a look of revulsion. Vanessa was more than satisfied with her revenge. She had managed to take her stubborn, defiant rival down a peg. Her cunt still throbbed solidly. But right now, the harsh pussy smacks had been worth it. She wouldn't let this bitch upstage her - - no matter the level. Nor as the queen bee neither as the queen slut! 

 Ramirez interrupted the glamour bitches' power struggle when he stepped over and roughly grabbed Vanessa's head. Once again, the redhead's face got pushed forward, and she was getting forced to lick the dried sperm off her black- haired rival. 

 "Hehehe!" the four staff members cheered. "That was a great catfight!" 

 "Let's see what club pony got up her sleeves!" Tucker remarked when he handed the four remaining rubbers to Missy. "I'm curious how she strikes back!" 

 The fire in Miss Gold Digger's eyes immediately flamed back up while a glint of panic welled up in Miss Arrogance's green eyes. Vanessa had been so absorbed with her revenge that she had totally forgotten about the remaining rubbers. 

 Now, it was payback time for Megan! The raven stunner quickly got to her feet and dragged Vanessa up with the leash. She positioned the flame-haired knockout in front of the bench and forced her to dance for the guys. While Queeny swayed her hips and shook her ass, her curvy body with her long legs and voluptuous juggs came into its own. 

 SLOSH 

 Out of the blue, Megan disturbed the mesmerizing scene. She had thrown a rubber at the dancing redhead. With a sick, squishing sound, it hit Vanessa right across her forehead. Some spunk squirted out from the impact and splashed over her left cheek. Queeny winced and her body twitched wildly. Now, it was her turn to wail from the disgusting feeling. 

 "Yeah, Missy! Use that dogslut as a dart board!" McKenzie hollered. Obviously, Megan's sudden, unexpected action had been a wake-up call and torn them out of their hypnosis. 

 "Hehehe! Miss Gold Digger almost hit the Bull's Eye!" Griffin added with a chuckle. "I say the dogslut's head is the Bull and her tits are the Ring!" 

 All guys laughed hard. Their degrading comments made Vanessa whimper from humiliation. Nonetheless, a sharp tug on the leash was enough to make her restart her saucy, spellbinding dance. This time, her sexy figure was adorned with the used rubber sticking to her forehead. 

 SQUISH 

 Megan threw the second condom at her flame-haired rival. This time, it hit the redhead right across her full, juicy melons. Once again, some slimy cum splashed out over her right fleshcan while the used rubber stuck to her delicate, tanned skin. Once again, Vanessa's body jerked from the gross feeling. The ginger slut clenched her teeth to keep herself from whimpering. But the humiliation of getting reduced to a slutty dart board was written all over her face. 

 The four sleazy working stiffs were getting restless. They wanted to get in on the action. So Megan handed the two remaining rubbers to Tucker and Ramirez. Then she stepped over to the dancing redhead and scraped the two stuck condoms off her skin. She handed them over to Griffin and McKenzie. Thereby, all four guys were geared up to play a round of darts. This time it was Vanessa's turn to whimper pitifully in anticipation of the oncoming degradation. She wiggled her hips while the guys took turns throwing the rubbers at their slutty dart board. 

 SLOSH 

 "Yeah! Inner Ring!" Ramirez remarked when the used condom got stuck right on Queeny's left nipple. 

 SQUISH 

 "Oooh! Missed the Bull!" Griffin exclaimed when his rubber missed Vanessa's face and splashed against her neck. 

 SLOSH 

 "Stay! Stay!" Tucker shouted when his condom hit the ginger slut's chin and was about to slide off. 

 "Yeah! Bull it is!" he cheered when the sticky rubber remained glued to Queeny's chin. 

 SQUISH 

 "Woohoo! That's the winner baby!" McKenzie finally celebrated when his cum- filled condom landed squarely over Vanessa's nose bridge, hitting the bull's eye. 

 The flame-haired knockout looked like a pile of misery when all four rubbers covered her curvy, tanned body. The used cum-filled condoms looked as vile and yucky as they felt. One rubber hung off her left nipple and a second one stuck to her neck. A third rubber hung off her chin and the fourth condom stuck right across the bridge of her nose. A strand of spunk had splashed out of each rubber and left trails of gooey slime on her ravishing body. 

 Vanessa's disgusted expression was accompanied by some babbling, grossed-out noises. Despite her revulsion, she had unconsciously begun fingering her clit. The utter debasement had reignited the fire in her loins. 

 Megan pushed the ginger slut onto her knees and scraped the trails of cum off her body. She made her flame-haired rival suck the sperm off her delicate French-manicured fingers. Then she peeled the stuck rubbers off Vanessa's skin and disdainfully threw the condoms onto the tiled floor. 

 Miss Gold Digger grabbed Miss Arrogance's head and bent the redhead down. One by one, Vanessa had to fetch the rubbers off the floor with her mouth. She had to chew on each slick, smelly condom until she had squeezed all the sperm out of it. 

 The two glamour bitches earned another round of applause from the four guys when the show was over. They had definitely given each other a run for the money. Their wild, unrestrained catfight had been an extremely raunchy, obscene spectacle. 

 The four staff members were so turned on that they couldn't sit still any longer. McKenzie and Ramirez led the two fuckpets into the middle of the locker room. They placed them face-to-face with their derrieres turned into opposite directions. Their asses stuck up in the air and their heads were on the tiled floor. In this position, Vanessa's sparkling green eyes and Megan's electric blue eyes continued their duel of piercing glances. None of them was willing to give in. They were still hellbent on upstaging and outslutting the other one. That was all that mattered to them at the moment. 

 In the meantime, Tucker grabbed another item from his sex stash. However, Vanessa couldn't see what it was as it was happening behind her back. She only felt a strange object getting pushed up her asshole. When the burly, brute security guard stepped behind Megan and did the same, the redhead was finally able to identify the mysterious object. It was a round, plastic stick. 

 She couldn't make sense of it before she saw Tucker and Ramirez lining up behind Megan's ass. They positioned themselves at least 12 feet away from the raven minx. Each of them had four toy rings in his hands. Suddenly, she recognized what they were up to. 

 The four sleazeballs were about to use their fuckpets for an anal ring toss game! Vanessa shuddered when she realized that the guys were using Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger as nothing more than stick-holders. They objectified the glamour bitches for their dirty game! 

 Vanessa had been objectified in the 'Red Rose Club' before. She had loathed it and fought hard to earn her customers' admiration. She had managed to change their perception. She had evolved from a cheap piece of fuckmeat to the local superwhore. Now, the stunning redhead was getting objectified again. This time by the staff of the country club! The disgrace was even worse! 

 With a look over her shoulder, Vanessa saw that Griffin and McKenzie were standing behind her. They were also holding four toy rings each. Obviously, they had formed two teams that were playing against each other. 

 "Ouuh!" Vanessa exclaimed the next moment. 

 Tucker had started the game and thrown the first toy ring. It had missed Megan's anal stick by far and hit Vanessa squarely in the face. It barely hurt physically but it intensified the feeling of getting objectified. She felt like a plain stick-holder that was about to get stowed away in the broom closet after its use. The four working stiffs turned out to be terrible pitchers and each guy's first throw missed wide. 

 "Umph!" Megan squealed when McKenzie's toy ring hit her ass. 

 The raven stunner looked as shamefaced as her flame-haired rival. The degradation was getting to her just as much. Nonetheless, the two glamour bitches gave their best to continue gazing at each other while holding their asses steady. 

 In a strange way, the debasing act of freely offering her butt as a target thrilled Vanessa. Each time a toy ring hit the redhead, her body twitched from the impact and a small electric jolt exploded inside of her. The same seemed to happen to Megan as her challenging gaze was slowly getting clouded by a fog of lust. Quite evidently, the two security guards had found themselves two proper submissive sluts that thrived under their degradations. 

 "Ouh!..." "Umph!..." "Ouuhhh!..." "Ummmhhh!..." "Ooohhh!..." "Uuuhhh!..." the two fuckpets squealed and squirmed alternately when the toy rings hit their faces, backs, and asses respectively. With each impact, their yelps turned more and more into moans. 

 "Bam! Pole Position!" Ramirez suddenly rejoiced when his third pitch hit the target. "I get the first shot at those juicy fuckholes!" 

 The smug Latino stepped away from the line and celebrated his success while the other three guys continued the anal ring toss game. 

 "Ooohhh!..." "Uuuhhh!" Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger commented the two next pitches by McKenzie and Tucker that once again hit them in the faces successively. 

 "Yesss! Second!" Griffin hollered when his third pitch was successful as well. 

 This only left Tucker and McKenzie in the game. The two continued tossing their toy rings at their human stick-holders. But they didn't have much luck. Their fourth rings didn't hit the target either. Each one hit a fuckpet's back with a smack. Vanessa didn't know how much longer she would be able to take the nasty game. The objectification was so utterly debasing. But at the same time, it mercilessly fuelled the fire of lust in her loins. The degenerate excitement was slowly driving her mad. 

 "C'mon fuckpets!" Tucker urged the two glamour bitches. "Bring those rings back to your owners!" 

 The two smoking hot sluts had to crawl around the tiled floor with the plastic sticks peeking out of their assholes and fetch the toy rings. They had to deliver the rings one by one to the respective staff member. Each fuckpet had to fetch four rings. When they were done, Vanessa felt more like a dirty dogslut than ever before. Back in position, the two working stiffs picked the anal ring toss game up where they had left off. 

 "Mmmh!" another throw by Tucker hit Vanessa's right ass cheek and made her pussy tingle. 

 "Aaahhh!" a pitch from McKenzie stroke Megan's sensitive cunt and made her body shake from the impact. 

 "Ta-da!" Tucker raised his fists in triumph when he finally managed to hit Vanessa's stick with the next throw and end the game. 

 Ultimately, the order of fucking the two sluts had been determined. Ramirez had scored the pole position. Griffin got the second shot. Tucker was the third in line and McKenzie was the last. 

 While Griffin pulled the plastic sticks from the glamour bitches' butts, Tucker placed a glass bowl between them. The bowl was filled with folded bits of paper. The papers were either white or yellow. 

 "As the skanky club pony caught the first ring, she gets the honour to pick the first act!" Tucker informed the two pets. "Pick a white and a yellow one!" 

 While Megan put her hand into the glass bowl and pulled out a bit of yellow paper, it dawned on Vanessa that this was some kind of raffle. 

 "1 on 2!" Megan read out. 

 "Hehehe!" Ramirez hollered. "I get those sluts all to myself!" 

 After the raven minx had determined the pairing, it was time to draw the sex act with a white bit of paper from the bowl. 

 "Stacked!" she read out. 

 This didn't really sound like a sex act to Vanessa. But maybe, she just couldn't imagine what it was supposed to mean. She didn't have much time to ponder it anyways. Ramirez was so fired up from the long wait that he was over Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger in a heartbeat. He pulled on Queeny's leash and made her crawl forward. She had to stop when her face was even with Missy's butt. 

 "C'mon bitches!" he instructed the fuckpets. "Get those asses ready for my cock!" 

 By now, Vanessa's urge to outperform Megan mixed with the itching in her pussy and formed an overpowering blend of arousal that let her forget about her aversion toward her loathed rival. She didn't hesitate for a second. Instead, she grabbed Megan's round globes of ass meat and hungrily spread them apart with her French-nailed hands. She got her teeth into the plastic stick and began to thrust the rod in and out of the raven stunner's asshole by bobbing her head up and down. Meanwhile, she felt how Megan followed her lead and used the plastic stick to drill the redhead's asshole. 

 The girth of the sticks was rather small but it was enough to loosen the glamour bitches' anal rings. Nonetheless, Vanessa quickly got rid of the stick to present Megan's o-ring to the guys. The raven minx's bunghole was slightly gaping so the dark tunnel behind her sphincter was already vaguely perceptible. The flame-haired knockout didn't stop though. She plunged her two French-nailed index fingers into Megan's anal orifice and started stretching her anal ring out. She basically scratched and clawed at the raven stunner's butt like a wildcat. 

 Once again, Megan followed her lead. She spread Vanessa's ass cheeks wide to show off the redhead's elastic asshole and began licking her crack until it glistened wetly. Then she tongued the ginger slut's wrinkled bunghole. The raven stunner even dug her soft, wet tongue up the Vanessa's ass chute while smiling provokingly at the guys. 

 In front of the men's eyes, Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger had turned from glamorous divas into wanton predators. Finally, there wasn't a single hint of their former posh, haughty attitude left. They acted like beasts on the prowl for meat -- or rather for their rival's flesh. The four sleazy working stiffs enjoyed how the two sluts had transferred their catfight from pulling their hair to snowballing cum to ultimately ravishing their fuckholes. 

 When the two glamour bitches had clawed and stretched their tight buttholes into gaping cavities, Ramirez got into the action. He grabbed their leashes and dragged them over to the wooden bench. 

 "Let's see if you're as good a riding pony as a dressage horse!" he addressed Megan. 

 Then Ramirez positioned Missy on her hands and knees with her stomach over the bench. This way, her bodacious tits dangled invitingly down her chest. Subsequently, he made Vanessa kneel on the bench. She had to spread her legs and lower her ass until she lay right atop Megan's back. He placed the two fuckpets on top of each other in a way that their tanned butts were stacked. The two sluts had to reach back and spread their ass cheeks open with their French-manicured hands to present their winking sexholes. 

 "Gosh, I love the sight of two round, juicy butts stacked one above the other!" the smug Latino commented the salacious vision of the four piled up, gaping fuckholes. "You simply wanna pounce on'em and pound'em into oblivion!" 

 Ramirez put his hand over Megan's spread pussy. He roughly grabbed her soft, juicy plum and vigorously rubbed it. He attacked her clit and inner pussy lips with frantic speed and caused Missy's cunt to erupt with squishing sounds. 

 "Oooh!... Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Yaaahhh!..." the raven minx began to scream in lust while her body heavily quaked and trembled. 

 Only the wooden bench kept Megan in place. Her shaking body seized Vanessa as well. The redhead was riding a pony that wildly reared up and made her struggle to keep her balance. She almost tumbled off Missy's back and fell to the tiled floor. The two stacked bodies uncontrollably writhed around in an extremely saucy display. 

 Abruptly, the greenkeeper stopped rubbing Megan's cunt. Instead, he reached up and grasped Vanessa's winking pussy. He put his hand between her cunt lips and rubbed her clit just as vigorously. 

 "Aaah!... Oh! Oh! Aaahhh!" 

 Now, it was the redhead's turn to scream in pleasure with her body quaking unrestrainedly. Vanessa's body writhed so violently that Megan had a hard time to remain on all fours. Once again, the raven riding pony and her flame-haired rider performed an extremely vulgar dance with their stacked bodies. 

 The guys watching the lewd spectacle were rolling on the floor laughing so hard they had to hold their sides. The two fuckpets looked extremely ridiculous and helpless while caught in their ecstatic bliss. 

 After each slut had received two rounds of pussy rubbing, Ramirez decided that it was time for his cock to join the action. He positioned his body behind the two stacked bitches while his three co-workers moved close to see all of the action. 

 With a powerful thrust, his thick cock split Megan's pussy lips and speared her cunt. The raven minx simply groaned from the new sensation on her snatch. The Latino drilled her pussy with powerful strokes that pushed the bench back and forth. Thereby, the two stacked sluts got shoved around as well. Once again, Vanessa struggled to keep her balance on her riding pony. 

 After a few minutes, Ramirez pulled his cock from Megan's pussy with a slurping sound. He instantly plunged his thick tool up Vanessa's cunt. Now, it was Queeny's turn to groan uninhibitedly while her body got pushed around on Missy's back. The three co-workers got treated to an obscene sight. They had a perfect view to Miss Gold Digger's wide open pussy and jagged, gaping asshole as well as Miss Arrogance's plugged cunt. 

 After a few thrusts, Ramirez pulled out of Vanessa's snatch. It was time to ravage the glamour bitches' assholes. Without hesitating, he hammered his thick cock through Megan's sphincter and went balls deep. Once again, the riding pony reared up and her flame-haired rider almost fell out of the saddle. Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 20 ****** byCathartico© The smug greenkeeper only treated Missy's asshole to a few powerful strokes. Then he pulled out, rammed his thick cock up Queeny's gaping butthole and reamed her ass for a few moments. His three co-workers loved this position the most as they got a full view of Miss Gold Digger's drilled out fuckholes and Miss Arrogance's stretched out snatch. By now, all three sexholes had taken on an aggressive, crimson colour. 

 However, Ramirez was intent on upping the level of debauchery. He picked up a rhythm of administering individual thrusts to each fuckhole. He pounded the fuckpets' sexholes in a particular sequence. First, he plunged his cock up Megan's pussy followed by Vanessa's cunt. Then he tackled Missy's asshole followed by Queeny's bunghole. This caused the glamour bitches to continuously writhe and wriggle around while screaming in a frenzied chaos. 

 "Ooohhh!..." "Aaahhh!..." "Oh! Fuck! Oh!" "Ouuuhhhaaahhh!" 

 Finally, Ramirez pulled his cock out and stepped away. He placed a hand on each of the sluts' cunts. Then he simultaneously started his frantic pussy-rubbing. The two fuckpets went wild on top of each other. The smug greenkeeper didn't stop though. The sluts' bodies quaked and went totally out of control. 

 Eventually, it was too much for Megan. She reared up. The raven riding pony and her flame-haired rider tumbled off the bench and landed in a jumbled, chaotic heap on the tiled floor. 

 The moment their stacked bodies collapsed, an earth-shattering orgasm seized them both. They continued to shake and tremble on the floor with their limps entangled. Ramirez simply stepped over the human clutter and showered their bodies in cum. His sperm sprayed everywhere, coating their faces, tits and stomachs. Some goo even landed on their legs. 

 It took Vanessa and Megan a few moments until the waves of ecstatic zest subsided. While the two hot sluts untangled their limps, they were ordered to clean the cum off each other. The amount of spunk Ramirez had shot was quite impressive. The two fuckpets had to explore every limp and curve of their rival's body with their tongue to gather up all his jizz. 

 In the meantime, Tucker placed the glass bowl back between the glamour bitches. This time, it was Vanessa's turn to draw the bits of paper. 

 "2 on 2!" she read out. 

 Apparently, the two security guards had been picked to fuck Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger simultaneously. 

 "Cream Dream!" Vanessa then read out the sex act. 

 The two sluts gazed at each other with questioning looks. Once again, they both didn't have a clue what the pick was supposed to mean. In response to the pick, Tucker stepped over to his locker and pulled out a spray can. 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to figure out what the spray can contained, Griffin was over her. He placed the fuckpets next to each other with their asses facing the bench. Once again, the two glamour bitches had to stick their butts up in the air and put their faces on the tiled floor while reaching back with their delicate hands to spread their ass cheeks. 

 The four staff members were treated to a compelling sight. Two juicy, tanned asses side by side, showing off two gaping o-rings framed by two pairs of French-nailed hands draped with silver and golden bracelets respectively. Griffin and Tucker proudly towered over these winking asses like standing over hunted game. 

 Then they finally put the spray cans to use. Vanessa heard a sputtering noise and felt a fluffy mass sliding down her ass chute. She didn't have a clue what it could be. The strange feeling up her ass irritated the flame-haired beauty. So she looked over to Megan. Tucker stood over her ass and held the aerosol container at her anal orifice. He was filling her ass pipe with spray cream! 

 The two security guards were taking the sex act literally! This realization left the stunning redhead dumbfounded for a moment. Meanwhile, she felt Griffin filling up her bowels with whipped cream. Watching Megan's asshole swallowing the white fluffy mass looked incredibly nasty. She instantly knew that this was about to become one hell of a sloppy mess. 

 With her bowels full, Vanessa tightly clamped her asshole together to keep the fluffy load up her ass. But the rude guys were having none of that. They mercilessly fondled the glamour bitches clits. Vanessa felt her arousal rising. To the same extent, her ass muscles were relaxing. Her bunghole began to twitch. She was struggling mightily to keep her asshole closed. Any second, she was about to let rip a loud cream fart. That would be too demeaning. She couldn't let that happen! 

 From the corner of her eye, the ginger slut saw that Megan was struggling equally. The redhead only hoped that the raven minx would blow the cream prior to her. The two security guards were getting impatient. A harsh slap to each slut's right ass cheek made their buttocks jiggle and increased the pressure on their sphincters. Vanessa gritted her teeth to endure the strain. 

 "C'mon fuckpets!" Griffin barked. "Show us your cream fart skills!" 

 The two guys were fed up with the wildcats' stubborn resistance. They wanted to see the glamour bitches getting dirty. They wanted to watch Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger messing around with the spray cream. 

 Neither slut reacted though. Another simultaneous slap to each left buttock finally broke the levee. With loud grunts, Vanessa and Megan relaxed their tightly clamped assholes. The whipped cream spurted out in a wide arc and splashed onto the tiled floor with a sick, splashing sound. 

 Vanessa was shaking from embarrassment. She had just emptied her bowels in front of a crowd of four working stiffs from the country club. It had only been spray cream erupting from her ass but that didn't matter. The sheer act was more than humiliating. 

 "Looks like the skanky club pony is the better farter!" Griffin assumed the role of the judge. 

 "Missy clearly wins!" he stated while raising Megan's hand in a mocking victory pose. 

 This only added to Vanessa's humiliation. It seemed strange that she felt ashamed to be the loser of such a degrading act. Still, her urge to outperform her black-haired rival exceeded any sting of degradation. 

 Megan didn't have much time to celebrate her victory though. Griffin grabbed her hair and dragged her over to the puddle of cream on the tiles. After the long stay up the sluts' bowels, the cream looked sloppy and sludgy. It definitely wasn't an appetizing look. 

 However, the revolting sight didn't stop the black security guard. He shoved Megan's face straight into the icky, creamy puddle. He treated Missy's face like a mop and wiped her cheeks through the sloppy mess. Then he used her mouth like a dust pan to scoop up some white cream from the tiled floor. 

 This time, it was Megan's turn to vigorously tap the tiles with her French- nailed hands and kick her legs in a display of helplessness and disgust. But it didn't help. Her mouth got filled with sludgy ass-passed cream anyways. 

 When the raven stunner's mouth was filled, Tucker followed suit. He led Vanessa over to the yucky, white puddle and used her mouth as a dust pan as well. Queeny tried her best to keep her composure. But despite her efforts, her body reacted to the revolting ordeal by flushing her whole skin with goosebumps. She couldn't keep herself from whimpering in disgust either. 

 When both glamour bitches got their mouths loaded, the two guys simultaneously plunged their cocks up their kissers. Their thick shafts pushed the whipped cream down their throats and forcefully fed the white sludge into their bellies. The two sluts reacted with loud gags and chokes. They both retched and thick, slobbery sludge splashed out from the corners of their lips. 

 For several minutes, the guys showed off a vulgar choreography. They badgered the glamour bitches' faces in a synchronized pace. They simultaneously drilled their dicks down their fuckpets' throats. In response, the two smoking hot sluts retched and gagged pitifully. When the two workings stiffs pulled their shafts back out, two creamy white fountains burst from their kissers. Ultimately, the yucky, white sludge totally covered both sluts' faces and busty racks. It was an incredible mess. 

 Satisfied with the messed-up, soiled state of the formerly glamorous divas, the two security guards finished their synchronized skull fucking. Tucker grabbed Vanessa's ginger hair and pushed her over to Megan's body. 

 Kneeling face-to-face, the two sluts automatically snapped back into their competitive, predatory slut-mode. Missy cupped her bodacious, tear-drop shaped fleshorbs while Queeny clasped her voluptuous, round funbags. Then the two wanton wildcats pressed their cream covered juggs together and grinded their titmeat against each other. They started swapping the white sludge between their busty racks. 

 The two sluts even licked the sloppy cream off their cheeks. Then they began French kissing in an extremely saucy way. Finally, they alternately licked the whipped cream off their ripe melons and snowballed the white mass. In a lewd display, they both presented their cream-filled kissers to the guys and tilted their heads back to swallow the sloppy doses. 

 When their tits and faces were clean as a whistle, Griffin pushed Megan's face back down so her ass was pointing upwards. Then he sprayed the shape of a heart onto each of the raven stunner's ass cheeks. 

 "Ain't that cute!" Tucker mocked the cream play while he guided Vanessa over to the raven minx's butt. 

 The ginger slut had to munch on Megan's buttocks. First, she used her tongue to smear the heart all over her black-haired rival's bottom. Then she spit-shined Missy's buttocks until she had licked off all the whipped cream. 

 Griffin continued the messy action by filling the skanky club pony's ass crack with a creamy line and making the dogslut eat her rival's ass. Apparently, the two security guards couldn't get enough of the cream play. 

 "Now that we finally found out what your good for, skanky pony, we need to further use your farting skills!" Tucker mocked the raven minx. 

 Megan grunted from despair but relaxed her ass muscles anyway. The burly, brute security guard took his aerosol container and sprayed a fresh dose of whipped cream up her ass. Meanwhile, Griffin grabbed Vanessa's head and pried her mouth open. He positioned the redhead with her face right underneath the raven stunner's ass. 

 PRAARP 

 The cream burst from Megan's ass and directly splashed onto Vanessa's face. A good amount of the whipped mass landed in her open mouth. Griffin had to hold the flame-haired knockout in his vice grip to keep her jerking body from slumping. She winced and gagged from this vile ordeal. Miss Arrogance could barely grasp the fact that Miss Gold Digger had just farted a load of cream into her face and mouth! 

 Megan looked back over her shoulder. Her electric blue eyes sparkled in triumph while she directly gazed at Vanessa's cream smeared face. She had just gotten her revenge for getting cum spit into her face. 

 "Don't let it go to waste, Queeny!" Tucker tore Vanessa out of her dazed state. "Clean your mug and feed it to your yapper, dogslut!" 

 With a disgusted, pained expression on her face, the ginger slut obeyed and scraped the sludgy cream off her face with her French-nailed fingers. She fed the sloppy, white mass back to her mouth. 

 When she had gathered up all the cream, McKenzie attracted her attention by holding up two large beer glasses. He then placed the glasses on the far side of the room. 

 "You're gonna crawl over to the beer glass and fill it with cream." Tucker explained. "We continue till the container is empty and the glass is full. Hehehe!" 

 Vanessa's pained expression didn't brighten up a bit when she comprehended the new task. The idea had the potential to get extremely messy. However, the flame-haired knockout started crawling though the locker room without any protest. She hurried over to the glass, spewed the white sludge into it, and crawled back to Tucker. 

 He pushed Vanessa's face down on the tiled floor and filled her ass with another cream load. It was time for Megan to get her face guided over to the ginger slut's waiting ass. By now, the flame-haired knockout had lost her inhibition to fart in front of the staff members. She had to get even with her loathed rival and return the favour of farting cream onto her face. 

 The messy cream play continued for the best part of 15 minutes. Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger received a total of 4 cream farts to the face respectively. After the first cream loads, the guys stopped urging them to clean their messed-up faces. Thereby, both sluts got quickly saturated in sludgy cream. With each mouthful, they caught less and less while more of the whipped mass soiled their facial features and bodies. Still, the two glasses ended up half-full when the aerosol containers were finally empty. To the sluts' surprise, each one had to keep the final cream dose in their bowels. 

 "Come and get these while they're still nice and warm!" McKenzie smirked while pointing at the glasses. 

 The beer mugs were a disgusting sight as the whipped cream had become all slushy. The white mass swam inside the glasses like a thick, viscid paste. But the two formerly glamorous divas didn't look much better as their bodies and faces were shimmering in a coating of sloppy cream. When they reached the beer mugs, they held them in their hands and took a deep breath to brace themselves. Then they opened their lips and started to pour the vile, foul mass into their mouths. 

 The four staff members stared at the nasty scene with wide eyes. Despite their anticipation of the raunchy act, the actual execution looked even more obscene and depraved than imagined. Miss Arrogance's and Miss Gold Digger's mouths had little chance to keep up with the constant flow of ass-passed cream. Soon, it overflowed and ran down their ravishing bodies. 

 When the messy cream play was finally over, the two glamour bitches had been turned into human heaps of filth. But the two security guards hadn't even fucked the sluts yet... 

 The two rude security guards placed Vanessa with her back on the tiled floor. Then they pinned Megan on top of the flame-haired beauty in a 69 position. This way, Queeny's head was directly underneath the raven minx's pussy while Missy's face hovered right above the redhead's cunt. 

 Finally, the two guys pulled their hard cocks out. Griffin positioned himself between Vanessa's splayed legs while Tucker got behind Megan's butt. Without further ado, they simultaneously rammed their throbbing dicks up the glamour bitches' backdoors. The two gaping assholes were well prepared for the anal assault and easily swallowed the guys' tools. Nonetheless, Griffin had a dick that fit his colossal physique. His monster dong stretched Vanessa's poor o- ring wide. She groaned out from the strain on her sphincter. At the same time, she heard Megan grunt. 

 "OoohAaah!... OoohAaah!" 

 The fuckpets started moaning in unison while the security guards reamed their assholes for good. Tucker went on an anal rampage hammering Megan's asshole in rapid speed while Griffin set a slower, sturdy pace churning Vanessa's bowels with the full size of his monster dong. 

 After a while, Tucker grasped Vanessa's hair and pulled her head up. He shoved the ginger slut's mouth straight into Megan's cunt. It was leaking pussy juices. The flame-haired beauty was in a haze of lust by now. So she stuck out her tongue and began lapping away at her rival's juicy snatch. She could see the brute bully's shaft rapidly pistoning in and out of Missy's quivering asshole. His balls even slapped against her forehead on its way out. At the same time, Vanessa felt Megan's lips on her wet pussy. Obviously, Griffin had grabbed her hair and pushed her face into the redhead's crotch as well. She felt the vibrations of the raven minx's screams and grunts on her cunt lips. It drove her wild with lust. 

 The rude security guards continued tearing the glamour bitches a new one while the sluts hungrily licked each other's pussy. They pounded the fuckpets' asses so hard that the cream from the final spray doses began to ooze out of the sluts' assholes. 

 "Ugh!" Vanessa exclaimed when a blob of sloppy cream dropped onto her face. 

 After eating so many loads of ass-passed cream, it was still a disgusting feeling. It seemed similar to the act of ass munching. No matter how many times the redhead licked a man's ass, she would never get past the disgust. The same seemed to apply to getting cream farted in her face. 

 Tucker reacted to the redhead's outcry and pulled his thick cock out of Megan's ass with a slurping sound. His shaft was covered with white sludge. He instantly plunged his dick into Miss Arrogance's open mouth. 

 "Ugh! Yuk! Ugh! Yuk!" Vanessa babbled around the dick fucking her mouth. 

 From the compression in Megan's bowels and the churning by the security guard's cock, the sweet flavour had mixed with the bitter anal aroma creating a whole new vile taste. Nonetheless, Tucker continued drilling her mouth until the flame-haired knockout had cleaned all the cream off his cock. Then he hammered his tool back up Megan's ass chute. 

 But only to scoop up some more cream. He quickly pulled his sludge-covered shaft out of the raven stunner's ass and thrust it down the open mouth underneath. He enjoyed feeding Vanessa the yucky white sludge while appreciating the spectacular view down the raven minx's blown-out, hollow ass pipe. 

 Encouraged by Vanessa's cries of disgust, Griffin followed his co-worker's lead and pulled his monster dong from the ginger slut's ass. He began to feed the sloppy cream to Megan who sounded just as delighted by the nasty, vile meal as her flame-haired rival. For a while, the black security guard alternated between banging Vanessa's asshole and feeding the creamy sludge to the hungry mouth above. 

 Then the two guys changed position. It was time for Megan to feel the full size of Griffin's massive tool while Vanessa was treated to Tucker's power pumping. Missy grunted and whimpered when the black security guard's monster dong stretched her ass wide. To distract herself, the raven minx increased the intensity of licking Vanessa's cunt. The redhead responded by speeding up her pussy munching as well. 

 Finally, all the sensations overwhelmed the ginger slut. The fire in her loins exploded and a hot lava stream swashed over her. The redhead's body began to twitch and tremble when the orgasm hit her with full force. She screamed her ecstatic bliss into Megan's pussy. And that set off her raven-haired rival as well. 

 It was an incredibly raunchy spectacle of the two smoking hot sluts lying on top of each other while they got spit-roasted by the two security guards. The show became even more spectacular when the two sluts started writhing around uninhibitedly in orgasmic ecstasy grinding their bodies against each other. 

 The jerking bodies and twitching assholes were finally too much for the guys to handle. With load groans, they pulled their cocks out. Griffin pushed his massive tool down and emptied his balls directly onto Vanessa's face. Two bursts shot straight into the redhead's screaming mouth while the following wads plastered her face. Meanwhile, Tucker held his dick up and sprayed Megan's face with sticky spunk. In the end, the two sluts looked as if a bucket of glue had been poured over their faces. 

 Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger were so messed-up and besmeared with creamy sludge and gooey spunk that they got a few minutes to clean themselves up before the next round started. When they returned to the locker room, the glass bowl was back on the ground. Once again, it was Megan's turn to draw the act. As McKenzie was the only guy left, she solely drew a white bit of paper. Report_Story #7 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 20 ****** byCathartico© "Double Trouble!" she read out. 

 This didn't sound good. But after all, the black janitor was on his own. Maybe, it was supposed to mean double trouble for his cock as he had two sluts attacking his tool. 

 After watching the filthy mess his two co-workers had staged, the sturdy black man was more than fired up. He positioned Vanessa with her back on the floor. Then he placed Megan on top of her. He didn't put them in a 69 position though. Instead, he arranged their bodies in a way that they were face-to-face. Thereby, their tits were tightly pressed together and their fuckholes were stacked in a horizontal line again. 

 "C'mon bitches! Swap some spit!" he ordered. The two sluts instantly obeyed and started kissing. 

 "Rrrgh!" 

 With their lips locked, Vanessa suddenly groaned into Megan's mouth. McKenzie had plunged his thick cock through her sore, swollen anal ring and started banging away at her ass. The two smoking hot sluts continued kissing. 

 "Rrrgghhhmmmppphhh!" 

 Suddenly, Vanessa's eyes grew wide, and she started screaming bloody murder! Out of the slut's view, McKenzie had grabbed Tucker's baton. To execute the double trouble action, he had begun to add the club to the redhead's asshole. Her poor anal orifice was already stuffed by his big black cock. But now, he also squeezed the thick baton through her small o-ring. He was trying to give her a double anal penetration! 

 The pressure on her sphincter was indescribable. It felt like he was ripping her anal ring to shreds. Her anal orifice was stretched into new dimensions while Vanessa screamed and whimpered in agony. Her anal muscle resisted with all its might but it fought a hopeless battle. McKenzie kept pushing steadily. 

 "A proper slut must be able to serve two cocks with one hole!" the janitor urged the ginger slut. 

 "Rrrgghhooouuuhhh!" 

 With a mighty jerk, the truncheon popped through the stretched ring and sank down Vanessa's ass pipe. The flame-haired knockout bawled in pain but Megan continued kissing her in an attempt to somehow ease the strain and muffle her screams. The raven stunner's blue eyes clearly showed a fearful anticipation. She was afraid of having to endure the same double stuffing. And she definitely wasn't looking forward to that. In a strange way, the raven minx's frightened gaze eased Vanessa's agony. She was able to take a double anal penetration. Her rival still had to prove this skill. 

 "C'mon dogslut!" McKenzie teased Vanessa. "Prove that you got an elastic asshole worthy of a true fuckslut!" 

 The janitor was alluding to the redhead's pride as the local superwhore while he positioned his big black cock and the thick club next to each other. This way, the redhead's anal ring got stretched totally out of proportions. It lost its round shape. Instead, it yawned like an oval, toothless fishmouth. 

 With both sticks firmly in place, McKenzie started to ream out Vanessa's anal cavity. He used his cock and the club like one mighty stake, and simultaneously thrust it in and out. The flame-haired knockout felt like her ass chute got bulged with a hammer. But somehow, the janitor's allusions did their trick. Her whore-ego kicked into play. It made her proud to be able to endure the double anal stuffing. It gave her an edge over Megan. 

 McKenzie was barely able to pull the double-edged sword out of Vanessa's asshole. Her overstretched sphincter clutched the two sticks with such a force. He had to pull hard to get it out. Finally, they popped out of the redhead's sphincter with a loud snapping sound. 

 "Wow!" his co-workers exclaimed in admiration when they saw the huge crater that was left back. "That is one wrecked shithole!" 

 Vanessa's hollow ass pipe was so wide open that it seemed as if they were able to look up the redhead's spine to her neck. 

 "I bet my fist won't even touch that torn-up ass ring!" Ramirez commented the huge size of Vanessa's gaping ass tunnel. 

 "Is that all you got, dogslut?" McKenzie still seemed unsatisfied. 

 "Push!" he started shouting and his co-workers chimed in with the chorus. "Push! Push! Push!" 

 In contrast to the clients' gape play in the poker room, the working stiffs didn't want her to relax and widen her gape for them. They wanted her to constrict her anal muscles instead. Vanessa reacted by spreading her ass cheeks and pushing as if she was about to take a dump. Her asshole was so overstretched and loose that her angry red ass walls closed and squeezed out. Her wrinkled, raw ass meat appeared and her pink rosebud filled out the hollow anal cavity. 

 "Yeah! Show us your inner values!" McKenzie commented the obscene sight with a sneer. 

 The disbelief was clearly displayed on the four guys' faces. They had never seen such an open, loose asshole. And they had never seen a slut able to present her pink rosebud. Involuntarily, a smile spread over Vanessa's face. Once again, she was able to prove what a special fuckslut she was. Even the degrading remark about her 'inner values' sounded like a compliment right now. 

 The four staff members picked up their chorus again. Only this time, they alternated it. 

 "Relax! Relax! Relax!" they shouted until the pink rosebud had disappeared and Vanessa's dark gaping ass pipe was beaming at them again. 

 "Push! Push! Push!" they chorused subsequently until the ginger slut's raw ass meat reappeared and filled out the ripped open anal ring. 

 The flame-haired knockout had to go back and forth between relaxing and constricting her ass muscles playing a vulgar game of peek-a-boo with her pink rosebud. Over and over again, the raw ass meat vanished and reappeared in her back window. Vanessa was simply proud that it cemented her status as superwhore. 

 McKenzie still had a few more ideas up his sleeve how to use the baton. While his three co-workers continued admiring Vanessa's wretched, blown-out anal ring, he plunged his big black cock into the redhead's pussy. Then he thrust the thick club into Megan's cunt. This way, he simultaneously stuffed the two inner fuckholes of the piled up glamour bitches. 

 With his cock and the truncheon filling different holes, the black janitor was able to pick up a higher pace. So he ran berserk and savagely pounded Vanessa's cunt. He synchronized his cock thrusts with the strokes of the club so that he alternately stuffed the sluts' snatches. 

 "Ooohhh!" "Aaaahhh!" "Ooohhh!" "Aaahhh!" the two fuckpets once again groaned in turns. 

 The vigorous speed and forceful thrusts caused Miss Arrogance and Miss Gold Digger to get pushed around on the tiled floor again. With their bodies tightly pressed together, each jab up their cunts caused their luscious titflesh to grind against each other. Their stiff nipples began a merciless sword fight that drove them mad. 

 The sensations on her big fat fucktits, erect nipples and dripping cunt were so overwhelming that Vanessa even forgot about the throbbing pain in her overstretched asshole. But before the two hot sluts had a chance to embrace another orgasm, McKenzie pulled his cock and the baton from their fuckholes. It was time to continue the travel up the stacked sexholes. 

 Without further ado, he plunged his big black cock up Megan's butthole. Vanessa could see the fear growing in the raven minx's blue eyes. The double anal penetration was heavily looming over her head. The flame-haired knockout grabbed the raven stunner's face and forcefully locked lips with her. 

 She felt Megan's lips starting to vibrate when McKenzie began to stab her sphincter with the thick truncheon. Missy's tight ass cheeks looked like they had been split apart with the two thick sticks at her crack. The black janitor pushed and squeezed as hard as he could. But to no avail. The raven stunner's physique was too tight and slender. It simply didn't fit. With a disappointed grunt, McKenzie stopped his fruitless attempts. 

 "Well, at least one fuckpet got a slut-worthy shithole!" he remarked. 

 A surge of pride flushed Vanessa's body. She had reached her goal! She had upstaged her rival! She was the better fuckslut. 

 However, the pride displayed on Vanessa's face was soon exchanged with a pained expression. McKenzie squeezed the double-edged sword back up her ripped, battered asshole. But with the feeling of pride, the agony of the double anal penetration was a lot more tolerable. In a strange way, the ginger slut even embraced the surges of pain thundering up her spine as it reminded her of her victory. It turned into a sweet agony. 

 The black janitor didn't need a lot more time to bring his balls to the boiling point. When he felt his cock starting to strain, he hastily pulled out of Vanessa's wretched ass and stepped in front of the two fuckpets. With a loud groan his dick erupted and he emptied his balls all over the two slutty faces. In an attempt to make up for her failure, Megan obediently cleaned all ass juices off McKenzie's slackening dick. But he simply huffed at her desperate attempt. 

 Finally, all four staff members slumped down on the wooden bench. Now that all of them had shot two loads, they needed some rest. The sluts resting on the tiled floor looked even more exhausted. And they did deservedly so. They needed several minutes to catch their breaths. Then they slowly scrambled to their feet and headed to the adjacent bathroom. 

 When Vanessa and Megan stepped back into the locker room, they wore their white and scarlet gowns again. They had reapplied some make-up and looked quite refreshed. Only their hair was still wet. 

 The moment Vanessa looked at the guys, she froze. Another person had joined them. He was holding the video camera in his hand and triumphantly waved it at the flame-haired knockout. 

 It was Steve! 

 Vanessa's mouth gaped open in shock. What the hell was Steve doing in here? Why was he holding the video camera in his hand? 

 All these questions assailed Vanessa's mind. But it wasn't the only thing tumbling down on her. 

 *to be continued* 

 *Vanessa finds out about Steve's role in the plot and her journey finally comes to an end.* Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 21 ****** byCathartico© "It's done!" Steve exclaimed while pulling the memory card from the video camera. "At long last, I got what I've been waiting for all this time -- some cold, hard proof!" 

 Vanessa stood in the middle of the locker room and looked at her date for the 'Monte Carlo Ball'. She was confused and bewildered. Steve's sudden appearance had left her dumbfounded and thunderstruck. The flame-haired beauty was completely perplexed. Once and for all, she felt like her world was irrecoverable out of joint. 

 The 'Monte Carlo Ball' had turned out as Vanessa's personal Armageddon. Megan had discovered her secret slut identity. And Steve obviously knew about it as well. In front of her eyes, her whole plan of becoming Steve's trophy wife collapsed like a house of cards. She would never get away from Pavone and SEP! 

 The unexpected turn of events left Vanessa so dazed and overwhelmed that she didn't even question how Steve had gotten wind of the 'Gangbangers' Ball' in the first place. She didn't really have a chance to ask anyhow as the other guys didn't pay her any further attention. Griffin had grabbed Megan's arm and left the changing room with his skanky pony in tow. The other three staff members were about to leave as well. 

 "Time to get my payout!" Steve remarked. 

 In Vanessa's confused state of mind, she hadn't even noticed him stepping next to her. Now, he grabbed her arm and dragged her out of the locker room. The flame-haired knockout didn't offer any resistance. Her world had gotten off the rails. She felt like nothing really mattered anymore. 

 There was a backdoor that directly led from the basement to the outside. It was used by the staff only. Several cabs were waiting in front of the clubhouse. Steve shoved the numb redhead into one of those taxis and got in next to her. 

 "You look a bit surprised about my appearance." Steve addressed Vanessa when the cab took off. 

 "Guess I played my role to a T." he chuckled. "Sorry to disappoint you. But I'm no doctor. To be honest, I'm a reporter for a local newspaper." 

 The mention of Steve's real occupation tore Vanessa out of her haze. She remembered the headline about her hotel performance during the law convention that had brought so much trouble upon her. Ever since, she was no friend of newsmen. 

 "My dad owned a car dealership in the old industrial park." Steve started to explain his interest in Vanessa. "One day SEP approached him and made an offer to buy the property. My dad wanted to retire anyways. So it looked like a great pension. With the signing bonus, the offer appeared even more attractive." 

 "Only, there was a twist he didn't know a thing about." Steve carried on telling his family saga. "However, he found out soon enough when he received a DVD in his mail box. It showed him having sex with a certain flame-haired whore." 

 "I guess you know that whore." he hinted at Vanessa's involvement in SEP's scam. 

 "He didn't want my mother to find out he had been cheating on her." Steve continued. "And SEP knew how to use that leverage. In the end, my dad sold the property at a ridiculously low price. That wasn't the retirement he was looking for." 

 "I found the video by chance." Steve slowly came to the point. "Ever since, I set out to expose these scumbags and the scam they're running. The video and my dad's testimony is not enough to press charges though. I needed more proof!" 

 "It wasn't hard to find that flame-haired whore and discover her special function at SEP." Steve grinned while giving Vanessa a look-over. "Following you, I learned about Pavone's involvement in the scam. It was the final piece of the puzzle." 

 "SEP uses Pavone's dirty money to buy all the properties of the industrial park." he described the scam. "They wanna build a gated community there. With the sex videos, they push the prices down. And with the local demand for high- class living, they can sell the new houses at inflated prices. With Connor, they even got a local politician in their pocket, pushing the project through the council." 

 "It's a perfect plan!" Steve admitted. "And it wasn't easy to come up with a way to rain on their parade by any means." 

 "First, I got into contact with you." he explained his interest in Vanessa. "And that's how I found out about them setting up most of their meetings at the country club. It was the only place to get close to them. So I became friends with Tucker." 

 "I even send him to the 'Red Rose Club' to get a hold of you." he chuckled. Vanessa cringed when she realized that Tucker's debasing dogslut treatment had been set up by Steve. 

 "Tucker's a lecherous creep." Steve huffed. "But he was more than useful for my cause. He had already placed video cameras in several club rooms. He was secretly filming the female members." 

 "So we struck a deal. For the 'Monte Carlo Ball', he equipped all rooms with cameras and bugs. In return, he got the flame-haired whore for his 'Gangbangers' Ball'." Vanessa gasped when she realized his involvement in the gangbang she had just endured. 

 "Now, I got your confession on tape!" he happily declared. "I even got your little poker session on tape as well! It's the perfect proof that the signing bonus is no tale." 

 "You thought I didn't know what you were doing in the poker room?" he asked Vanessa. "I'm not that stupid! But now, I got all the proof I need. I'm gonna make it public! It's gonna be the top story in the news for weeks! All these scumbags will go down and my dad gets what he deserves!" 

 "Maybe," he addressed Vanessa again. "I'm gonna cash in on the scandal too and write a book about my time with the 'Red Rose Whore'." 

 Vanessa flinched when he mentioned her role again. She had enjoyed being the famous superwhore. But she didn't want to become publicly known as a whore and crook. Her lady-self would be destroyed forever. She would be nothing more than a criminal hooker. 

 She couldn't let that happen! She couldn't let Steve publicize the scam! Right then and there in the cab, Vanessa decided that it was time for some radical measures. Change was overdue and it had to happen now. 

 But right at the moment, she was in Steve's clutches. She had to play along until she found a chance to get away and save her ass. 

 The cab driver took them straight to Steve's home. Vanessa was fully aware that her night was far from being over. But she was too tired and exhausted to argue. When they arrived at his condo, Steve dragged her inside and shoved her onto her hands and knees. 

 "All that time, I knew you're a cheap piece of trash whore!" he hissed. "And I had to hold my horses. Now, it's time to let off steam!" 

 His threat sounded kind of unpromising to Vanessa. Her fuckholes were sore. They throbbed from the cock beatings and overstretching. However, she had to lull Steve into a sense of security if she ever wanted to escape. 

 The reporter pulled Vanessa's zipper open and quickly got rid of her gown. Then he grabbed her ginger hair and walked the naked slut into the master bedroom. It had been a long night for him as well. So he settled for a simple blowjob before he called it a day. 

 He lay on his bed and let Vanessa show him her cocksucking skills. In her quest to lull the guy, she eagerly slurped on his shaft and bathed his balls in spit. It didn't take him long to empty his seed in her mouth. 

 He wasn't done with the ginger slut though. He got up and walked her into the bathroom. He made the flame-haired beauty squat down with her back against the towel radiator. The heater comprised several horizontal tubes that were arranged on top of each other. 

 Steve grabbed Vanessa's arms and lifted them above her head. Then she heard a clicking sound. He had used a pair of handcuffs to chain the redhead to the radiator. She was caught in this squatting position - an extremely uncomfortable position at that. 

 Before he left the bathroom, Steve produced a black scarf and put it over her eyes. Everything went dark for Vanessa. The black fabric blocked all light. She was totally at the reporter's mercy. She couldn't even see what was coming at her. The stunning redhead got slightly frightened by the outlook. The process of lulling the guy didn't seem to go as easy as she had thought. 

 Out of the blue, Vanessa felt something cold on her right nipple. 

 "I prefer the hooker-look on you." Steve explained. "Now that I finally get my hands on you, I want the proper 'Red Rose Whore' look!" 

 Following his words, Vanessa felt a sharp tug on her right nipple and the feeling became clear to her. Steve had rummaged through her purse and found her nipple rings. She hadn't dared to wear them at the 'Monte Carlo Ball' as they would have shown through the flimsy material of her gown. Still, she had taken them along -- just in case. Now, the reporter was pushing the tit rings back through her pierced nipple holes. 

 "Ouuuhhh!" the redhead suddenly winced. 

 Steve had grabbed both nipple rings and roughly pulled them together. He tugged so forcefully on the tit rings that he deformed Vanessa's luscious, round funbags. He didn't stop pulling until the rings were firmly pressed against each other. The flame-haired knockout wailed from the pressure on her ample, soft fleshcans. 

 "OuhOuhOuh!" Vanessa's whining increased another notch. 

 She heard another clicking sound and suddenly a heavy weight pulled on her tits. It felt like her nipples were about to get ripped off her tits. 

 "Hehehe!" Steve commented his handiwork. "That padlock looks good on your tits, fuckwhore! Keeps your fleshorbs fuckable!" 

 Vanessa's mouth gaped open. Steve had locked her nipples together! The reporter mustered the squatting slut a final time before he went to bed. He had created an extremely raunchy, vulgar scene. The naked, red-haired beauty squatted on the tiled floor with her hands chained to the towel radiator above her head. Her tits were adorned with silver nipple rings that were tied together by a padlock. This way, her big, fat fucktits were firmly squeezed against each other and formed a tight, deep canyon. 

 "Please, sir! Don't leave me like that. Pleassse, sirrrr!" 

 Vanessa started babbling and begging when she heard Steve walking out of the bath. She couldn't see anything, she was chained in an extremely uncomfortable posture, and the padlock painfully squeezed and dragged on her tits and nipples. The stunning redhead was barely able to move. She could only squat or get on her knees while stretching her chained arms. 

 However, Vanessa's begging was to no avail. Steve left her in the bath for the night unable to sit or lay down. She was tired as hell but there was no way for her to get some sleep. 

 For several hours, Vanessa kept transitioning between squatting and kneeling. But both positions were uncomfortable. Finally, she faded into some sort of doze. However, she was startled out of her half-sleep shortly after. She heard the bathroom door opening. Steve had woken up and strolled into the bath. 

 "Open!" he simply barked. 

 Vanessa couldn't see him but she was too tired to resist. So she obediently opened her lips. A second later, her head shook and she whimpered in disgust. Steve had been woken up by his full bladder. And now, he was pissing right into Vanessa's mouth. 

 With the scarf covering her eyes, the flame-haired knockout didn't have a chance to anticipate the piss blast. It hit her totally unprepared and made her choke on the golden, salty spurt. She pitifully retched and spluttered while the rancid, vile piss gushed out of her mouth. 

 SLAP 

 Steve harshly slapped her face when she didn't act like a proper urinal. He wanted the whore to swallow his piss. But most of the foul liquid had splashed over her cheeks and dripped down onto her big, round funbags so far. So he stopped pissing and waited until the ginger slut had calmed down. 

 Once again, Vanessa had to open her mouth without a chance to see the oncoming blast. Once again, the rancid stream fiercely hit the back of her oral cavity and made her choke. She was struggling vigorously but she tried to keep her lips open with all her might. She didn't want to earn another slap to the face. 

 Under huge strain, she managed to hold still. Soon, her mouth was overflowing with the vile, yellow brew. It looked like a perverted water feature. In response, Steve grabbed Vanessa's chin and pushed her mouth shut. The redhead didn't have a chance to control the pungent liquid. With Steve's forceful motion, the foul salty piss load rushed down her throat. One more time, the flame-haired beauty choked and trembled. But the piss was gone and caused her stomach to churn. 

 With his bladder empty, Steve left Vanessa in the bathroom again. He had marked her with his piss scent and was eager to get back to sleep. The flame-haired knockout was left with her stomach rumbling from the rancid drink. She barely managed to slip back into another doze. 

 "Argh!" 

 Vanessa was rudely awakened by a painful tug on her locked funbags. Steve was back in the bath. This time, she hadn't even heard him stepping inside. He had positioned himself in front of the redhead and pushed his hard cock through the tight, deep canyon between her voluptuous, deformed fleshcans. Obviously, he had woken up with a raging hard-on and was intent to get some relief. 

 In Vanessa's chained posture, she was completely under Steve's control. She was rendered to an immobile, helpless fuck device. He could use her body any way he liked. And that was exactly what he did. 

 With the small padlock, her titflesh was squeezed so tightly together that there was no space for his hard cock in between. When he thrust his shaft through her glorious cleavage, her tit meat was forced apart and her nipples were roughly stretched by the lock. 

 "Ouh!... Aaahhh!... Ouh!... Aaahhh!" Vanessa whaled and whimpered along. 

 But Steve didn't bother with her lamenting at all. He was still kind of sleepy. So he leaned forward, resting against the towel radiator. This way, his body covered the squatting figure and his jabs through her locked cleavage became even more vigorous. 

 The more the reporter became awake, the naughtier he got. He straightened up and began playing with the ginger slut's obscene whore decorations. He flicked his finger against the padlock, making it wildly swing around. It bashed against Vanessa's soft, bulging titflesh and fiercely pulled on her strained nipples. Every impact made the flame-haired knockout's body jerk frantically. 

 Eventually, he pulled his cock from Vanessa's wobbling juggs and shoved it into her mouth. His shaft had barely touched her lips when it erupted with spurts of spunk. The stunning redhead was treated to a healthy wad of cum for breakfast. The flame-haired knockout had long lost count of the number of jizz doses she had gobbled in the course of the day. 

 With his arousal subsiding, Steve got ready to go back to bed. 

 "Please, sir!" Vanessa started begging again. "I need to pee. I can't hold it any longer." 

 "This little crook is making demands now!" he simply huffed in response. 

 Vanessa cringed from being called a crook. Nonetheless, she continued pleading. Her bladder was filled to the bursting point. Her situation was uncomfortable enough. The need to piss wouldn't give her any peace and quash any chance of getting some rest. 

 Steve eventually had an understanding and took the scarf off her head. He opened the handcuffs and pushed Vanessa on all fours. The stunning redhead was more than happy to get into a different position. Her legs were sore and cramped. 

 "Tucker told me you've become a well-trained dogslut." he addressed the ginger slut. "You'll take a piss like a proper dogbitch then!" 

 Vanessa couldn't imagine how that was supposed to work. But Steve didn't waste any time to show it to her. He dragged the flame-haired beauty over to the toilet bowl. 

 "Cock your leg like a good doggie!" he ordered. "And better don't spill anything!" 

 Vanessa's head flushed in shame. This was a new depth in her devaluation to a low fuckpet. It felt worse than carrying the fly flap as a tail. But her bladder was killing her. She had to relief herself. 

 Shaky from embarrassment, she kneeled on all fours perpendicular to the toilet bowl. Then she lifted her leg just in time before her bladder exploded and a hot piss stream burst from her cunt. 

 Of course, Vanessa didn't find the right angle at the first try. So the burst of piss shot over the bowl and splashed onto the tiles on the other side. 

 "Uuuhhh!" the ginger slut winced when she received a kick to her locked, bulging fucktits and a scolding huff in response. 

 The flame-haired knockout quickly adjusted her pee stream. When she finally managed to hit the opposite rim of the toilet bowl, her yellow blast was so forceful that the piss splashed back against her body and into her face, making her tremble in disgust. 

 "Eeegh! Uuugh!" 

 Steve laughed his ass off from the depraved sight in front of him. The 'Red Rose Whore' kneeled on all fours in front of the toilet bowl with her right leg lifted and her big, juicy juggs tied together with a padlock while pissing into the toilet and getting splashed by the recoiling dashes. The reporter was wide awake by now, and his cock was stirring from the debauched show. 

 With her bladder emptying, Vanessa's piss stream turned into a dribble. Before she could react, some rancid squirts didn't reach the toilet bowl and splashed on the tiles in front of it. For making such a mess, she received another kick to her locked, straining fleshcans and another scoffing huff from Steve. 

 With her juggs still wobbling from the kick, the redhead quickly scuttled closer to the toilet so that her crotch was hovering above the bowl. To Vanessa's relief, the last drips landed right inside. Nonetheless, she had made a disgusting mess around the bowl. 

 "Obviously, this dogslut needs some more training!" Steve ranted about her incompetence while he tore some tissues off the role of toilet paper. 

 He wiped up the piss spots in front of the toilet bowl. Vanessa sighed with relief. She had feared worse. Her mood drastically changed though when Steve scrunched the piss-drenched tissues up and stuffed the icky toilet paper into her mouth. 

 "Eeegh! Umph! Mphhhh!" 

 Once again, the flame-haired knockout was rendered to a whimpering heap of human waste. Her tits were locked, her face and busty rack drenched in dried piss, and pee-drenched toilet papers got stuffed up her kisser. 

 The disgusting mistreatment as a waste basket made Vanessa wince pitifully. Meanwhile, Steve grabbed her neck and pushed her face into the puddle of piss behind the toilet bowl. He treated the ginger slut like a puppy that had peed onto the carpet. He used the tissues that were sticking out of her mouth as a rag to clean up the vile mess. 

 Vanessa whaled and struggled as much from revolt as from shame of getting turned into a pissmop. The toilet paper got so drenched with piss that the pungent liquid seeped through the tissues, and the nasty brew ran down her throat. With the toilet paper completely soaked, Steve began to wipe Vanessa's cheeks in the foul pool until her skin had soaked up the whole icky broth. 

 Apparently, Steve liked the deranged, obscene make-over of the 'Red Rose Whore' as he went the extra mile. He positioned Vanessa on her ass with her back against the toilet bowl. Then he used the handcuffs to chain her arms behind the bowl. Finally, he took a marker and wrote something onto her forehead. 

 Once again, Vanessa found herself in an extremely uncomfortable position with her body chained to the toilet, her ass on the cold tiles, and her back against the hard bowl. In the mirror, she could see her vulgar appearance with her voluptuous funbags locked together, her cheeks and busty rack shimmering in a coating of piss, and the piss-soaked toilet paper stuffed up her mouth. However, the worst thing she saw was the writing on her forehead. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 21 ****** byCathartico© 'FLUSH' 

 With this instruction on her face, Vanessa felt like a common piece of bathroom equipment. She felt like a cheap shithouse device. Ultimately, Steve had turned her into nothing more than a human pissmop. 

 After admiring his makeover for a while, Steve left his pissmop in her uncomfortable position for the rest of the night. 

 The sun was already shining brightly outside when Steve bounced out of bed again. Vanessa hadn't gotten much sleep. The throbbing of her sore fuckholes was a constant reminder of the past night, the heavy weight on her tied, deformed funbags was a permanent strain, and Steve's piss scent still hovered around her nose. In combination with her uncomfortable posture, it was basically impossible to get some rest. Tired but awake, she had waited several, endless hours to get released. 

 At least, she had gotten a lot of time to contemplate her situation and the next steps she had to take. By now, a clear plan had formed in her mind. 

 Cheerfully, Steve walked into his bathroom. His smile broadened when he saw the human pissmop in the place he had left it. Approvingly, he petted Vanessa's head. 

 "Apparently, this dogbitch is better trained than expected!" he commented when he saw that the piss-drenched toilet paper still stuck in her mouth. 

 With a shudder, Vanessa realized that she hadn't even thought about spitting out the yucky tissues. She was too far gone in her submissive state to disobey any guy dominating her like that. 

 As Steve had just woken up, his cock was rock hard and his bladder was filled to the brim. He simply positioned himself in front of Vanessa. With eyes wide open, the flame-haired knockout watched him aiming at her face. The anticipation of the oncoming piss blast alone made her shudder. The moment his cockhead erupted and the first spurt of the pungent liquid hit her, the shudder turned into violent shaking. However, her screams of disgust were muffled by the toilet paper. 

 The first piss spurt hit Vanessa right in her left eye. It splashed onto her sparkling green iris and made her wince in pain. Steve simply chuckled when he saw his pissmop quaking and her legs helplessly kicking around from the stinging impact. The redhead quickly closed her eyes. 

 "Keep your damn eyes open, pissmop!" she got a harsh rebuke from Steve. 

 So the stunning redhead forced her green eyes open again and watched Steve giving her a golden shower. He wavered his cock around and gushed his urine evenly over her features, saturating her complete face with piss. He even drenched her ginger hair with the nasty liquid. 

 When his piss stream slowed up, Steve tore off a few tissues of toilet paper and wiped his dick clean. He added the soaked tissues to Vanessa's mouth. This way, the old toilet paper got fully pushed into her oral cavity and the final remnants of piss got squeezed down her throat. 

 Then Steve took the hint he had written all over the ginger slut's forehead and flushed the pan. Vanessa howled when she felt her beautiful ginger hair getting drenched in the effluent. The water filled the toilet bowl and swirled around. The flame-haired beauty couldn't believe that her precious hair was getting washed in a dirty toilet bowl! 

 The flushing only had the effect of further messing up the redhead. Her face and fucktits had gotten a new golden shower, her mouth was still getting used as a waste bin, her tits were tied together with a padlock, and now her gorgeous hair was soggy and tangled. She definitely looked the part of a defiled beauty. 

 Out of nowhere, Steve produced a dog collar with a leash and put it around Vanessa's neck. It was old and used. It stank something rotten and was greasy as hell. At least, it masked the repugnant piss scent. Steve opened the handcuffs and released Vanessa from her uncomfortable position. 

 "Time to go for your morning walk, dogslut!" the reporter commented his actions. "But first we need to clean up this dirty dogbitch!" 

 With a tug on the leash, he forced Vanessa onto her hands and knees and dragged her over to a real waste bin. He grabbed her ginger hair and pushed her face over a small, plastic bathroom bin. Dutifully, Vanessa spit the soaked toilet tissues into the waste basket. She was glad to finally get rid of them. As soon as the piss-drenched tissues were gone, Steve dragged the redhead back over to the toilet bowl. 

 "Time to make the whore look fuckable again!" he hissed. 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to react, he dunked her head into the toilet bowl. He held her face just inches above the effluent. Thankfully, the water was clear after Steve had flushed the ginger slut's hair in the pan. Nonetheless, Vanessa whaled and kicked and hit out. She fought tooth and nail. But thereby, she treated Steve to a ridiculous sight of her headless body struggling around on the bathroom floor. A sight that amused him to no end. 

 "You look like a cheap, trashy gutter pissmop right now!" Steve lectured the flame-haired knockout while keeping her head in the pan. "Don't you wanna look like a hot, sexy slut again? You want me to send you to the 'Red Rose Club' looking like that?" 

 Steve's words somehow stroke a chord in Vanessa. She desperately wanted to feel like the glammed-up diva that had turned heads at the 'Monte Carlo Ball' again. She yearned to get the piss scent off of her. She wanted to get out of this bathroom. And right now, any way to achieve this was fine with her. 

 "Then clean yourself the proper way for a stupid fuckwhore." Steve ordered. 

 Finally, Vanessa stopped her struggles. It seemed like this was the only way for her to get cleaned up. It was incredibly demeaning and even more disgusting. She felt like stooping to a new depth of depravity. But she also felt the overwhelming urge to rub all reminders of her use as a cheap shithouse device off her face. It didn't really matter how she got it off. All that matter was to get rid of it. 

 The degrading task was more than daunting. It made her skin crawl and her hair stand on end at the same time. She had to pluck up all her courage and brace herself to survive this ultimate debasement. 

 Eventually, she held her breath and lowered her face. She felt the cold water against her cheeks. It burnt like flames of shame on her skin. Her mind was still trying to comprehend the fact that she was willingly plunging her head into a dirty toilet bowl. The sheer thought made her nauseous. Finally, her whole face was submerged. 

 Out of the blue, a loud noise startled her. Steve had flushed the cistern with Vanessa's head in the bowl. He was giving her a swirlie! The water poured down the walls and swirled around in the bowl. Vanessa got engulfed in a deluge of toilet water! Once again, it soaked and ruffled her once lovely ginger mane. The redhead sobbed and whaled with her mouth tightly clenched while she endured the swirlie. 

 Finally, the rush of water relented and Vanessa breathed a sigh of relief through her tightly clenched lips. A moment later, Steve pulled Vanessa's head up with the hair-handle and inspected her face. She looked like a dog that had just emerged from a river. 

 He weighed his head. Apparently, he wasn't fully satisfied yet. Suddenly, he pursed his lips and spat a big, white glob of spit onto the redhead's upturned face. Immediately, Vanessa clenched her eyes shut and shivered in response. 

 "Hmmm!" Steve stated. "I still see some dirt on your whoremug!" 

 Following his comment, he dunked the ginger slut's face back into the bowl. This time, he shoved her face fully into the water. He pushed her head in and out of the effluent several times until his pissmop gasped for air. She emerged like a drowning rat. 

 Then he thrust her head into the water and held her head in the pan while he flushed again. Another swirlie swashed over Vanessa's head. And once again, Vanessa's whimpering competed with the sound of the flushing. When Steve inspected her face again, he was finally satisfied with her appearance. 

 "Time for your morning walk, dogslut!" he remarked. 

 Then he took the leash, pushed Vanessa onto hands and knees, and walked her out of the bathroom. 

 Steve's condo was on the first floor so he led his dogslut through his living room and out into the adjacent backyard. He walked Vanessa around the garden in a wide lap. The reporter set a brisk pace and the flame-haired knockout had difficulties to keep up on her hands and knees. Meanwhile, the smoking hot redhead fearfully glanced around. The garden was bordered by a hedge so they were protected from looks from the other houses. But there were several windows and a balcony on the second floor above Steve's condo. 

 "Hehehe!" Steve laughed when he saw Vanessa's nervous looks. "The neighbours are out for a jog right now. But they might come back any minute. You better behave like a well-trained dog so you get back into the house before they're home." 

 Vanessa squirmed when she heard about Steve's neighbours. She didn't want to get seen by them in her humiliating dogslut posture. That was the last thing she needed. Steve took Vanessa for another round of walkies though the backyard. Obviously, he tremendously enjoyed mistreating the stunning redhead as a low fuckpet as he made her piss against a tree trunk like a common dog. Once again, the flame-haired beauty had to cock her leg and awkwardly urinate against the trunk. The splashing sound was an embarrassingly loud noise in the silence of the garden. And this time, it was happening in the bright light of day! 

 In a corner of the backyard, a wooden doghouse was placed. It was only big enough for a dog to lie down inside. Nevertheless, this was exactly the place to which Steve dragged his dogslut. Indecisively, Vanessa remained on all fours facing the doghouse. 

 THWOK 

 Angered by her lack of enthusiasm, the flame-haired beauty received a kick to the ass from the reporter that made her ass cheeks jiggle mightily. 

 "C'mon dogbitch!" he barked. "Crawl into your new home!" 

 The smoking hot redhead didn't need another request. She simply wanted to get over with it. So she crawled forward and stuck her head through the opening. Her head was the only part of her body that fit into the kennel. Her shoulders were too wide. Vanessa's head turned beet red when she realized that her face was stuck in a doghouse with her ass sticking out in the open. 

 "Look at that!" Steve exclaimed. "The dogslut's ass is on hand for everyone passing by! Maybe, I should install a stand in front of the house and charge admission for a tap at skank dogg's ass." 

 Vanessa squirmed from this degrading idea. That would be even worse than getting seen by Steve's neighbours. Nonetheless, Steve kept up his degrading mockery. 

 "C'mon skank dogg! Wag that ass!" he ordered his pissmop. 

 The flame-haired knockout didn't have another choice. He held the leash in his grip and didn't let her out of the kennel. So she started gyrating her hips and shaking her ass for his viewing pleasure. 

 Steve let her shake and jiggle her assmeat for several minutes. Then he was eager to get a piece of that ass. Without forewarning, he plunged his hard cock up Vanessa's swollen, battered asshole. Her sphincter still told the telltale signs of the previous night. It was more than sore and Vanessa howled when his cock ripped her bunghole open. But the kennel muffled her screams and Steve couldn't care less. 

 He was out to fully savour his shot at 'Miss Arrogance'. After spending so much time with her and never getting the chance to screw her, the reporter had a truckload of pent-up energy he needed to release. He fucked her asshole like his life depended on it. 

 Vanessa's sore, wretched butthole caused her body to respond with jerking, twisting motions. The more the redhead flexed her back and forced her body back onto Steve to match his thrusts, the more tolerable was the strain on her fuckhole. This way, the two rutted like animals on the grass and the ginger slut's muffled howls turned into feral grunts. They got totally caught up in the moment. Vanessa even forgot about the demeaning position with her head stuck in a doghouse. 

 Steve plowed away at her asshole for more than ten minutes until he got tired. Then he dragged his dogslut out of the kennel and led her over to a garden bench. 

 "Time to do the work, pisswhore!" he instructed Vanessa while he sat down on the bench. 

 The flame-haired knockout straddled his legs and positioned her gaping o-ring above his straining cock. Then she lowered her body and began riding Steve in reverse cowgirl. She had just started bobbing up and down his shaft when the reporter pulled her head up. 

 "Look over there!" he told the ginger slut while pointing at the balcony. "We attracted a crowd! 

 Following his lead, Vanessa looked up to the second floor. And her mouth gaped open. There were two young blokes standing on the balcony watching the raunchy scene in their backyard. The two guys were dressed in sportswear and sweating heavily. Apparently, they had returned from their jog. 

 Vanessa realized that they had seen her kneeling on the grass with her head stuck up a dog kennel! How embarrassing was that! She was so ashamed that she tried to keep her face down and avoid their gazes. But Steve didn't have any of that. 

 "Wave at your spectators, dogslut!" he barked his command. "Blow some kisses at them!" 

 In contrast to Vanessa, Steve didn't feel disturbed at all. As much as the bystanders startled the redhead, they spurred the reporter on. The flame-haired knockout had stopped riding his cock but Steve grabbed her hips and continued pushing her up and down his shaft. 

 Vanessa had to spend all her will-power to look up to the balcony. She forced a smile upon her face while waving at the two young blokes. She shivered when she blew a kiss at each one as she saw them high-fiving in response. 

 "Give them a proper show, fuckslut!" Steve came up with a new order. "Show them your funbags!" 

 Steve was eager to present his pissmop in all her glory - probably to be able to brag about his conquest in front of his neighbours for all times. Vanessa cupped her big fat fucktits that were still tied together with the padlock and pushed them up. With her riding motions, the lock whipped back and forth. Each time Steve pulled the ginger slut back on his rod, the padlock clashed against her soft fleshcans and made her titmeat wobble. 

 Steve was so spurred, he didn't hold out much longer. After a few more thrusts, he shoved Vanessa onto the grass and spun her around. Just in time before his balls boiled over. He grabbed his cock and aimed at the redhead's open mouth. The ginger slut got her second meal of the day. And once again, it was a load of cum. 

 The neighbours had a perfect view from the balcony onto Steve shooting the first bursts of gooey jizz into the dogslut's mouth and coating her cheeks with the remaining spurts. When Steve's balls were empty, he pulled Vanessa's head around and made her face the guys. He held her head tight until she had scraped all the gooey cum off her face and fed the sticky spunk to her mouth. 

 When he led his dogslut back into his condo, the blokes on the balcony gave her a warm round of applause. It felt more humiliating than warm to Vanessa though. The reporter led her straight to his bathroom. The moment they arrived there, they heard a knock on the door. 

 A few moments later, Steve came back into the bathroom with his two neighbours in tow. Steve introduced them as Ryan and Ben. They had just gotten out of college and shared the flat. They looked like typical college blokes that had keggers each weekend. While Vanessa mustered Steve's neighbours, the reporter introduced his fuckslut. 

 "This little slut is a great piece of fuckmeat! You wanna use her holes as a urinal? You wanna plug her holes with your cocks? You wanna fill her up with your spunk? Be my guest! This pisswhore will be eager to comply with your every wish!" 

 Of course, his little speech got the two blokes all hot and bothered. They were still drenched in sweat from their jog but they didn't mind at all. Instead, they simply stripped off their soaked sports clothes and threw them in a corner of the bathroom. 

 The two young blokes were kind of attractive. The harsh stench of sweat instantly turned Vanessa off though. She definitely wasn't looking forward to servicing them. But she knew that she wasn't in a position to ask them for a shower first. 

 The blokes didn't waste any time. At least, they opened the padlock that still tied her luscious, soft juggs together. Immediately, her fleshcans whipped back into their natural shape. Vanessa squirmed when blood rushed back into her funbags. Meanwhile, Ryan began to knead and maul her prickling tits. 

 After a while, he grabbed her nipple rings and pulled the redhead forward. Vanessa got positioned between the two blokes and bent over. Alternating between them, she had to lick the sweat off their ripped chests and stomachs. During this task, Vanessa's expression was anything but pleased which only amused the men. She even had to push her tongue into the depth of their bellybuttons and scrape all the dried sweat out. By then, the stench and vile taste of sweat was getting to her. Her face turned into a grimace of disgust. Her head shook and convulsed. 

 Pleased with the dogsluts dutiful work, Ben forced the ginger slut into a squatting position. She had to alternately gobble down their balls and bath them in her spit until she had sucked any remaining sweat off. 

 "The slut's usable as a washcloth." Ryan evaluated the smoking hot redhead. 

 Following his assessment, he positioned Vanessa on her back and pushed her legs up until they touched the tiles next to her head. This way, he placed her in the awkward piledriver position with her ass stuck high up in the air. 

 Then Ryan thrust his cock up her outworn, stretched out asshole. But he didn't start reaming her ass chute. Instead, he simply kept his dick up her ass pipe. When Vanessa began to wonder what he was up to. She suddenly felt a warm sensation on her ass walls. He was pissing up her ass! 

 Vanessa's eyes and mouth gaped wide in shock. She had expected anything but that! After getting her mouth used as a urinal, she was finally reduced to having her asshole used as a toilet bowl! What a disgrace of the proud superwhore! She was now a toilet from top to bottom! Vanessa wondered how much lower she could sink. 

 Ryan simply continued to fill her bowels with warm piss. His bladder was full and he was giving the ginger slut a proper piss enema. To her dismay, Vanessa started moaning when the warm, golden liquid stretched her belly and bowels. It caused her ass walls to bulge and pressed on the nerves of her vagina's front wall. 

 Finally, he finished his piss and pulled his cock out of Vanessa's ass. Immediately, the flame-haired knockout squeezed her sphincter and her anal ring snapped shut. Vanessa was scared of making a mess if she relaxed her asshole. But with her ass chute bulged and her rectum stretched by the piss enema, her anal ring was spasming and contracting on its own. 

 The three men loved the sight of Vanessa's struggling, convulsing bunghole. Each one gave a swat to her bottom, making her ass shake and the piss slosh around her insides. They went for another round, and with each slap, the ginger slut struggled harder to keep her sphincter shut. 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" 

 Vanessa whaled when the sixth swat finally did the trick. She involuntarily relaxed her ass muscles. Some piss bubbled up and splashed all over her ass cheeks. The men loved the sight of the stunning redhead soiling her ass with piss by herself. 

 "C'mon pissmop!" Steve ordered. "Piss from your ass! Show us what a great piss sprinkler you are!" 

 While the guys laughed, Vanessa didn't react. This was too demeaning! She wouldn't do it! When the guys noticed her disobedience, they went for another round of swats. By now, her bottom was turning into raw crimson meat. The pressure on her buttocks only added to the pressure on her bowels. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 21 ****** byCathartico© "Uuuhhh!" 

 The flame-haired knockout squirmed when she finally couldn't hold the piss up her ass any longer. The moment she relaxed her ass muscles, the pressure of her bulged ass chute caused the piss enema to burst from her ass. It spurted high up in the air like a golden fountain. Then it broke and rained down. 

 "Eeeuuuggghhh!" 

 Vanessa's scream turned into a cry of disgust. In her awkward piledriver position, she lay in an unfavourable angle. Most of the piss fountain splashed right down onto her face and busty rack. She was showering herself with a piss enema. It was so revolting! 

 The guys couldn't stop laughing their asses off though. They didn't know what they enjoyed more, the perverted display or her grossed-out reaction. 

 "Oh!" Steve mocked his dogslut. "The clumsy pissmop made an upsy!" 

 Still, there was half the piss enema left up Vanessa's bowels. And the guys had just grown to like this depraved act. 

 "C'mon pisswhore! Show us your new trick!" Ryan hollered. 

 "Fart the piss out of your ass and catch the golden shower!" Ben added. "Fetch yourself a drink!" 

 The look on Vanessa's face in response to their instruction clearly showed off how unappealing the act was for her and how much she despised it. Still, she relaxed her ass muscles anew. Another golden fountain shot up into the air and rained down onto her face and chest. But this time, the stunning redhead obediently opened her mouth. The pungent spurt was too short though. It didn't reach her mouth. 

 Once more, she had to blow the piss enema into the air. This time, it even got accompanied by a long, disgraceful farting sound. In chorus with Vanessa's whimper it added up to a symphony of humiliation. One more time, the ass- passed, murky coloured fountain showered the flame-haired beauty. And some of the piss landed on her outstretched tongue. 

 "Eeeggghhh!... Yuck!... Uuuggghh!... Yuck!" Vanessa whimpered along not able to hide her disgust. 

 Her reaction stood in stark contrast to the guys' response. They had a ball watching her struggles. The perverted action had aroused Ryan so much that he wanted to plug Vanessa's pussy as soon as the piss fountain faded. Ben held him back though. 

 Instead, he produced a clear plastic speculum and pushed it up the redhead's butt. At first, the ginger slut didn't know what was inserted up her asshole. But then she felt it getting opened. It stretched her anal ring wide and revealed the dark tunnel behind. 

 Ben opened the speculum to the highest position. It left Vanessa's asshole widely dilated. She even felt some cold air rushing up her unprotected ass chute. The blokes ordered the flame-haired knockout to grab her cunt rings with her fine, French-manicured fingers and spread her pussy open as well. This way, they got a full view of the redhead's hollow ass pipe and soft, pink inner pussy flesh. For a few moments, the three guys admired the sight of her dilated asshole which looked like an empty, deep well. 

 Ben was the first to break away from the mesmerizing sight. He grabbed his cock and aimed it at the dilated hole. A second later, a sloshing sound filled the air. He was pissing from high up into the deep cavity of Vanessa's dilated asshole. He refilled the empty well. And all the while, Vanessa had to keep her pussy stretched open by her cunt rings. 

 The guys' eyes glazed over at the perverted spectacle. Ben's piss spurt streamed down in a wide arch, dabbled into Vanessa's anal cavity like pouring rain and dashed against her ass walls with a loud, sloshing sound. They could even see the pool of piss rising in her deep anal well. 

 When the last dribbles of piss had found their way up Vanessa's ass, Ryan stepped over the ginger slut. He positioned himself right above her head and drilled his cock straight up the redhead's invitingly spread pussy. In the piledriver position with her French-nailed fingers holding her cunt rings, Vanessa was rendered completely immobile to his onslaught. 

 Ryan was so aroused that he lay into her fuckhole with all his power. He humped her cunt hard and fast. Through the speculum, the guys could see every thrust down her snatch as it dented and stretched her cunt walls. The thin, tender membrane separating her pussy and ass was pressed into the deep anal well with each stroke. Thereby, it swirled the piss in her bowels and caused sloshing sounds to erupt from her anal orifice. 

 Vanessa simply let the young bloke plow her sexhole. She only babbled incoherent, animalistic sounds. The volume rose and fell in time with Ryan's banging. Steve and Ben started clapping in rhythm with his thrusts up her cunt. This only spurred Ryan on to increase his speed of humping. 

 With the obscene look up Vanessa's dilated asshole and his rapid pace, he got off quickly. With a groan, he pulled his cock from her pussy and held it over her open bunghole. He added a frosty coating to the puddle of piss in her open bowels. 

 The men loved the sight of the redhead's speculum-spread ass so much that Steve had to add another bladder to the piss pool. By now, Vanessa's bowels were massively filling up, and the pressure began stretching her ass walls. Her ass muscles started squeezing the speculum, spasming and contracting around the plastic. 

 With a second piss load up her rectum, her bowels were stretched so wide that her belly started to swell. Vanessa was moaning and groaning pitifully from the pressure. Finally, Ben pulled the clear speculum from her ass. Before the ginger slut's sphincter had a chance to tighten back up though, he shoved a black butt plug up her ass. 

 Vanessa's anal ring immediately squeezed the big plug tightly. It was supposed to keep the piss enema up her ass. But there was so much of the golden liquid in her rectum that her bowels were churning mercilessly. Her body desperately tried to expel the foul fluid. 

 Ben grabbed the leash and pulled the flame-haired beauty onto her feet. He sat down on the toilet seat and waited for Vanessa to straddle him. She walked over to the young bloke with wobbly legs. Her bowels were churning so heavily that she was barely able to walk. Nonetheless, she straddled his legs and impaled her pussy on his hard shaft. 

 Vanessa began to ride Ben in cowgirl. With the big plug up her butt and his thick rod up her cunt, her fuckholes were stuffed for good. The blokes cock only increased the pressure on her bowels. Her ass muscles grabbed the butt plug ever more tightly. She didn't know how much longer she would be able to take this torment. She needed relief from the piss enema. 

 "Please! Let me release the piss!" she started begging. 

 "Pleassse! Oh!... Gosh!... Please!" she was getting frantic. 

 "I'll be a good pissmop!" she tried to entice the guys. "I fetch my piss drink like a good pisswhore! I drink the whole enema. Please!" 

 The final plead seemed to do the trick as as Steve left the bathroom. When he came back, he placed something on the ground while Ben shoved the ginger slut off his lap. 

 A second later, she was ordered to squat over the thing. Looking down, she saw that Steve had placed two plastic dog bowls on the tiled floor. It was a red and a green bowl -- one for food and one for water. 

 A soon as the ginger slut was in position she had to spread her ass cheeks apart with her French-manicured fingers. Then Ben roughly pulled the butt plug out of her ass. Her swollen, battered anal ring howled but Vanessa didn't pay attention. The pressure in her bowels was occupying her mind. Her entire body screamed for release from the vile piss enema. 

 The moment the plug was gone, the piss burst from its confines. A torrent of yellow, mucky liquid spurted out and forcefully splashed into the red bowl. In seconds, it was overflowing and the flame-haired knockout had to awkwardly step over to the second dog bowl. She had to remain in her squatting posture while the piss continued to stream from her ass. She didn't have any strength left in her ass muscles to clench her sphincter shut one more time. That's why some of the pungent liquid sprayed onto the tiles between the two bowls. 

 Vanessa breathed a huge sigh of relief when her bowels were finally empty and the two dog bowls full. She didn't get much time to recover though. Instead, Ben roughly grabbed her ginger hair and pushed her onto hands and knees. Then he dragged her face over to the plastic dog bowls. It was an extremely disgusting sight that immediately turned Vanessa's stomach. The two bowls were filled with a murky coloured fluid and spilled piss slopped around the tiles. 

 "You begged to drink your pissfart cocktail, you dirty piece of trash!" Ben hissed while shoving Vanessa's face into the vile brew. "Better get going, pissmop! If you don't finish your meal before I cum, that piss enema will feel like a walk in the park!" 

 His stern voice emphasised how serious he was about this thread. Vanessa better not wanted to find out what he had in mind to make the piss enema appear as a bed of roses. She didn't have much time to mull over it anyway. 

 Ben quickly got back behind the kneeling dogslut and plunged his cock up her cunt. The force of his thrust pushed her face first into the red plastic dog bowl. The thought of eating from a dog bowl alone was humiliating enough. But the fact that she was lapping ass-passed piss out of it was so much worse. 

 However, Vanessa dutifully took a mouthful of the pungent, salty brew. Simply holding it in her mouth was enough to make her gag. The moment she had forced herself to swallow the nasty, foul broth turned the gags into forceful retches. She pitifully choked and retched. Instantly, she heaved the anal-flavoured piss back up into her mouth and almost puked it back into the dog bowl. She forced it back down her throat at the last second. 

 Meanwhile, Ben was plowing away at her cunt. With this pace, he wouldn't last that much longer. The ginger slut had to get going. With a grossed-out grimace on her face, she went back to work and gobbled up the next mouthful of piss. The gagging and retching didn't get any better in the process. But at least, she only puked the nasty, pungent mass back up into her mouth three more times. 

 Her head was spinning and she was nauseous when the first dog bowl was empty. She hurried over to the second bowl dragging Ben along with his cock up her cunt. She could feel his dick pulsating and straining against her pussy walls. She only got a few more moments before he was about to shoot his cumload. 

 She grabbed the green plastic dog bowl and slightly tilted it. The stunning redhead opened her lips as wide as possible and poured the yucky, vile brew into her mouth. She couldn't tilt it too far as her mouth quickly overflowed. She didn't dare to spill any of the piss, fearing the guys' wrath. 

 Trying hard to suppress the accompanying gags and retches, she gulped the whole pissload in record time. The moment she let the dog bowl slide back to the floor, Ben pulled his cock from her cunt. Without his hold on her body, Vanessa simply slid to the floor. There was no strength left in her. Ben turned her onto her back and showered her big, round funbags with his spunk. 

 For a few moments, the two young blokes watched the stunning redhead massaging the sticky goo into her titflesh. Then they were gone. 

 At the time the guys were done with their pisswhore, it was late in the afternoon. Steve didn't want any of Vanessa's 'scam partners' to get suspicious. So he sent her home. The flame-haired knockout didn't have much time left. She had to refresh and soothe her body before getting dressed and heading to the 'Red Rose Club'. 

 As it was Saturday, a new slut-battle was awaiting her. This day, Vanessa couldn't muster the right enthusiasm though. Hence, she got totally outperformed by the pornstar guest and lost big time. It didn't really faze her though. There were more important things on her mind. 

 When the night shift came to an end, she arranged a meeting with Pavone and Stanton at the SEP office for the next day. 

 Early Sunday morning, Vanessa left home and drove straight to the country club. She had some unattained business there. When she was done with it, she headed to the SEP office. Stanton and Pavone were already waiting for her when she arrived. Vanessa told them all about Steve and Tucker. She reported everything she knew about their plan to sabotage the 'Garden Heights Project' and publicize the SEP scam. 

 Stanton and Pavone were furious. Their precious plan was about to go awry. They couldn't let that happen. Pavone immediately called some of his henchmen. He directly sent them to Steve's and Tucker's homes to solve the problem and retrieve any evidence. 

 Telling the story, Vanessa was visibly upset and distraught. Several times, she appeared close to throwing a temper tantrum. The fact that she could be identified on the tapes made her go into hysterics. She wanted anything connecting her with the scam to be destroyed. So she explicitly asked Pavone to get rid of all the tapes. She even told them that she wanted to know as little as possible about their illegal wheelings and dealings. 

 "You're just a tool in our scheming." Stanton told her in an attempt to calm her. "No one's gonna believe that a common hooker is on the inside of such an elaborate scam." 

 "Besides, we don't need your involvement any longer." Pavone added. "We got the business owners in our pocket. From now on, you're just the 'Red Rose Whore'. That's all you're good for anyways! Earning me money with your fuckholes!" 

 Pavone and Stanton questioned the distraught Vanessa extensively before they sent her home. But when the redhead walked out of the office building, her expression and posture changed rapidly. The dismay basically fell from her shoulders, and a wicked smile appeared on her face. 

 Vanessa didn't comply with their order. Instead, she headed to the station. There, she went straight to the lockers. She opened one of them and pulled a large sports bag out. The flame-haired beauty quickly looked inside. The bag was filled with wads of cash. It was a sizable fortune. 

 Several weeks ago, Vanessa had started to make plans about her escape from Pavone and SEP. At that time, she had begun to take a closer look at Mark's doings. He had become Pavone's right-hand man and most important henchman. As Pavone was busy scheming with SEP, Mark even ran the 'Red Rose Club' on the weekends. 

 Pavone stored the earnings from the 'Red Rose Club' in his office. He had a hidden safe there. Sundays, it was Mark's duty to take the earnings from the entire week out of the safe and store it in the station locker. Every Monday morning, Stanton drove by the station on his way to work and collected the money from the locker. He then laundered the cash through different SEP projects. Only Stanton and Pavone had a key to the locker. Pavone's key was stored in the safe. Mark had to put it back in there when he returned from the station. 

 But Mark was a lazy fuck. The club closed late in the night and he felt too tired to make the detour. So he took the money from the safe on Saturdays before he closed the club and brought the earnings to the station over the course of Sunday. He kept the key all Sunday long before he got back to the club in the evening. 

 Vanessa had found out about this when she had seen him storing the money bag in the trunk of their car before they drove home after a Saturday's night shift. During one of his Sunday afternoon naps, Vanessa had snatched the key from his pocket and had it reproduced. 

 Now, she held the club earnings from the entire week in her hands. Carrying the sports bag, Vanessa walked to her car and drove out of town... 

 Meanwhile, three SWAT teams left the police headquarter. One drove to Pavone's house while the other two headed to Stanton and Connor. They simultaneously breached their doors and stormed their houses, taking the three men into custody for fraud. A tape had been sent to the police by an unidentified person that showed them in the library of the country club, discussing their 'Garden Heights Project'. 

 Vanessa had retrieved the tape from Tucker's locker in the country club changing room before she had met Stanton and Pavone at the SEP office. As she was a regular in the club, no one had paid any closer attention to her. So nobody had noticed the redhead sneaking into the basement. 

 Tucker had opened the combination lock so many times during the 'Gangbangers' Ball' that Vanessa had memorised the numbers. As the security guard was obsessed with his secret club videos, he had already stashed all tapes from the 'Monte Carlo Ball' in his locker. 

 The flame-haired knockout had been careful to leave no fingerprints on the tape before sending it to the police. So Tucker and Steve would be seen as the main targets. Pavone would think that they had sent the tape before his henchmen had arrived at their homes. 

 Vanessa had covered all her tracks. After all, she didn't have any conspicuous reason to rat Stanton and Pavone out. And most of all, she had been present at the library during the conversation about the 'Garden Heights Project'. During the discussion, she had been humping the bookend in the background and hadn't been speaking at all. So neither her face nor her voice was identifiable on the video. She would be nothing more than an uninformed hooker hired to provide some entertainment for the men anyways -- just what Stanton had told her before. 

 SWAT teams stormed the 'Red Rose Club' and the SEP office on Sunday afternoon. The police seized all documents. So Pavone had to assume that the cops had also seized the money from his safe. After all, it was ought to be in the safe as Mark was supposed to bring the cash to the station locker after the strip club closed on Sunday. Mark would never admit that he had stashed the money in the locker the day before and thereby lost it all. 

 --- 

 It was a warm fall day at the end of September. Stiff breezes waved through the air from time to time. But it was still warm enough for guys to drive around town in their open-topped cars, and girls to dress in miniskirts and short tops. 

 It had been almost a year since Vanessa had walked away from the 'Red Rose Club' for good. The 'Garden Heights Scandal' had topped the headlines of the tabloids for several weeks. It had even made the national news. By now, all men involved in the scam were behind bars. The SEP law-firm had been closed and a new club had opened in the place of the former 'Red Rose Club'. 

 Vanessa had made good use of the fortune she had taken along from the strip club. She had settled down in a city in a different state. There, she had opened a beauty salon. It was a nail and spa salon providing everything a woman needed to relax. The store had quickly become popular in the city. It was more than a simple beauty salon as it was also the hotbed of the newest gossip in town. 

 Vanessa had used her talents and quickly taken over the local country club. Thus, she was basically sitting at the source of the gossip. With her glammed- up, elegant appearances at the country club, she had been the best advertisement for her salon. The spa had become so popular that Vanessa had hired several employees. Nowadays, she wasn't working in the salon any longer. Instead, she enjoyed the posh life she had always yearned for. The only difference was that she didn't even need a sugar daddy to pay for all the luxury. 

 The flame-haired knockout had carefully covered her tracks and destroyed any evidence from her former life as the 'SEP Office Slut' and 'Red Rose Whore'. She had even changed her whore-marks. Still, she had refrained from getting completely rid of them. She wanted to keep something as a reminder of her past. 

 

 Instead, a tattoo artist had redesigned them. He had filled out the flame-ring tattoo around her bellybutton with ink. This way, the unflattering 'Trailer Trash Whore' inscription was gone. He had also redesigned the 'Property of Pavone' stamp above her crotch. Nowadays, it was reading 'Property of Passion'. Finally, he had added two letters to her 'Queeny Ho' tramp stamp so it was reading 'Queeny Hott' now. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 21 ****** byCathartico© To this day, Vanessa was still wearing the nipple rings and pussy piercings. She had planned to get rid of them many times. But she had never followed through on it. Somehow, the slut rings were the last thing that kept her in touch with her submissive side. She feared that this side might be gone forever. 

 Life was good for Vanessa. However, something was missing. The feeling of dissonance was gone. Only the posh, arrogant lady-ego was left. The cheap, trashy whore-self was gone. Her submissive 'Red Rose Whore' identity had always counterbalanced her 'Miss Arrogance' ego. The constant flip-flopping between these two polar opposites had been an extreme rollercoaster ride - an endless adrenaline rush that had put her into a constant state of arousal. This thrill was gone. Nowadays, she somehow felt incomplete and instable. 

 When she had settled down in the new city, the flame-haired beauty had acted like a junkie going cold turkey. She had craved the humiliations. She had missed getting used by men. It had accompanied her for so long that it had left a huge hole. She had craved new degradations. She had yearned to be manhandled and roughed up. 

 Even a year later, the craving hadn't ceased. It was a constant companion. And it drove her crazy. She wanted -- no she needed -- to satisfy her submissive side. But she didn't know how. 

 Vanessa had tried to find new ways to relieve this urge. She had dated a few guys from the local country club. But they had acted with too much reserve. She had tried hitting the local clubs for random hook-ups. But it wasn't the same. By now, she had run out of ideas how to satisfy her submissive side. 

 So Vanessa had resigned to the fact that the thrill of dissonance was gone forever. She tried to distract herself by savouring her life of luxury to the fullest. But somehow it left her bored. 

 This warm fall day, the doorbell rang although Vanessa didn't expect any visitors. When she opened the door of her condo, she was in for a surprise. Mark stood in front of the door - her ex boyfriend who had become Pavone's right-hand man during her time as the 'Red Rose Whore'. 

 However, he looked completely different to the last time she had seen him. The slacker was completely gone. He wore an expensive, tailor-made suit and appeared full of confidence. Vanessa didn't have a clue how he had found her. But before the flame-haired beauty had a chance to react, he stood in her living room. 

 "You didn't do so bad, did you?" he said appreciatively while he checked out her luxurious condo. 

 "Wasn't that easy to find you though." he continued when he saw the questioning look on Vanessa's face. "When I came to town and read about a beauty salon called 'Red Rose Style', I got suspicious." 

 "I had to bribe one of your employees to learn about your address." he chuckled. "Seems like you enjoy your privacy." 

 "Guess you're wondering what I'm doing in this city." he carried on when he saw Vanessa squirming uncomfortably. 

 A lump formed in the redhead's throat. She had left her past behind and didn't need Mark back in her life. She cursed herself for her name choice. She had chosen the name 'Red Rose Style' in a touch of melancholy. She had never expected any negative consequences out of it. 

 "In contrast to Pavone and his friends, I wasn't sent to jail." Mark explained. "I was just the bartender in one of Pavone's clubs. So the cops didn't have anything on me. But they shut down all of his clubs. So I was out of a job - - again." 

 "You know, I always wondered how you managed to disappear at the perfect moment." he finally cut to the chase. "And by the look of this condo, you had it planned for some time." 

 Vanessa felt a chill running down her spine. She sensed that Mark's presence wasn't a coincidence. She felt a certain kind of danger emanating from him. The flame-haired knockout had to come up with an explanation for her new fortune. But before she had a chance to do so, Mark carried on. 

 "The cops searched the entire 'Red Rose Club' including the safe in the office. Pavone thinks the cops seized all the club money. But now, that I see this condo, I'm not so sure about that. You're the only one who knew about me bringing the money to the station. And now, all the money is gone and you're wallowing in luxury -- what a coincidence!" 

 "I don't know about any money!" Vanessa blurted out. But it only sounded weak. She felt her legs turning to jelly. Her plan had worked so perfectly -- until now. 

 "Hehehe! Of course, you didn't." Mark replied with a knowing sneer. "Anyways, I just came around to show you something." 

 He grabbed her hand and dragged the flame-haired knockout out of the house. An expensive sports car stood in the driveway. Obviously, Mark hadn't fared too bad either. 

 He took Vanessa to the local industrial park. She had never been to this side of the town. But it looked as ramshackle and decrepit as any other old industrial area. On the way, Mark told his former girlfriend what he had been up to since Pavone and SEP got busted for fraud. 

 "I wasn't as stupid as you always thought." he explained his new wealth. "I didn't throw that SEP hush money down the drain. I put it all aside." 

 "You know, Pavone hadn't come up with those Saturday slut-battles himself. It had been my idea." he bragged with a sly grin on his face. "And I thought it had a lot more potential." 

 "When Pavone's clubs got closed down, the local redlight district turned into a wasteland. I had to jump at that chance!" Mark exclaimed. "I used that SEP hush money to build up my own club. Only, I improved Pavone's business model." 

 "Who needs a local superwhore?" he mocked Vanessa. "Guys want diversity! So each Saturday two pornstars compete in the slut-battle. The guests choose the winner. And the victorious slut stays in the club for the rest of the week. She's the 'Whore of the Week'. Hehehe!" 

 "This way, the guests always get some fresh meat, and they're even involved in the decision. Makes them come back in flocks each week." he boasted his achievements. "The club was so successful that I quickly took over the local redlight district. And now, it's time to expand to a new state. A man gotta stay ahead of the curve, doesn't he?" 

 "So I checked out the market in several cities. There's not much entertainment going on here, is it?" he asked his former girlfriend. "This city is ripe for the picking!" 

 Obviously, Vanessa had always underestimated her ex-boyfriend. He had always been nothing but a lazy slacker. But now, it seemed like he had found his true calling and turned into a clever business man -- albeit in a sleazy business. 

 Finally, they arrived at their destination. It was an old warehouse that had been turned into a modern strip club. The neon sign above the entrance read 'Mackster's Grindhouse X'. 

 "My peeps call me Mackster nowadays." Mark explained with a nod to the sign. "I like that name. It has an awe-struck vibe to it." 

 Mark led the flame-haired knockout through the entire club. In stark contrast to Pavone's sleazy, decrepit 'Red Rose Club', it looked fully renovated and clean. The big main room had a stage in each corner with four strippers dancing to the music simultaneously. Several smaller rooms abutted to it. Each of these rooms had its own theme. 

 In a dark, fetish-oriented room, a stripper clad in a kinky leather outfit danced inside a steel cage. In another room, a stripper dressed as a school girl danced in front of a chalkboard. There was also a lapdance room and a private area with small cubicles. Passing this area, Vanessa heard some explicit moaning coming out of several booths. 

 "I never understood Pavone's strippers-only policy." Mark explained. "You wanna get a private lapdance? Wave with some cash! You wanna fuck one of those strippers? Wave with some more cash! The X in 'Grindhouse X' is for all the extras you can get. Hehehe!" 

 Vanessa could clearly see how proud Mark was of his achievements. Although it was early in the afternoon, the club was quite full. It had to be overcrowded during the night. Not to mention the slut-battles on the weekend! 

 The moment Mark pulled Vanessa into his club, she turned heads. It wasn't a common sight to have a woman walk into a strip club - especially not a lady that was dressed as if she was about to attend Fashion week with her designer outfit and expensive jewellery. She looked totally out of place. 

 The flame-haired knockout could feel the eyes of all guys scraping over her amazing body, checking out each and every tempting curve. Suddenly, the long- lost thrill of anticipation was back. Her heart was beating in her throat and her whole body was tingling. 

 For a moment, the fear of stumbling into a member of the local country club swept over her mind. But it only lasted for a few second. The excitement that was caused by her submissive side flaming back up quickly overlaid any anxiety. Finally, they reached Mark's office. 

 "So..." Mark addressed Vanessa. "What do you think about my club?" 

 "It's... It's nice." the redhead stuttered sheepishly. 

 She didn't know how to react. She didn't know what he wanted to hear. All she knew was that Mark wasn't showing her his business for nothing. There was no way that she could see herself getting back in touch with this shady world! She had left it all behind! She was standing on the reputable side now. She ran a successful, respectable business herself! She wouldn't do anything that could risk her local reputation! 

 Still, an unexpected tinge of excitement crept up her body. She didn't know how to handle these sensations. Somehow, it felt like a door had opened that could bring back the missing counterbalance to her life. But she wasn't willing to walk though this door right now. She wasn't willing to get back into the world of sleaze. 

 "Ooh. It will be a lot nicer with you around constantly!" Mark picked up her assist, ending Vanessa's train of thought for good. 

 "Unless, you want me to visit Pavone in the slammer and tell him about your whereabouts!" he revealed his plan. 

 The flame-haired beauty looked at him with disbelief in her eyes. She felt like he had just smacked her over the head. 

 "It's your choice!" Mark left a door open for her. "All of my 'employees' work for me voluntarily. You can work for me as well. Or you can run again." 

 "I could use someone with a connection to the city's influential circles though." he tried to entice her. "It would be the perfect give-and-take. I give you the chance to do what you're best at, and you open a few doors for me." 

 Vanessa's head was in a jumble. Mark had just told her that she had her best qualities as a whore. What an assumption! With her beauty salon, she had proven that she was a successful business woman! Yet, his direct commanding tone and the derogatory remark made her flesh tingle. 

 Mark wanted her to become his hooker! Still, he gave her the chance to leave town and settle at a new place. She had done it before. She had enough money to start a new life in a new country. It was her decision! 

 But something kept her from storming out of Mark's office and taking the next bus to the airport. This was a life changing decision. She had to think it through to the end and decide wisely. 

 "Please sir, what do you want me to do?" she blurted out impulsively. 

 With this sudden outburst, Vanessa surprised herself the most. She had just acted against any rational reasoning. There had been a slight chance of getting the feeling of dissonance back - the thrill she had been yearning for. And a part of her mind had jumped at that chance, completely disregarding the dangers. 

 Still, she somehow felt relief. She should feel remorse about her non- reflective outburst. She should argue to rethink the decision. But she didn't. Instead, she felt a thrill of anticipation. 

 "As I see, we've come to an agreement!" Mark translated Vanessa's outburst. 

 "Here's the deal, slut." he began explaining Vanessa's new assignment. Thereby his tone changed even more. He almost started to sound like Pavone in his commanding voice. 

 "You get this day to prove that you're a reliable whore. It's your chance to check out your new side job too." he explained. "After today, you have to make the final decision -- stay or run! It's up to you." 

 "If you decide to take the job, you will run your beauty salon during the day and work as my whore in the evening. There's nothing like a little side job to keep life exciting, isn't it?" Mark joked. 

 "I'm afraid, I can't let you work in the club though." he continued. "I need to keep my whores motivated. So you need to work your way up the whore-ladder as anybody else." 

 "However, I got a special task for you." he came to the point. "This city is an entertainment wasteland! So I won't settle for a strip club. I'm establishing a hooker alley round the corner. I'm going for the all-round supply -- the strip club for the rich clientele and the whore pitch for the poor bastards!" 

 Vanessa's head shot up in rage when she heard Mark's words. Her temper flamed up while her eyes grew wide. A fire blazed up in her green eyes while she tried hard not to throw a temper tantrum. 

 He couldn't intend what she believed he did. She was a rich business owner! She had been the popular 'Red Rose Superwhore' before! She was a high-class lady! In no way would she be walking the streets! 

 Mark only smiled at Vanessa's indignant expression. That was the fiery bitch he knew. That was the hot-headed slut the tricks loved to subdue. With this flame- haired firecracker selling her hot ass on the corner, his hooker alley would get an incredible boost. There was only one thing that needed to be taken care of. 

 "You've proven yourself as a reliable role player." he specified the redhead's assignment. "You've worked yourself up from 'Motivation Slut' to 'Bonus Whore'. Now, you will become my 'Hush Whore'!" 

 Vanessa's outraged look became clouded by confusion. She didn't have a clue what that title implied. But it didn't sound too good. 

 "You see," Mark explained. "I need the cops in my pocket to keep my street hookers out of the slammer. Bribing some dirty cops is much cheaper than bailing my hoes out of jail every day." 

 "And those dirty cops are a lot more receptive for my bribes when there's some other meaty incentive." he chuckled, and finally the penny dropped. 

 Mark intended Vanessa to serve the local cops so they would turn a blind eye to his street business! Her ex-boyfriend was about to turn the flame-haired beauty into a cheap street whore serving some ordinary patrol officers. 

 "Pleassse, nooo!" Vanessa started pleading. 

 Her fiery attitude was completely gone. His task was so deeply humiliating, and it stood in such a stark contrast to her life of luxury. Anything would be better than walking the streets! Still, the thought of taking the second option and running out of town didn't even cross her mind for a second. 

 "I'll work as a simple stripper in your club!" the flame-haired knockout begged. "Please! You can stage a fuckshow with your dumb piece of trash whore today!" 

 "I don't need another stripper. I need a Hush Whore." Mark simply responded, stifling Vanessa's protest. 

 In a strange way, his emphasis of her new title and function struck a chord inside of her. At least, she wasn't just another piece of street meat. She was a special street walker with a special function. 

 Still, it was a merciless taunt. Vanessa had been admired as a superwhore before. She had proven her slut-worth over and over again. But now, her ex- boyfriend reduced her to a rookie street hooker that had to pay her dues and work hard to get some respect as a whore. 

 Out of a sudden, the feeling of dissonance was back. And it was more forceful than ever. The gap between her two identities was bigger than before. It wasn't just a dissonance between posh secretary and club slut now. It was a dissonance between successful business woman and street walker. Her whole body prickled maddeningly when she realized that. 

 Pre-empting any further discussion, Mark stepped over to Vanessa and grabbed her arm. 

 "Now, we need you to get acquainted with your job for today." he commented. 

 "I... I need some clothes for the street!" the stunning redhead replied hesitantly as her exclusive designer outfit wasn't very useful for her task. 

 Vanessa closed her eyes when she said the words 'for the street'. She couldn't believe that she was about to whore her ass out on a hooker alley. The sheer imagination made her shudder in humiliation. 

 She could neither believe that she gave in so easily. Mark had left the door open for her to decide. But somehow, a part of herself didn't want to protest. It wanted to test the chance of reawakening her old whore-self. And this part was clearly prevalent at the moment. 

 "What kind of dumb piece of shit whore are you?" Mark taunted his new hooker. "Coming to work without proper work clothes? " 

 "I should make you work the street naked for your stupidity." he laughed into her face. "Go to the locker room and get some clothes!" 

 With these words, he pushed Vanessa out of his office. It felt like a déjà-vu for the redhead. She distinctly remembered when Pavone had dressed her up as a cheap, trashy hooker in the locker room of the 'Red Rose Club' for her first shift as the 'Red Rose Whore'. She could still hardly process the fact that it was happening all over again. 

 There was a blonde stripper in the locker room. She immediately shot daggers at Vanessa when the redhead entered the room. The blonde dancer only saw her as a new competitor for her job. The flame-haired beauty tried to disregard the stripper and directly walked over to the clothes rail. She rummaged through the different outfits for a few moments. Then she took a dress off the rail. 

 That moment, she felt a sharp tug on her ginger hair. The blonde stripper pulled Vanessa back. She tugged so harshly that the redhead tumbled down onto her ass. 

 "That ain't your clothes, bitch!" the dancer shouted into the ginger slut's face. 

 Vanessa was too surprised to react immediately. Her head hurt as hell from the rough hair pulling. She needed some time to find her voice. 

 "May... May I borrow some clothes please?" she meekly asked. 

 Her subdued response surprised herself. Revisiting a strip club and getting ordered around, had apparently put her into complete submissive whore mode. 

 "I can sell you some, bitch!" the stripper spat back. 

 The blonde dancer pulled a black tube dress from the rail. She also fetched a torn, crotch-less fencenet pantyhose and some old, worn-out stripper heels off the ground. Vanessa didn't want to argue with the aggressive stripper any longer. So she swiftly put the dress on. It was at least 2 sizes too small and didn't fit at all. The heels were 8" high platform sandals in leopard print. The heel and platform were so high and worn out that Vanessa could barely walk in them. 

 In no way, the value of the dress, pantyhose, and heels exceeded 10 bucks. The stripper looked Vanessa over and sneered evilly. The ginger slut simply looked too pathetic -- especially with her expensive jewellery standing in stark contrast to the cheap tube dress, torn fencenet pantyhose, and tacky leopard- print platform heels. 

 "100 bucks and it's yours!" the blonde dancer made her offer. 

 "What the fuck!" Vanessa instantly shot back. 

 The stripper had to be out of her mind. She would never pay so much money for such worthless junk. But before the flame-haired knockout had a chance to argue, the dancer grabbed the top of the tube dress and pulled it down, exposing Vanessa's big, ample melons. The stripper was about to forcefully pull the dress completely off the redhead when Vanessa backed down. She couldn't risk coming back to Mark without any appropriate hooker wear. Report_Story #5 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 21 ****** byCathartico© "It's OK! It's OK!" she tried to calm the blonde dancer. 

 "I pay the price." she said opening her wallet. Only to find out that she carried no more than 50 dollars. 

 "I can only pay you 50." she told the stripper. But the dancer was relentless. 

 "You pay me 50 now and 50 after your shift is over!" the blonde stripper hissed. 

 Vanessa felt another tinge of humiliation. Not only was she getting forced to walk the streets as a low hooker. She also had to pay a horrendous price for some used, worn-out whore clothes. And she didn't even get some bra or panties for the inflated price. She was a rich, posh socialite! And now, she had to pay to become a usable street hooker! 

 When the flame-haired knockout had handed the blonde stripper the 50 bucks, she made herself up in the sluttiest fashion she could. She applied several thick layers of red lipstick and black eyeliner. Finally, she finished the skank-look with some dramatic, dark smoky eyes make-up and rouge. 

 Vanessa's nerves were electrified when she headed back to Mark's office. A part of herself enjoyed the thrill of slutting-up to get used. Another part still tried to fight the danger of falling back into old habits. 

 In Mark's office, she presented her outfit. It looked as trashy and cheap as it gets. The two-small, black, metallic tube dress hugged each and every curve and explicitly traced Vanessa's nipple rings. The dress was so short that it started right above her nipples and ended just beneath Vanessa's ass cheeks. It was so tight that it was barely able to contain the ginger slut's voluptuous fleshcans. With every step, she feared the hem of the dress to rise and expose her buttocks while her big, fat fucktits threatened to pop out of their constraints with every move. The torn, crotch-less, black fencenet pantyhose and the sky-high, leopard-print platform heels only added to the skanky, trashy aura. 

 The metallic, wet-look style of her tube dress made sure that she caught any man's eye. It also formed a striking contrast to her long ginger hair. Mark let Vanessa keep wearing her broad, silver necklace and bracelets. It made for an even starker contrast between the trashy outfit and expensive jewellery. Thereby, it acted as a reminder of her 'official status' as successful local business owner and added to the redhead's humiliation. 

 As the final touch, Mark proved that he had learned a lesson or two from Pavone. To clearly illustrate Vanessa's position, he produced a dog leash. But he didn't put it around the ginger slut's neck. Instead, he clipped it to her two pussy rings. 

 Vanessa drew in a sharp breath when she felt the tug on her cunt. The leash lifted her ridiculous excuse of a dress and exposed her pussy. It left her no other choice than to stumble behind Mark. 

 On his way out of the strip club, Mark led his Hush Whore through the main room. Instantly, the bunch of men having drinks and watching the four strippers caught eye of the new tarted-up slut. 

 "Woohoo!" they hollered in unison. 

 "Look at that rent cunt! A new lamb getting led to the slaughter!" a rude guy exclaimed causing a roar of laughter with his taunt. And he perfectly summed up the way Vanessa felt. 

 The short walk through the main room was enough to tumble Vanessa into turmoil. This morning she had been one of the most reputable female business owners in the city! She was the chairlady of the local country club's women's clique! Now, she was getting mocked and paraded as a low, skanky street hooker! 

 It was incredibly degrading! And it was also incredibly arousing! Vanessa had completely forgotten about the effects those utter humiliations had on her body. Her submissive side was rejoicing, making her pussy juice flow. The flame-haired knockout re-experienced her body suppressing any rational thought. She felt her whore-self taking over control, blocking out any fear of losing her lady status. 

 Finally, they stood on the street in front of 'Mackster's Grindhouse X'. The bright sun instantly reflected Vanessa's black, metallic, wet-look dress making the ginger slut stand out even more. Fortunately, there were only a handful of cars passing by. 

 The stunning redhead felt another tug on the pussy leash and was forced back into motion. Mark began to lead his Hush Whore down the street and around the corner. They passed a few warehouses and a storage center. To take a shortcut, Mark led his rent cunt right across the parking lot of the center. 

 As it was closing time, there were several people leaving work and walking to their cars. Of course, Vanessa stood out like a sore thumb in her skanky metallic tube dress and the leash clipped to her exposed pussy. The red-haired hooker caught everybody's eye and generated a huge buzz. 

 "This area is going down the drain with these hookers flooding the streets." she heard a woman whistling to her friend. 

 "Those whores ain't got no shame at all!" the other women replied condescendingly. "These vicious gutter skanks don't even shy away from hustling on a public parking lot! These degenerates don't even leave you alone at work!" 

 Each comment made Vanessa flinch. The last year, she had been the rising star in the local social scene. She wasn't used to women talking her down anymore, and it cut right to her core. However, Mark met the hostile reactions by upping the ante. 

 "What d'you think 'bout this rent cunt?" he suddenly addressed two guys that were about to get into a truck. 

 "You'll find this fine piece-of-ass round the corner!" he advertised his newest hooker while Vanessa stood next to him like a mute fuckdoll. "She'll be pleased to offer all three fuckholes to you guys for some chump change!" 

 The flame-haired knockout felt like another déjà vu was happening when she remembered Mark leading her through their hometown with the slutty 'Red Rose Club' advertisement hanging off her tit rings. Only this time, she wasn't the star of the club. She was nothing but some cheap street meat. This fact only made the slut parade more degrading. 

 "Ain't got no need to pick up some trash from the gutter!" one guy replied disapprovingly. 

 "Those sloppy fuckholes have seen too many cocks to be of any interest!" the other man confirmed the guys' negative opinion. 

 Vanessa clenched her fists in rage. Those derogatory comments were too much for her to handle. She had left this all behind! But somehow, the tinge of humiliation had a sweet character. It was a thrilling pinch she had missed for too long. Her body was embracing the long lost degradations. And her competitiveness flamed back up. She almost yearned to sink to her knees and beg those guys to test ride her fuckholes to prove them wrong. 

 Eventually, the red-haired hooker and her pimp made their way across the parking lot and around the corner. One side of the adjacent street was taken up by a huge junkyard that was bounded by a chain-link fence. On the other side, an old, decrepit motel was located. A line of skimpily clad women were standing around in front of the junkyard fence. Obviously, the hooker alley started here. 

 The whores stood about 150 feet apart from each other. And it seemed like each hooker tried to outdo the others with her skanky outfit. Most of them wore tiny skirts and skin-tight tank tops. Neon colours and latex fabric were clearly prevailing. Overall, they were all showing off more skin than hiding. In regard to her skanky outfit, Vanessa perfectly fit into the whore pitch. 

 The hookers flaunted their barely hidden charms at every car that passed by and screamed insults at every driver riding past them. Their attention was only taken off the cars when Mark led Vanessa down the sidewalk. He paraded his newest rent cunt in front of each and every whore he got. The first one huffed noisily. 

 "Another hussy trying to steal my tricks!" she snarled. "Better don't delude yourself! You don't stand no chance against me, bitch!" 

 "Better don't eyeball one of my tricks!" another whore spat at the redhead. "Or I'm gonna whoop your sorry little ass, you fucking cow!" 

 "Hehehe! Look at that prissy little cunt!" the next hooker simply laughed in Vanessa's face. "You'll get nothing but the lousy scraps of leftovers! It's gonna be fun -- not. Hehehe!" 

 The flame-haired beauty flinched at each slur. But Mark simply led her along on the pussy leash as if he hadn't heard anything. With each hooker they passed, the insults seemed to get worse, and Vanessa was getting more and more frightened. The atmosphere at the whore pitch was incredibly hostile and aggressive. She was afraid of getting into an argument with one of these hardened street walkers. The dispute with the stripper in the club had been more than enough. She definitely didn't stand a chance against them in a fight. 

 The last whore in line didn't say a word. Instead, she simply spat onto the ground right in front of Vanessa. She couldn't have shown her aversion towards the new rent cunt in a more obvious way. 

 The stunning redhead breathed a sigh of relief when they had passed all of Mark's street walkers. They were standing in front of the entrance gate of the junkyard. A shipping container was placed next to the gate. The wall of the container was littered with graffiti which only added to the dirty state of the street. Obviously, it was used as some kind of office for the junkyard. 

 A short metal staircase led up to the door. Next to that staircase, Mark came to a halt. Vanessa threw a fearful gaze back to the street hookers they had passed. They were all looking over to her in a hostile manner. 

 Mark didn't wait for his fresh rent cunt to get used to her new work environment. Instead, he simply grabbed the redhead's neck and forcefully bent her over the rail. This way, her short, metallic, black tube dress rose up and completely exposed Vanessa's tanned, curvy ass. The next moment, Mark grabbed the top of the dress and roughly pulled it down. Thereby, her full ripe melons immediately burst into freedom and dangled down her chest. 

 Vanessa was too surprised to make some noise. She didn't have any clue what was happening or what Mark had in store for her. Her ex-boyfriend simply continued his handiwork, not giving a fuck about the redhead's reaction. He tugged on the leash that was still clipped to the ginger slut's pussy rings and pulled it through the void underneath the rail. Then he threaded the leash through her left tit ring from bottom to top and led it across her chest. There, he threaded it through her right tit ring from top to bottom. Finally, he led the leash back to her pussy and tied it in a knot right above her clit. He had effectively tied his Hush Whore to the banister rail. 

 The leash connected the flame-haired knockout's cunt and tits. It was stretched so tightly that it pulled up her outer labia, revealing her pink inner cunt meat, and dragged down her big, round knockers, making her titflesh bulge obscenely. Vanessa was barely able to move. Instead, she was caught in an extremely uncomfortable, bent-over position. 

 In contrast, the view from the street was spectacular. Anyone passing the junkyard in his car got treated to a sight of Vanessa's juicy, round butt and inviting, pink inner cunt. To the redhead's terror, she heard a chorus of mocking whistles from the hookers as they watched their new, pretty competitor getting treated like a plain slab of fuckmeat by their pimp. Of course, the other whores enjoyed the ginger slut's submission. In this position, she didn't pose any threat to their tricks. 

 Mark wasn't finished though. He pulled a pair of handcuffs from his pockets and cuffed Vanessa's arms behind her back. This way, he rendered his Hush Whore completely immobile. She was tied to the rail with her tits and cunt and couldn't change her position on her own. Finally, he produced a red lipstick and wrote some words all over Vanessa's ass cheeks. 

 "Tip jar!" he read out when he was done. 

 "As I said before, fuckslut!" he explained the title while leaning over to Vanessa's face. "You gotta start from rock bottom and work your way up the whore-ladder. Right now, you're nothing but a doormat for all the other whores." 

 "You're just a whoremat!" he joked laughing right into Vanessa's face. 

 The flame-haired beauty blushed in embarrassment -- especially as Mark had called her 'whoremat' loud enough for all the street walkers to hear. In response, she could hear them giggling and cackling. 

 "Prove to me that you're a reliable slab of street meat. And one day, you might get back onto the big stage in my club." Mark emphasised her task. 

 "But first you're not even a cum bucket!" he added with a sneer. "The cops get 10 percent from each trick these whores turn. And you're the cash bucket collecting their share." 

 "Think you can manage that?" he taunted his whoremat before he turned around and left the ginger slut alone. 

 Vanessa watched him walk away with terror clearly displayed on her face. While Mark went back down the hooker alley, his street walkers formed a guard of honour and shouted in unison. 

 "Whoremat! Whoremat! Whoremat!" 

 Vanessa felt like crying. She was shaking in her bonds. She had been the 'Red Rose Superstar'! And now, she wasn't even good enough to turn tricks in the dirtiest part of the city! The flame-haired beauty felt like a worthless object -- like a useless piece of trash. 

 But in a way, this devaluation appealed to her competitiveness and ambition. She couldn't accept this relegation! Whatever she started, she had to be the best at it! It was like an inner drive. She had to prove Mark that she was the best whore in his stable. 

 Vanessa only had to wait five minutes in her position bent over the rail until one of the whores approached her. She had a middle-aged john in her tow. The guy stopped behind the redhead's bent ass and pulled his purse from his pants. The next moment, the ginger slut felt his calloused hand stroking her pink inner cunt meat. His fingers were so rough that they scratched the soft flesh making her squeal. 

 SMACK 

 The whore spanked Vanessa's right ass cheek making it jiggle wildly. 

 "Show some appreciation for my trick, you stupid tip jar slut!" the hooker barked at the flame-haired beauty. 

 "Mmmhhh! Ooohhh! Yaaahhh!" 

 The next minute, Vanessa gave her best to groan and moan as if she was about to cum any second while the john continued to roughly fondle her cunt with his calloused fingers. Then the feeling on her pussy changed. With a grunt, the stunning redhead realized that the trick rubbed a piece of paper all over her snatch. It was a dollar bill! It was the cops' share! 

 The ginger slut shuddered when she imagined all the possible places this bill might have been before. It felt greasy and dirty. And it was touching her precious inner cunt! However, in her tied position, she couldn't do anything against it but tremble in disgust. 

 Finally, the john used three fingers to push the bill up Vanessa's pussy. She groaned when her cunt got spread wide. As a special degradation, the guy left a bit of the note hanging out of the redhead's snatch so it was visible from the street. It clearly emphasised Vanessa's position as the tip jar. 

 SMACK 

 Another blow landed on the ginger slut's ass cheek. This time the hooker reddened Vanessa's left buttock. 

 "Do your job properly, whoremat!" she hissed. "Give thanks to this fine gentleman!" 

 "Thank you sir for entrusting this stupid cash bucket with your money." Vanessa quickly replied squeezing her eyes shut in shame. 

 When she looked up again, the whore and her john were gone across the street to the motel. She felt another tinge of embarrassment when she realized that this guy was about to fuck a hardened street hooker instead of her. 

 As it was closing time, the traffic on the street picked up and the street walkers got busy with johns. It only took a few minutes before the next hooker approached the bent-over tip jar slut. Her trick was so old that he had to walk with a stoop. Instantly, Vanessa felt his knobby, gnarled fingers poking around inside her pussy. He pulled on her soft, inner cunt lips and squeezed her clit as if scrutinizing the merchandise. The flame-haired beauty felt as if she was standing on the cattle market. Any second, she expected him to check her set of teeth. 

 Once again, Vanessa couldn't stop squealing from the rough manhandling. Each time a noise came over her lip, the old geezer smacked her firm ass. Then he concentrated on the redhead's asshole. He instantly drove three gnarled fingers down her ass chute. That was the moment Vanessa started bitching and lamenting. In response, the old guy laid a fierce blow on her cunt, making the redhead's teeth chatter. 

 For a few moments, the old geezer enjoyed making the human cash bucket bitch and moan. All the while, Vanessa was treated to the rough feeling of each and every knobby finger scratching and stretching her poor pussy and ass. Finally, the john pushed the dollar bill up the ginger whore's butthole. Once again, he left a bit of the note hanging out of the redhead's fuckhole to show off the ginger slut's purpose in the whore pitch. 

 "Well done, whoremat!" the hooker whispered into Vanessa's ear before she left with her old trick. "That old geezer only gets hard when hearing a woman shriek and cry. At least, you were good enough to take that task off my hands. Hehehe!" 

 By now, a dollar bill hung out of Vanessa's cunt and asshole each. And during the next hour, a lot more notes were added to her fuckholes. 

 After those endless 60 minutes, Vanessa barely felt her legs anymore. Her body was completely resting on the rail. Her big, fat fucktits hurt and throbbed from the merciless stretching by the leash. And the bills filling her cunt and asshole felt like pieces of sandpaper, roughly grinding the soft, sensitive flesh of her sexholes. 

 Out of the blue, a man wearing an oil-daubed overall stepped out of the shipping container. He was of the same age as Mark. But the similarities ended there. He had a full beard and long slick hair. His overall appearance was as greasy and dirty as the entire junkyard. 

 "Whoa!" he exclaimed in surprise when he almost stumbled over the leashed redhead. "What have we got here on my property?" 

 Vanessa realized that he must be the owner of the junkyard. But before she had a chance to reply, he continued. 

 "Seems like Mackster dropped off a new present." 

 He stepped around Vanessa and grabbed her ginger hair. Pulling her face upwards, he made her look at him. 

 "You're the new bottom-of-the-barrel ho, ain't you?" he asked the redhead. 

 Automatically, Vanessa nodded. 

 "I'm the whoremat, sir!" she said on autopilot. 

 When her reaction registered in her brain though, her whole body screamed 'NOOO'. Why was she accepting her new status as the lowest piece of street meat so easily when every fibre of her body protested against it? 

 "Sorry sir, I wasn't right." Vanessa quickly corrected herself. "I'm Mackster's special Hush Whore!" 

 "The Hush Whore, hm?" the junkyard owner replied. "Well, that's good. You see, I got a deal with Mackster. I'm his watchdog. I let him use this sidewalk as his whore pitch and keep an eye on his hookers. In return, I get a nice additional income and free use of his bitches." 

 "Apparently, that's your job now, whoremat!" he concluded. 

 Before Vanessa had a chance to reply, he opened the zipper of his greasy, oil- stained overall and pulled his cock out. The flame-haired knockout eagerly opened her mouth without awaiting any order. More and more, she felt her submissive side spreading through her body and suppressing any hint of the posh lady bitch. 

 The next moment, Vanessa gagged heavily. Mr. Watchdog had thrust his cock down her throat at the first go. He hadn't stopped pushing until the stunning redhead's nose was buried in his oil-daubed overall. Report_Story #6 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 21 ****** byCathartico© Immediately, the stench overwhelmed the ginger slut. His overall reeked of petrol like an entire garage. The smell was so aggressive that it stung in her nose and made her nauseous. 

 Vanessa struggled in her bonds to get away from the reek. But to no avail. She only succeeded in stretching her leashed fleshcans further out of proportions. The red-haired hooker's disgusted reaction didn't remain hidden to the guy though. 

 He pulled his cock from her mouth and lifted it up. He slapped his balls into her face, implicitly telling her to clean them. With a groan, the flame-haired beauty stuck out her tongue and started licking. Instantly, the taste of sweat filled her mouth. It made her retch and choke. But at least, it was better than the overwhelming stench of his overall. 

 Obediently, she bathed his hairy balls in her saliva until she had cleaned all the sweat and dirt off of them. As soon as she let them pop out of her mouth, the long-haired, sleazy junkyard owner rammed his cock back down her gullet and kept it there. For a while, he enjoyed the feeling of her throat muscles dancing on his dick and clenching his shaft with all their might. But once again, the stench of his oil-stained overall was far worse and Vanessa started struggling mightily to escape the horrendous stank. 

 "I can see you like my dirty, stinking work clothes!" Watchdog taunted the leashed hooker. 

 While he roared with laughter about his mock, he stepped out of the blue overall and scrunched it up. Vanessa's eyes gaped wide in terror when he started rubbing a piece of the oil-daubed, greasy bundle all over his cock, getting it just as filthy. 

 Watchdog's laughter only increased in volume when he shoved his freshly greased dick down the redhead's throat. Vanessa mightily struggled in her bonds when the foul, nasty reek attacked her senses. She felt like heaving up her guts. But the cock in her gullet blocked everything. 

 "Mackster told me to show you what it means to be the bottom-of-the-barrel ho around here." the junkyard owner continued taunting the ginger slut while he rubbed the oil-stained overall over his dick again. 

 "How does the position taste?" he howled when he rammed his filthy cock back through Vanessa's lips. 

 The flame-haired knockout only sobbed and whimpered in response. The bitter, vile taste overwhelmed her and made her head spin. It was so bad she couldn't even describe it in words. Nonetheless, Watchdog continued to use her mouth as a dick wash three more times. 

 Finally, he kept his shaft down her throat and started fucking the redhead's face until her mouth was overflowing with slobber and throat slime. His thrusts down her throat began to make such a squishing noise, it sounded like he was trying to clean a toilet with a plunger. Bursts of drool sprayed from her face, and it caused her heavy make-up to run. Her skank-mask was getting smeared all over her face. 

 The sick, slurping sound aroused Watchdog so much that he quickly pulled his cock from the ginger slut's mouth. Just in time to shoot a healthy dose of cum all over her face. 

 "Well, whoremat!" the junkyard owner chuckled when he had recovered from the forceful cum. "Now, your face is just as stained as my overall with all that smeared make-up and cum!" 

 "We need to clean that whoremug! The tip jar slut has to look presentable for the tricks!" he stated matter-of-factly. "And it seems, you already got some washing water stored away, you bottom-of-the-barrel ho!" 

 Vanessa stared at the long-haired, sleazy junkyard owner with a puzzled expression on her face. She had no clue what he was talking about. Then it dawned on her, and her eyes gaped open in disbelief once again. She couldn't belief what he implied. He couldn't want her to clean her face with her own spit! 

 However, Watchdog didn't care about Vanessa's reaction. Instead, he left the ginger slut in her bent-over position leashed to the rail and stepped into the shipping container. A few moments later, he stepped back onto the stairs with a glass bowl in his hand. 

 Vanessa had to swallow the protest that wailed up inside of her when she realized the purpose of the bowl. His idea was so gross that it thrust her out of her submissive state. Her posh lady-self was fighting tooth and nail to get the upper hand back. But she knew that she couldn't refuse his idea. 

 Whether or not she liked it, she had sworn to prove Mark wrong and show her worth as a whore. She couldn't reject the junkyard owner. She couldn't afford a setback after only one hour of serving as the Hush Whore! 

 The flame-haired knockout looked at the long-haired sleazebag like a deer caught in the headlights. The sheer thought of the nasty, disgusting task raised her hackles and gave her goosebumps. A part of her screamed in protest. But the stronger part was set on pulling through. 

 Instead of his dick, Watchdog roughly pushed two dirty fingers into Vanessa's mouth. The fingers reeked of petrol and filth just as much as the overall. While the redhead shuddered from the awful taste, the sleazy guy drove his fingers past her tonsils. 

 "Quack! Urgh! Quack! Urgh!" 

 Water shot into Vanessa's eyes and she gagged heavily. Her face turned into a pained grimace from the strain while she choked and spluttered around the guy's dirty fingers. She coughed up some throat slime while she looked pleadingly up to the junkyard owner through a fog of tears. 

 He pushed his fingers out of her gullet, just to ram them back down her throat with full force a second later. The flame-haired knockout was rendered into a spluttering piece of meat. She felt like a plain fountain figure spraying water from her mouth to fill the fountain - a figure that was making pitiful, pathetic noises around the fingers in her throat. 

 Finally, Watchdog pulled his fingers out of her gullet. A torrent of white, foamy slobber instantly followed his hand and shot out of Vanessa's mouth. The sleazy guy was barely able to capture the sloppy mass with the glass bowl. 

 With an exaggerated gesture of disgust, he wiped the slobber off his hand onto Vanessa's obscenely deformed boobs. He coated them with white drool and made them look just as messy as the redhead's face. By now, the two had the full attention of all street walkers on the hooker alley. 

 The sleazy, long-haired junkyard owner guy inspected the load of throat slime floating around in the glass bowl. Obviously, he wasn't satisfied. 

 "Not enough, whoremat!" he said. "I don't like a woman's face slabbed full of make-up anyway. Make that skank-mask run off your whoremug, bitch!" 

 It took Vanessa a few seconds to understand what he was implying. He wanted her to gagfuck her mouth by herself until all her make-up had run off her eyes! And there was a hell of a lot make-up on her face! 

 But the fact that he wanted her to make herself gag with her own fingers was the worst part of it! This was so much more humiliating than getting other person's fingers forced down her throat! Vanessa couldn't imagine any respectable woman that would do that to herself! It would mean the total acceptance of her role as the bottom-of-the-barrel gutter whore. 

 Vanessa could see Watchdog getting impatient. She didn't want him to come up with any new ideas. So she quickly reached up and pushed two slender, French- manicured fingers down her gullet. Once again, she chocked. Her body urged her to stop. But she didn't do it. Instead, she pushed her fingers down her throat even deeper. She heaved and spluttered while her body twitched and trembled. Tears ran down her cheeks in torrents. 

 All of the street walkers on the hooker alley had a perfect view of Vanessa. She saw the flame-haired beauty not only looking but also acting like the lowest piece of street meat. The sleazy, long-haired junkyard owner definitely knew how to make the deviant posh bitch feel like the bottom-of-the-barrel whoremat she had been turned into. 

 Over and over, Vanessa pushed her fine, manicured fingers down her throat making her heave up drool and slime. Over and over, it spurted from her mouth and shot into the glass bowl that slowly filled with the slobbery liquid. 

 Vanessa was glad that she hadn't been eating much during the course of the day. She didn't want to puke up her lunch in any case. Fortunately, drool was all that came out. When she pulled her French-nailed fingers out of her mouth, a final load of frothy throat slime sprayed into the bowl. The mass filling the glass bowl looked more than yucky. Nasty smears mixed with the slimy slobber. 

 Unconsciously, Vanessa wiped her slobbery fingers off onto her bodacious, leashed boobs. By now, her stretched-out knockers were glazed with smeary spit. Her big, fat fucktits glistened just as wetly as her chin. 

 Meanwhile, she stared at the disgusting liquid in the glass bowl. The fact that she had to clean her smeary face by herself was another deep humilitaiton. She braced herself, gulping down the lump in her throat. 

 However, the task didn't go away on its own. So eventually, Vanessa pushed her face forward. All that matter was to get over with this gross task as fast as possible. She dunked her face into the vile, yucky mass. Even the street walkers stared at the scene in disbelief. It was such an incredible display of submission. 

 The stunning redhead instantly felt the frothy, sloppy drool on her cheeks. Unintentionally, she started jumping from one foot to the other in a dance of disgust. She couldn't suppress wincing loudly. It only made it worse though as she opened her lips and some of the slobber rushed back into her mouth. 

 Vanessa immediately pulled her face up and out of the bowl. But the sleazy, long-haired junkyard owner put his hand on her neck preventing her from escaping. Instead, he roughly pressed her lips and cheeks against the glass on the bottom of the bowl and pushed her face around. He basically stirred the slobber with her face using the ginger slut's head like a whisk. 

 In response, Vanessa's dance of disgust only increased in intensity and her winces grew so loud that the street walkers could clearly hear them. Finally, Watchdog pulled her head out of the bowl. The flame-haired knockout looked at the guy with a pleading gaze. She hoped that the ordeal was over. But the junkyard owner didn't let the whoremat get away that easily. 

 "Not clean yet!" he simply said and released Vanessa's ginger hair. 

 Once again, he waited for the leashed hooker to act on her own and degrade herself with another spit-swirlie. Vanessa continued to shoot pleading gazes at the guy. She almost started begging but stopped herself at the last second. She knew too well that it would only worsen the ordeal. 

 Closing her eyes in defeat, the ginger slut once again lowered her head and dunked it into the spit-filled bowl. Immediately, Watchdog's rough hand was at her neck. This time, he took long pleasure to wipe the glass bottom with her cheeks. The redhead's body quaked so hard that she would have fallen off the rail without the leash tying her tits and cunt rings together. Her ass wriggled frantically while her voluptuous funbags got stretched to all sides. It looked hysterically to the street walkers. 

 The sleazy junkyard owner made the bottom-of--the-barrel ho repeat the disgusting spit-swirlie three more times before he was satisfied. By then Vanessa's face was completely drenched in her own drool making it look even messier than before. Strands of frothy drool hung everywhere -- on her chin, cheeks, forehead -- simply all over her face. 

 When Vanessa looked back at Watchdog, he was still holding the bowl filled with her throat slime in his hands. 

 "Can't let that shit go to waste!" he exclaimed. 

 "Nooo...!" Vanessa screamed in terror when he lifted the bowl up above her face. 

 The guy didn't hesitate though and skipped it instantly. The remaining puddle of slobber flowed out of the bowl and directly poured onto the redhead's face. She hastily clenched her mouth shut stifling her protest. Watching the leashed ginger slut getting showered with her own spit was the most perverse sight the seasoned, street-hardened whores on the hooker alley had ever seen. 

 When the glass bowl was empty, the junkyard owner was apparently impressed with the Hush Whore. The obscene ordeal had stirred his cock back to life. He only needed a few strokes to shoot a second load of spunk over the redhead's face. 

 Almost gently, he used the blue bundle of clothes to wipe the slobber and cum off Vanessa's face afterwards. After the spit-swirlies and -shower, the flame- haired knockout barely noticed the foul stench anymore. She was simply glad to get the yucky drool off her face. 

 "Hehehe!" Watchdog exclaimed when he inspected her pussy before walking away. "The whoremat got so wet she almost flushed the bills out of her cunt!" 

 Once again, Vanessa was left alone tied to the rail. When Watchdog was gone, the street hookers restarted using the ginger slut as the cash bucket - but not without snide remarks about her performance as the bottom-of-the-barrel ho. 

 Half an hour later, the street walkers suddenly got into commotion. They quickly grabbed their johns and dashed over the street to hide in the motel. Even the hookers without tricks at hand disappeared in the motel lobby. A minute later, Vanessa identified the reason. A cop car drove down the street. It was obviously pounding the beat. 

 The entire hooker alley was empty except for the bottom-of-the-barrel ho that had been left tied to the rail. Vanessa's heart started beating in her throat. She didn't want to get thrown into the slammer! 

 She could neither see Mark nor his watchdog. Frightened to the bone, she started screaming for the junkyard owner but he didn't appear. Instead, the cop car stopped directly at the entrance to the junkyard. 

 The cops were looking straight at Vanessa's exposed ass! The redhead could only hear her thumping heart. It was so loud that it almost drowned out everything else. But then she heard the noise of doors getting slammed shut. The cops were stepping out of their car! And Vanessa couldn't get away! She heard footsteps coming closer and closer. Finally, they stopped right behind her. 

 Vanessa only had a chance to watch the two patrolmen out of the corner of her eyes as she could barely turn around in her confines. One cop was a middle-aged man who looked the stereotypical way anybody imagined a small town cop with a large beer belly and a hard looking face. The other cop was younger and rather short. 

 "Looks like our tip jar is filled to the brim." fat cop commented Vanessa's stuffed fuckholes. 

 He didn't even address the flame-haired beauty as a person. Instead, he simply treated her as the receptacle for his money. 

 "Mackster can't even find a good cash bucket!" young cop complained. "This one can't keep all the bills. Some have dropped out." 

 "What d'you expect?" the heavy-set, middle-aged patrolman replied. "Just a slab of meat Mackster found in the gutter round the corner!" 

 "Hehehe! More like a piece of trash he found between the dumpsters in his backyard!" the short, young beat officer joined the mocking game. 

 Vanessa felt every comment like a sting to her heart. She wanted to scream at them that she was a superstar among whores. The prettiest slut they would ever fuck. But when she pictured herself bent over the rail with bills sticking out of her fuckholes, she somehow had to agree with them. 

 "Anyways!" fat cop stated. "I wanna get my money and I'm not gonna yank it from these holes!" 

 In reaction to his fellow's comment, young cop grabbed the leash that tied Vanessa's cunt and tit rings together. He opened the knot and released the ginger slut from the rail. 

 "Squeeze those tips out, gutter skank!" he barked when the stunning redhead finally faced them. 

 The two beat officers didn't hand her any receptacle. They simply waited for the red-haired hooker to fulfil the order. Vanessa's face flushed beet red when she realized that she had to squeeze the cash onto the concrete as her hands were still cuffed behind her back. 

 With her body trembling in embarrassment, she squatted down. As her arms were still cuffed behind her back, the cops wanted her to fart the cash out of her fuckholes on the open street! Vanessa couldn't believe that she was eagerly doing this in open daylight. Anybody riding past would see her self- degradation! Anybody from the motel could see her public disgrace! She definitely felt like the bottom-of-the-barrel ho by now. 

 However, she had to admit that she was getting wrapped up in it. All those abysmal humiliations made her body tingle and prickle the way she had been looking for ever since she had come to this city. It seemed like the deeper the debasement the more her body embraced it. She had been in deprivation for such a long time she couldn't get enough of the degradations. 

 The flame-haired beauty squatted down with her legs spread as wide as possible. Fat cop immediately pulled her cunt lips open with the leash. Vanessa stretched out her hands and reached underneath her ass from behind. She grabbed each buttock and pulled it apart. 

 The ginger slut felt more open and exposed than ever before. Lying on a gyno chair was nothing in comparison. In this position, she experienced another déjà vu. Vanessa remembered squatting in the parking garage farting the lawyers' cum out of her ass during her test drive as the office slut. 

 There was a significant difference though. The dollar bills were neither hard objects nor runny cum. Instead, they were wadded up her fuckholes and damp and clingy from her pussy juice. 

 The red-haired hooker struggled mightily. She had to work hard pushing with all her power. Over and over, she had to take a break to catch a breath. Several notes easily popped out of her sexholes and fell onto the concrete. But the biggest bulk of bills only slid out inch by inch. It seemed to take forever. 

 The cops were treated to an extremely raunchy and obscene sight of the Hush Whore working her fuckholes. Nevertheless, they got bored after some time and were intent to add some spice to the public show. 

 Young cop picked one of the bills off the ground that Vanessa had lost before the beat officers had arrived. It was a 20 dollar note. He simply slapped it against Vanessa's forehead. After all the spit-swirlies, the bill clung to her skin and remained firmly in place. 

 "This cash bucket better memorize not to lose some money again!" young cop exclaimed. 

 "Guess this gutter whore must learn to value our money!" fat cop added. 

 "Remind yourself!" he ordered and handed Vanessa the leather leash. 

 He didn't say another word and for a few moments the ginger slut was left baffled and confused. In her puzzled state, she simply remained in her squatting position and even stopped pushing the dollars out. 

 "Some red zebra stripes over your tits will work as a reminder!" fat cop finally got fed up with waiting. "20 lashes for 20 lost dollars will do." 

 Vanessa's face turned into a bewildered grimace when his comment hit home. The two cops wanted her to spank her big round funbags by herself! They wanted her to punish herself on the open street for everyone to see! 

 If she whipped herself with the leash, it looked like an admission of being a worthless waste of a hooker. That was so much more degrading than getting directly spanked by the cops. 

 The flame-haired knockout could see the two beat officers getting impatient. It was their first test run with the new Hush Whore. She couldn't risk them giving her a bad rating and reporting any defiance to Mark. 

 Tentatively, she lifted the leash and let it drop onto her ample fleshcans. She slapped her left and right funbags in a swift succession. 

 "One!... Two!..." she counted out the spanks. 

 "Phhh!" young cop snorted in response. "That's what you call a lash? That's pathetic! There's barely a red stripe visible." Report_Story #7 

 

 ****** Vanessa's Dissonance Ch. 21 ****** byCathartico© And he was right. Vanessa had tried to get away with simply letting the leash drop onto her bodacious boobs without adding much force. Only a slight red glow was visible after these two soft slaps. 

 Of course, the ginger slut wasn't getting away with the memory task that easily. Once again, she lifted the leash. This time she added some strength to the slaps. 

 "Threeee!... Fouuur!..." her voice turned into a hiss when she felt the stinging impact on her soft titflesh. 

 This time, two small red stripes became visible right across each full, round fleshcan. Still, the cops huffed unhappily. They remained dissatisfied with her effort and urged the stunning redhead on to smack her tits harder. 

 "You don't wanna forget about our money's worth, do you? Gutter skank!" fat cop spurred the redhead on. "D'you want us to show you what a real lash is?" 

 Vanessa definitely wasn't keen on getting to know the heavyset cop's full arm strength. It was clearly more than hers. So she quickly whipped the leash downwards before the fat cop stepped up to her. 

 SMACK 

 "Fiiiiiive!" the redhead wailed. 

 She had given herself a harsh blow on her ripe, left melon. 

 SMACK 

 "Siiiiiix!" she striped her right voluptuous knocker with the next blow and left an angry red welt. 

 Finally, the cops were satisfied with Vanessa's effort. By now, she was dishing out the full treatment to her big fat fucktits and felt each of her own lashes to the core. For every stroke, she had to tug on the leash, pulling her cunt lips wide. This way, another sting was added to the ordeal. 

 All the while, the ginger slut tried her best to continue farting the bills from her fuckholes. Her ample fleshcans, her sensitive cunt lips, her pussy, and her asshole -- they all got mercilessly addressed at the same time. And Vanessa was doing it all by herself. 

 She couldn't stop screaming. But her body wouldn't stop prickling either. All her senses were attacked at the same time, overwhelming her body. The redhead was barely able to concentrate on everything -- pushing, slapping, counting. Several times, she almost forgot to say the number of lashes out loud. 

 The street seemed empty. Still, Vanessa could feel eyes on her. She knew that the other street hookers watched her from the motel lobby. They probably rejoiced at the way the new rent cunt was put into her place. This realization added a psychological sting to the physical, making the treatment even more degrading. 

 The Hush Whore did a great job of entertaining the beat officers. She teetered around in her squatting position, and each lash made her stagger while a heap of bills slowly formed on the concrete. 

 SMACK 

 "Nineteeeeen!" Vanessa wailed while she almost toppled onto her back from the harsh blow. 

 There was only one lash left, and some bills were still stuck up her fuckholes. She gathered all her might and pressed. 

 PRAAARRRP SMACK 

 When the stroke landed squarely over her left red-striped boob, the final bundle of clingy bills popped out of her butthole with a loud farting noise that was only drowned out by the whipping sound of the leash and the following shriek. 

 Still, Vanessa's face blushed in a colour as crimson as the welts garnering her ample funbags. The shame of farting loudly on an open street was mind-blowing. Nevertheless, the ginger slut had managed to squeeze all the cash onto the concrete in time. 

 "A tip jar slut has to be better qualified at emptying her cash bucket!" young cop simply huffed at her work. "Now, fetch the cash and bring it over." 

 The colour in Vanessa's face deepened another notch when she realized the meaning of the cop's order. With her hands cuffed behind her back, Vanessa had to use her mouth to gather the bills. She had to crawl around the concrete and fetch the money like a dog fetching a bone. 

 One by one, the flame-haired knockout crawled over to a dollar bill on her knees, bent down, and used her teeth to grab the note before she scurried over to a cop and dropped the money from her mouth into his outstretched hand. It was an arduous task as she had to crawl back and forth and bring each bill individually to the cops. 

 Her ample, red-striped funbags got pressed onto the dirty street every time she bent down. She scurried in the gutter at the cops' feet -- the place a bottom- of-the-barrel ho belonged. 

 When Vanessa was finally finished, she felt like she had just completed a marathon. Her knees were scratched and the black fencenet stockings torn from the rough concrete. At least, the cops seemed satisfied with the Hush Whore's performance for the time being. 

 When they had stashed away their money, the two beat officers walked back to their car. But not before young cop had grabbed the leash. He simply dragged it along, not giving any regard to the slab of whore meat attached to the other end of the leash. 

 Vanessa had to stumble to her feet as quickly as possible to keep up with young cop. This was anything but easy with her hands cuffed behind her back. Her sensitive pussy lips got stretched wide before she was able to get into motion. 

 The two patrolmen simply got into their car. Young cop held the leash through the lowered side window. The ginger slut didn't have a chance to get into the car with them before fat cop started the engine. 

 Vanessa was forced to run alongside the car! The redhead's hair stood on end when she realized which pitiable sight she must have provided. She was dragged on a leash clipped to her pussy rings behind a cop car with her arms cuffed behind her back and her black, metallic tube top hanging around her hips. Her voluptuous, red-striped knockers and curvy, round ass were fully exposed! 

 The car made a u-turn on the street and drove along the motel before it turned and headed through the junkyard entrance. Fat cop drove explicitly slow. On the one hand, it helped Vanessa to keep pace. But on the other hand, she was extensively paraded in front of the other street hookers waiting in the motel lobby. 

 After this demonstration, there was no denying it any further. The successful business woman had reached the status of the lowest slab of street meat. She truly was just a whoremat for the other street walkers. 

 The cops drove down the junkyard's main lane before they turned a corner and disappeared behind a wall of piled car wrecks. There, they came to a halt and got out of their car. 

 Vanessa breathed a sigh of relief when fat cop unclipped the leash from her pussy rings. She had never expected a simple leash to be such a mean instrument of humiliation. In the process, the middle-aged beat officer even opened the handcuffs. 

 But he only freed one hand. The cuffs remained around Vanessa's left wrist. The next moment, he bent the ginger slut over the hood of the car. Fat cop unceremoniously opened the zipper of his pants and pulled his hard cock out. He didn't even go for any warm up. The heavyset, middle-aged beat officer simply plunged his dick into the redhead's pussy. 

 "Ooohhh!" Vanessa groaned when a cock entered her cunt. 

 After getting her fuckholes used as cash buckets, the flame-haired beauty was more than happy to finally get her pussy stuffed with some real dick. And after all the abysmal degradations she had gone through as the Hush Whore, her snatch was wet and ready. 

 Fat cop humped the red-haired hooker several minutes, pressing her body firmly against the hood of the cop car. All the while, Vanessa groaned along to each thrust up her pussy. Eventually, the heavyset guy's cock began to spurt and unloaded wad after wad of hot, sticky spunk deep into the redhead's fuck tunnel. 

 Fat cop had barely stepped to the side when young cop was over the Hush Whore. He inspected Vanessa's sloppy cunt for a few moments before he decided to go for the other sexhole. 

 "Ooouuuhhh!" the flame-haired knockout grunted when he drove his hard cock up her ass. 

 The redhead's butthole had been well prepared after getting filled with dollar bills. Still, his cock had a sizable girth that stretched her asshole wide. Young cock grabbed Vanessa's ginger hair and pulled on the hair-handle while riding her ass hard. He made her flex her back and lift her big round funbags off the car hood. Each forceful thrust of his hard shaft up her ass chute made her big fat fucktits jiggle and shake in rhythm. 

 He didn't hold out much longer than fat cop. After a few minutes, his balls were boiling over and he shot his load of cum up her bowels. 

 When young cop stepped away from the ginger slut, fat cop turned her around. He told the flame-haired knockout to reach forward with her left hand. Then he threaded the handcuffs through her legs and put them back around her left wrist. This way, Vanessa's arms were tied once again. But this time, her left arm was in her front and her right in her back. And the short chain between the cuffs ran right through her legs! 

 Done with tying the Hush Whore up, fat cop joined young cop who leaned against the car hood. They both lid a cig and puffed away in a totally relaxed manner. 

 "C'mon Hush Whore!" young cop addressed Vanessa. "Entertain us!" 

 "Come over here, gutter skank!" fat cop ordered. "Get us ready for round two!" 

 The flame-haired beauty hastily tottered over to them in her sky-high, leopard- print platform heels with her hands cuffed through her legs. When she arrived in front of them, young cop unceremoniously pushed her down onto her knees. 

 "Make yourself cum with the cuffs, fuckwhore!" he ordered harshly. 

 Vanessa meekly looked at the men from the ground. She didn't dare to protest. The prospect of making herself cum by rubbing the hard steel cuffs against her soft, sensitive pussy wasn't that promising though. 

 "Open that kisser, gutter skank!" fat cop bellowed before the flame-haired knockout had a chance to put the command into action. 

 The moment Vanessa opened her mouth she started spluttering, choking and coughing, making the most pitiful noises. Fat cop had taken a long drag on his cigarette and then flicked the ash off. He had ashed right into the redhead's open mouth! He had turned Vanessa into a human ashtray! 

 Tears shot into the ginger slut's eyes while she spit the ash onto the ground. She felt like she had reached the lowest point ever. This must have been rock bottom. She had thought it before several times. But she couldn't imagine anything lower than getting turned into a human ashtray by a mile. 

 When she looked back up, young cop was holding his cigarette above her face, ready to knock the ash off. Automatically, Vanessa behaved like a good Hush Whore and opened her mouth wide. She didn't spend a single thought on it. Her body was completely driven by her need for submission. No rational thinking was possible at the moment. 

 And a rousing surge of excitement swept down her spine. It exploded in a thousand blinding lightning bolts when it reached her pussy. Vanessa almost came when the stale, bitter ash hit her tongue. That second she knew that she perfectly fulfilled the role she was born for. She was the whore for special desires. She was the Hush Whore. 

 Like in a trance, she pulled her arms up and started pushing the cold steel chain into her leaking pussy as hard as she could. Meanwhile, she forcefully pressed her crotch downwards. She began riding the cuffs like a mad woman while the cops continued to use her as a human ashtray. She couldn't suppress the pitiful choking but it mixed with blissful groaning by now. She kept the ash in her oral trash bin so the bitter, stale taste added another degrading flavour to her arousal. Over and over, she thrust the cuffs into her snatch until she felt the tidal wave of a mind-blowing orgasm arriving. 

 The die was cast. Vanessa needed the feeling of dissonance more than anything else. When she had come to town she had reached a new high as a successful business lady. And now, she had found the counterbalance, reaching a new low as Mark's Hush Whore. He didn't even need to threaten her with telling Pavone about her whereabouts. She wanted the side job as his low street hooker. She wouldn't let the dissonance go again. 

 *The End* Report_Story 