#1 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey ****** bydawn1958© Please send your comments and suggestions as your feedback is always appreciated. 

 * 

 Susan and her family moved to the city and instantly fell in love with the friendly neighborhood. She was liked by anyone who met her and in particular the men found her overly attractive and sexy. Sue married young and virtually had no sexual experiences other than those with her childhood sweetheart, Ben, who she married. They didn't have any children and anyone who met Ben and Susan considered her a trophy wife, as she was extremely beautiful and sexy. She dressed in a very conservative manner, but always in rich and elegant clothes, which were trendy and very fashionable. 

 Every fall about the end of September, one of their neighbors hosted a block party barbeque, which was designed to welcome newcomers and also to rekindle friendships. The function was always well attended, as it was the one time a year that everyone could socialize with neighbors. The Clarks who lived only a couple doors down the block from Susan were the hosts. The family was well known for their gracious parties and Sue looked forward to meeting all of her neighbors, some of them for the first time. 

 Nadine Clark had just turned 21 and she was an only child, which was most likely the reason for her being spoiled rotten. No one could argue the fact that Nadine was overly dominating. She loved being the one in control of everything and considered herself the leader in almost every endeavor. The fact Nadine was a little shorter than average and a little smaller might have been a determining factor of her having a inferior attitude. When her friends assumed Nadine was not capable of being powerful and in control, she always proved them wrong by being the strongest and most feared. 

 Her parents thought Nadine could do no wrong and they were happy to still have her living at home. They were extremely proud of their daughter and ignored any warning signs that she might be overly domineering. When Nadine set her sights on something, she didn't let anything get in her way of achieving a goal or winning a competition. Her smaller stature deceived most people and she was in complete control before anyone knew what happened. Most of her personal relationships were with people about her own age, but she secretly vowed to some day have an intimate relationship with an older woman. 

 Nadine would look back on the planned neighborhood gathering with great fondness even though at first she wanted nothing to do with the party. She thought her parents were silly for volunteering to be hosts for the annual social event and she refused to help in any way. What made her change her mind might have been a fluke, but Nadine would always consider it one of her luckiest changes of heart. After her mother pestered her for the whole month of July, Nadine finally agreed to help with the September party. 

 The two were having coffee together one morning before Nadine went to college or her mother went to work. "Mother, I'll help with the damn party... just get off my back," Nadine complained. "You shouldn't have volunteered to host the bloody thing. It's a lot of goddamn work and you know how much I hate work." 

 "You know your dad... how he thinks he's the best Barbequer in the world," her mother replied. "It will be nice having all of the neighbors around." 

 "I'll help with arrangements... with everything until the actual party," Nadine said. "But I'm not socializing with a bunch of old farts." 

 "It will do you good to be nice to the neighbors. Pay some of them back for being nice to the spoiled princess," her mother teased Nadine. "You just have to help with all of the arrangements and setup... not with the actual day of the party." 

 When her mother mentioned that the lady who moved in recently was going to also help, Nadine knew she had made a smart decision. She remembered the first time she saw Susan. The woman was visiting her mother and the two were having coffee together when Nadine found out that Susan had moved into the neighborhood. Nadine's first impression of the woman was that Susan was the most seductive woman in the world and she vowed at the time to become the woman's mistress. 

 Nadine had several very close girlfriends and she actually preferred them to the various males she called boyfriends. There was one young man, Kenny, she considered a soulmate, but all of the others were simply friends. Nadine's desire for sex was only surpassed by her desire for power and control. She loved nothing more than demonstrating her dominance over others. One thing Nadine realized early on was that it was much easier gaining control over a girl so most of her relationships were with girlfriends. 

 Maybe it was a sign of her growing up and maturing, but Nadine decided weeks earlier that she wanted to take her sexuality to another level. After her first meeting with Susan, she immediately set her sights on gaining control over the woman who was a few years older than her. Nadine observed how Susan dressed very conservatively and she rightly assumed the woman was a little self- conscious of her luscious womanly charms. Sue was similar to many gorgeous women in that she never realized just how attractive and sexy others viewed her. 

 Nadine often tried to visualize her beautiful neighbor. The woman was about 5'10", which Nadine found truly alluring. She loved nothing more than establishing control over a taller woman, as most people assumed she was too small to be the dominating person in any relationship. Susan had tits that most women would die for and men found them titillating when she walked, as the boobs swayed slightly with each step. Sue had a very slim waist and her hips flared in a truly lithe fashion, which most men found sexy and Nadine found truly seductive. Her butt was well rounded and more supple than Sue cared for, but she reasoned it was better than having a flat ass. 

 Her legs were long and shapely, but it was her chest that garnered the most attention. That was likely because Susan's boobs were not only big, but the nipples seemed to be enlarged and erect most of the time, which seemed to show through any top she wore. Whenever Susan caught men staring at her, she always gave them a dirty look and cursed their brazen ogling even though she felt a sense of pride because she was well endowed. 

 What made Nadine really pleased with her new neighbor was how cordial and willing to please Susan seemed even with complete strangers. Nadine readily agreed to meet with her mom and Susan to do the initial planning on the upcoming party. Her mother found Nadine's insistence on preparing drinks and snacks for the meeting a little strange, but easily shrugged off her daughter's cooperation. She thought Nadine was just being a good daughter for once and never considered there might be an ulterior motive for Nadine's assistance. 

 Susan came over early that August morning. "Please sit. I have coffee on and we can have a nice chat. Mother had to run an errand downtown. She'll be back in about an hour, but we can get started," Nadine said, as she leaned over and set the cups on the table. "I've wanted to meet you since the first day you moved into our wonderful neighborhood." 

 "You must be Nadine. Your mother has told me all about you and how you're doing so well in university," Susan said, as she stared at the bare boobs. The young woman's top hung down leaving her perky tits exposed and Sue could even see the nipples, which were extremely enlarged and erect. She found the brazen exhibition very intimidating and her temperature seemed to rise about ten degrees a second until she was totally flushed. 

 Nadine didn't always go without a bra, but she decided to go for broke this time. She had selected the loosest top in her wardrobe and even practiced bending over in front of mirror to make sure her voyeurism was blatant and revealing. The biggest smile covered her face when Nadine noticed Susan's eyes riveted on her exposed chest. 

 Sue was so focused on the voyeurism that she didn't hear the woman's next words. "Do you like ogling my tits? Your tongue is hanging out of our mouth," Nadine said. 

 Not normally dumbfounded or overcome by someone, Susan merely sat motionless and allowed the young woman to take over. There was no need for Nadine to remain bent over in front of Sue yet she wanted the woman to see her boobs. "I'm sorry... so sorry. I didn't mean to... to stare," Susan whispered. 

 Nadine grinned with the utmost confidence and straightened up. "Do you have a girlfriend? Are you having sex with anyone other than your husband," she asked. 

 Susan felt like she had been kicked in the stomach. "No, gawd no. I... I'm not that way," she replied. "No girlfriend... never." 

 "The first time I saw you... I knew you were different. Knew I wanted to make love to you and be your mistress," Nadine whispered. 

 The setting was profound and right out of a love story. Nadine stood in front of her and there was a light surrounding her body, which appeared to be a premonition. The smile on Nadine's pretty face was adorable and Susan couldn't take her eyes off the young woman. "No... but... but?" Sue spoke, but she didn't know if she was trying to convince Nadine or herself. 

 Nadine completely ignored the woman's indecision and took charge. "You look tense... your muscles are all knotted and tense," she said, as she swiftly rotated around the woman. "Let me massage your neck... that always helps me and I'm an expert at relaxing massages." 

 Abruptly a conversation ensued and the two chatted like they were longtime friends. "Yes, I've been stressed lately... since the move. Meeting new friends and trying to fit in is never easy." 

 "You'll love it here." 

 "Yes, I'm sure I will... everyone is so nice." 

 "I knew you were special the first moment I saw you." 

 "Thank you... but I'm not sure..." 

 "Can I see you later... after our meeting with my mother and when you are free." 

 "I guess... I'd like that." 

 "Are you free this evening?" 

 "Well... I think so." 

 "I'd love to see you!" 

 "Well... I guess." 

 "Have you ever had a mistress?" 

 "No, oh no, gawd no." Susan had no idea what to do, as she felt totally overwhelmed by Nadine. She had never acted so foolishly in her life and couldn't understand why she seemed to be under the control of such a young woman. Because Susan was physically bigger than Nadine, she didn't feel very threatened and felt she could handle any situation. 

 Nadine stood behind the shivering woman and used her expertise to put Sue at ease. "I'm taking Kinesiology and would like to specialize in massage therapy. Here... let me massage those neck muscles and you'll feel better," she said, as her skilled fingers went to work. "I don't want mother seeing you stressed... acting like a little schoolgirl." 

 'Dear gawd, she's right. What's wrong with me? I'm acting so strange... not like myself,' Susan thought. 'Oh my, that feels so goooood. Her hands... her fingers are touching me. Oh gawd, what's wrong with me?' 

 Nadine purposely opened the neck of Sue's blouse, as much as possible, so that her fingers massaged all of the woman's bare shoulders. She glanced down the front of Sue's torso and imagined being able to feel the adorable boobs, which were heaving because of the woman's frantic breathing. 'You're so beautiful... sexy. I can't hardly wait,' Nadine thought, as she stared down at the rich rewards. 

 'Dear gawd, what's wrong with me? I should stop her... oh gawd, what would I do if she touches me,' Sue wondered? The relief was instantaneous, as Nadine massaged her neck and shoulders. Then the sound of a car entering the driveway interrupted their private session. One second she was completely relaxed and the next her heart raced a mile a minute. Nadine swiftly rotated around the seated woman and the two faced each other. Then the young woman leaned in and kissed the mature, married woman hard on the lips. 

 Their lips met and Sue tried to keep hers closed, but the pithy resistance lasted a brief moment. Nadine entwined her tongue with Sue's and she confirmed her superior control. She bent the older woman backwards in the chair and relished the intimate contact when the kiss heated up. Sue was smitten. There was something about the young woman that she couldn't resist and just the thought of being under Nadine's control was hypnotic. For the first time in her life, Susan felt totally submissive. 

 The front door opened and Nadine abruptly ended the kiss. "I'll be at your place tonight... at seven. I'm going to be your mistress... your lover," Nadine whispered. "You'll do everything I say... or else!" 

 Susan had never been obsessed with any kind of role-playing, but suddenly she felt fixated on letting the young woman be her mistress. It was too late to protest to the Nadine right now, but Sue vowed to set her straight when they met later. Sue rationalized she would meet with the girl and explain how mistaken it was for Nadine to think she was submissive and willing to submit to the young woman's dominating manner. Luckily by the time Nadine's mother came into the room, Sue had somehow regained control of herself and all of her rampant emotions. 

 *** 

 Susan had a difficult time trying to think straight and make rational decisions, as 7 o'clock approached. She wondered what the hell came over her when she willingly set up another rendezvous with her young neighbor? Feeling more apprehensive with each passing hour, her heart pounded as if she were going on a date. The grandfather clock in the living room chimed and Sue's heart skipped a beat with the announcement of the dreaded hour. She realized it was time for Nadine to arrive and she had a hard time breathing, as she expected the doorbell to ring at any second. 

 Sue had pondered long and hard over her dilemma. Knowing she had reached a decision to put an immediate stop to Nadine's seduction and dominance gave her at least a little temporary relief. She was determined to tell the young woman that she had no interest in advancing a relationship with anyone, especially another woman. When the knock sounded at the front door, Sue almost collapsed, as her legs went wobbly and weak. 

 Susan couldn't believe how quickly her courage disappeared and she found it almost impossible to walk the few steps to the door. Her hand closed on the knob and Sue thought the door was locked because the knob wouldn't turn. Suddenly the door opened and she came face to face with destiny. Susan stared at the young woman who had a devilish grin on her face and there was a deafening silence that sapped any remaining courage. 

 It was funny how fleeting seconds in a person's life can last an eternity. Susan stared into the dark, paralyzing eyes and she was powerless to move even one step. There was an evil grin on the young woman's pretty face and Sue could tell Nadine was on a mission. She felt like a coward and found it almost impossible to speak. "I... I... you look good. Please, come in... I'll show you around," Susan mumbled and realized that she was under a spell. 

 Still staring into Nadine's eyes, Sue raised her left arm and grabbed the young woman's hand, which was offered to her. She was speechless as her feet started moving and soon she was standing in the middle of the living room. Almost in a trance, she started giving the young woman a tour of her home. Sue explained how she loved decorating in an antique fashion and then they moved into the kitchen. She pointed out some of the finer points of the room before she urged her friend towards the hallway leading to the bedrooms and the rest of the house. 

 Susan managed to find her voice during the tour and even grew more relaxed, as they moved from room to room. She wasn't sure if saving the master bedroom till last was the smartest decision, but that was how things worked out. The mood seemed to change once they were both standing beside the big bed and Sue was afraid to look at the young woman. She literally stood facing the bed and didn't move when Nadine quickly rotated behind her motionless body. Soft, caring hands reached up to her tense shoulders and started massaging all of the apprehension out of her torso. 

 Sue wondered how many times her mouth opened, as if she was going to protest or say something? No words, only low moans of passion seemed to come out of her chest, as her head sort of balanced on top of her stiff neck. Sue felt the neck of her blouse being stretched and rolled down her shoulders after nimble fingers managed to unbutton the top few buttons. Her bare shoulders felt flushed and warm and then wet lips rained kisses all over the burning flesh. It seemed her heartbeat increased with each peck and each kiss until the blood was racing through her entire body. 

 Susan wasn't sure how long she could remain standing. She felt the bottom of her blouse being pulled out of her pants and without any hesitation the garment was stripped from her body. Sue desperately yearned to turn around and face the She-Devil, but knew it wasn't the smartest reaction to the young woman's seduction. Suddenly a dainty hand rolled the bra out of the way and cupped one of her tits. The nipple was precariously pinched between the strong fingertips and the precious bud was stretched and elongated to almost twice the normal size. Sue merely moaned and gasped for more air, as she stood absolutely still. 

 It was time to act and not react; yet her brain refused to work, as her body willingly cooperated. Susan didn't even know how the rest of her clothes were removed. There were no words spoken, merely motions and signals from the powerful young woman to indicate what she wanted. All of a sudden Sue was standing on wobbly legs and a brazen hand was between her velvety thighs. The skilled fingers slithered through the vast wetness and instantly seized her spirit. 

 Susan had heard that it was possible to become overly aroused even if a woman was standing and in the right situation, an orgasm was possible. Suddenly soft lips nibbled at her ear and the hottest breath washed across the side of her face. "No, no, Sue! Please, not yet," Nadine whispered, as she squeezed hard. Then she yanked the tiny pearl out of the puffy hideaway and twirled the bud around vigorously between her fingers. "I knew the first time I saw you... knew you were a slut. You're cumming like a slut!" 

 The last thing in the world Susan wanted was an orgasm, but her stomach was already convulsing wildly and out of control. She couldn't stop her hips from thrusting madly at the young woman's fingers and she gasped out loud, as the womanly juices flowed freely out of her belly. "No, no, please Nadine, please stop," she pleaded. "I beg you." 

 Nadine used her teeth to get the woman's complete attention. "I love hearing you beg," she hissed. 

 "No... no, I'm not." 

 Nadine twirled the clit around and around as fast as she could. "You're cumming... like a slut." 

 "Please, gawd no... please stop." 

 "Keep begging... I love hearing my slut beg." 

 "No, no... no." 

 "Dear lord, my sexy, gorgeous slut is cumming... creaming all over my fingers," Nadine whispered. "Keep that pretty ass moving... squirming all over. Cum for Mistress... cum for Mistress!" 

 Susan couldn't remember being so out of control. She desperately wanted to prolong the wonderful sensations yet her body refused to listen. Her legs were pressed tightly together, but the crafty young woman still found enough space to royally molest the throbbing clitoris. Each time her clitty slipped between the skilled fingertips, Susan secreted more womanly juices until lewd slurping sounds filled the room. 

 Her head rolled backwards and rested on the shorter woman's shoulder. Susan couldn't imagine a more shameless scene, as she experienced the most explosive orgasm of her life. She didn't think it was possible to climax while in a standing position, but the assumption was swiftly dispelled, as severe convulsions roared through her stomach. Much to Sue's horror, the sly young woman rotated her body and pushed her head forward so that she stared straight into a large mirror, which displayed the wicked lust. Sue was powerless. She stared at the blatant fingertips, as they rolled the slippery clitty around, and noticed her feet were apart enough to expose her crotch to the world. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey ****** bydawn1958© Susan's chest heaved and her tits bounced up and down wildly. Nadine's left hand cupped the underside of one of her boobs and sort of offered the luscious tit to an imaginary onlooker. The young woman's fingers squeezed the prized nipple as hard as she could and felt the surging blood gush through the swollen gem. The everlasting orgasm consumed Susan's emotions and rational thinking, as she felt helpless and overly submissive, which was what Nadine wanted. 

 Sue was distraught and crushed after the mind-blowing climax. She didn't resist and wound up on the bed and in the comforting arms of the young woman who despite her diminutive stature was overpowering. Ten minutes, twenty minutes, or thirty minutes had transpired and already one memorable orgasm finished and another was on the horizon. Tender lips rained kisses all over her face, neck and arms and it was impossible to think straight. Sue lifted her head briefly, but then Nadine kissed her hard on the lips. 

 The heated embrace quickly turned feverish. Nadine rolled on top of her upper torso and used the French kiss to demonstrate her passion. The young woman was overly aroused and definitely the aggressor, as her hands roamed freely up and down the front of Sue's torso. Her kiss left Susan panting and too out of breath to realize she was merely a sex toy for the overpowering young woman who demanded one more surrender before satisfying her own sexual needs. 

 Nadine's tongue left a wet trail down the slender neck and all over the velvety shoulders. When she teased and tortured Sue's boobs with her skilled tongue, Susan rolled her chest from one side to the other, but she couldn't gain freedom from Nadine's tormenting. Nadine coated one entire boob with saliva but refused to actually caress the enlarged nipple. Then she seized the nipple with her teeth and stretched the bud until she heard the desired response from her slave. 

 Her precious jewel throbbed madly and Susan wanted to stop the young woman. She put her hands on Nadine's shoulders and tried to push, but her struggle was halted in a split second. The razor sharp teeth closed hard and Sue uttered a scream of agony, which put an instant stop to her protest. Her one nipple was on fire and then the devious young woman nibbled the other, which resulted in a complete collapse of Sue's resistance. 

 Susan dropped her hands and desperately grabbed onto the soft blanket on top of her marital bed, as her fingers curled into the bedding. Nadine devoured one of her throbbing nipples and molested the other with her careless fingers. Her other hand caressed the front of Sue's shivering body and her fingers left lingering tracks all over the burning flesh. Nadine played with the woman's tummy and she chuckled when Sue's stomach heaved up and down, as she finger- fucked the bellybutton. 

 The seduction was progressing exactly as planned. Nadine teased and threatened and then her right hand slithered between the milky thighs. She rested her long middle finger over top of the pulsating clitoris and rubbed hard on the sensitive morsel, which caused Sue's hips to thrash across the bed. Releasing the tender nipple, Nadine stretched up and whispered. "Please wait this time... don't cream. I want to hold you." 

 "Dear gawd, please don't... don't touch me like that," Susan pleaded, as the experienced finger rolled her clitty in the slippery oil. 

 "Hold still... please hold still," Nadine whispered. She rolled on top of Sue and thrust her knee between Sue's thighs to hold them apart. 

 Susan tried to close her legs but the scheming young woman shoved her entire leg between them. "No, no, please don't touch me there," she begged. 

 Nadine put her fingers on each side of the twitching clit and squeezed. "Let me hold you... embrace you," she whispered and yanked the clit out of the soaked pussy-lips. "Let's hold each other." 

 Susan was helpless and she wrapped her arms around the controlling young woman. She tried with everything inside of her to hold still and not move a muscle, which was the biggest mistake. "No... don't, please don't. Oh gawd, when you touch me... geez, oh geez." 

 Nadine used two fingers and her thumb to spin the delicate clitty vigorously around and around. "Your body... you're so sexy and beautiful. I want to hold you... feel your body pressing into mine," she said. "Please wait... not yet." 

 Sue tried to keep up with the spinning fingers, as her hips rotated in tune with the molestation. "Oh geez, oh geez," she moaned. "Stop... or... or!" 

 No woman alive could withstand what Nadine was doing, as she refused to pause or loosen her grip on the tender clitoris. She stared at the gorgeous face, which was twisted and etched with agony, and imagined the prized reward of having the sexiest woman as her slave. Nadine loved nothing more than dominating someone like Susan who people considered powerful and influential. What made the domination even sweeter was how willingly Susan acted and how easily the older woman succumbed to her control. 

 Nadine pushed her perky tits into Sue's chest and decided the time had come. She molested the clitty and pinched as hard as she could. She licked tears from the side of Sue's face. "Do you want to cum... cum for Mistress?" 

 "Oh gawd, yes... gawd yes," Susan replied, as her hips went out of control. 

 Nadine thought about giving Sue a good finger-fucking, but wisely decided that the expert clitoris stimulation was enough, as the womanly cream flowed freely. The woman's hips were about a half a second behind the clever clit molestation. Every time Sue retreated and pulled her hips backwards, Nadine yanked and jerked on the delicate bud until the hips thrust wildly at her hand. "Cum my love... cum for Mistress!" 

 *** 

 After two intoxicating orgasms, Susan didn't think anything else could leave a lasting impression. She collapsed in the young woman's arms, as the last tremor raked her body, and listened. "It's time. You can show Mistress what a loyal slave you are," Nadine whispered. "Make love to me... show me your love." 

 "I... I don't know what to do," Sue whispered. "I've never done it... done anything with a woman." 

 "I've waited... wanted you since the first time I saw you." 

 Susan was enthralled by the young woman's confession, but she didn't have time to think, as Nadine rolled onto her back. Suddenly she was staring at the perkiest tits. The mounds were shaped like cones and stood unmoving above the young woman's heaving chest. The areoles and nipples were profound. Susan studied the womanly features and marveled at how puffy the ends appeared and how the nipples were enormous in size because they were swollen. 

 Sue never dreamed she would touch another woman let alone make love to her. Her eyes got bigger and bigger, as the controlling young woman forced her head downward. Sue was going to kiss the titty, but all of a sudden one of the hardened nipples was inside her mouth. She used her tongue to roll the enlarged bud around and listened intently to the loud moans and groans of animal desire coming from Nadine. When she opened her mouth wide, her teeth reached the outer edges of the overly puffy areoles and resulted in louder cries of joy from the young woman. 

 Out of the blue Susan got the urge to tease and torment her young lover. She used her teeth in a biting fashion on the entire areola and then she nibbled on the erect nipples until they were overly inflamed. Sue couldn't believe how arousing it was to suck and nibble on the young woman's tits and she found the experience extremely titillating. Suddenly she was in-charge and relished having control over the irresistible Nadine who seemed more like a little girl than the overpowering woman of earlier. 

 Her head moved from one perky tit to the other trying to keep both nipples fully stimulated. Susan didn't have to decide when to advance the seduction, as Nadine's hands guided her head downward. Nadine had waited all evening, but now she was desperate. She freed her captive nipple from the sharp teeth and pushed Sue's head down the front of her torso. When the head reached her tummy, Nadine forced the hot mouth on top of her quivering bellybutton. 

 Not knowing what else to do, Sue lashed out with her tongue and caused severe convulsion to erupt inside the young woman's stomach. She licked the tiny hole many times and then jabbed her tongue into the indent until the young woman squirmed around on the bed. Things happened fast and furious. When her face moved across the bare tummy and hit the baby-like pelvis, Susan was utterly amazed by the shaven pussy. She couldn't move and stared in awe at the clearly defined labia and at the clean-shaven crotch. 

 Susan often thought about doing something bold and brazen like shaving herself, but she never got the courage to actually do it. Suddenly her lips grazed the bald skin and goosebumps formed all over her face and down her arms. Sue had experimented in college with kissing and fondling, but never actually had sex with another woman. She noticed the delicate labia-petals sort of open up and then her tongue licked a path through the immense wetness. 

 Each tongue stroke started at the bottom of the pink slit and lashed upward until raking across the throbbing clitoris. Sue used her fingers to separate the pussy-lips and hold them wide-open so the clit was fully exposed. She sucked her first clitty and found the temptation to nibble on the bud too irresistible. When she held the clit between her teeth and sucked hard on the mass inside her burning mouth, the resultant scream from the young woman was music to her ears. 

 Susan didn't have to think, as she merely responded to the alluring sexual urges. She didn't know if it was one minute or ten minutes but eventually Nadine's' hips thrust wildly all around on the bed. Sue let go of the puffy labia and thrust one finger into the unprotected opening, as she initialed a royal finger-fucking. It turned into a game, as Nadine tried to escape the cunnilingus and fingering, but Susan refused to let up or give the young woman any reprieve. 

 The ecstatic orgasm erupted inside Nadine and she welcomed the rare chance to climax while she was not the one in control. Her fingers entwined in Susan's long hair and held the head buried in her wanton crotch. Sue performed an admirable cunnilingus and her tongue never stopped bashing the clitty around and around. When Nadine's hips slowed and fell back onto the bed, Sue was a little sad that the fantastic orgasm was ending. 

 Both women were utterly exhausted and Nadine knew it was time to end the glorious evening before Susan's husband came home. Although Ben wasn't expected for at least a couple of hours, Nadine didn't want to get caught in bed with the man's wife. "I should go... before your husband comes home," she said, as she got out of bed. She started dressing and kept staring at Sue who remained on the bed. The blankets were strewn all over and Nadine savored the woman's naked beauty, which she admired and worshiped. 

 The last thing in the world Susan imagined was sleeping with another woman. She watched Nadine get dressed and realized for the first time in her life that she was under the control of someone. Although she loved her husband, this was different. Sue felt submissive and willing to do whatever Nadine demanded or asked of her. "Yes... Ben will be home soon," she whispered. 

 "I have something special planned... something for you," Nadine said. 

 Susan stared at the young woman and nodded her head. She listened intently when Nadine told her about next weekend. The young woman asked Sue to make arrangement to spend all day Saturday with her. She was to tell her husband that the two women would spend the entire day making final plans and preparations for the September neighborhood party. A tremendous shiver went up and down her backbone, as Sue envisioned spending time with the young woman and being totally under her control. 

 *** 

 The setting was perfect. Her parents were away for the weekend and Nadine had the house all to herself. She had the big master bedroom staged and setup for the most anticipated sexual encounter of her life. Arranging for Susan to join her was easy, as she simply ordered her slave to come over at 8 o'clock. Nadine said nothing about what was going to happen and relished having the woman worry and fret because the unknown was so demoralizing. She knew Susan well and realized the woman was too infatuated with their relationship to jeopardize losing her newfound mistress. 

 Nadine stood so close that Susan felt the young woman's hot breath wash over her flushed face. Her cheeks got hotter and hotter by the second and she found it almost impossible to catch her breath, as the young woman glared into her eyes. "You're my slave... you'll do what I say, or else," Nadine whispered. "We're going to take off your clothes... then have my boyfriend come in and have sex with you." 

 "Huuugh... noooo... no, not with a man. I can't," Sue said in a voice that was almost inaudible. "I can't cheat on my husband... with another man." 

 They stood along one wall of the big bedroom and Nadine moved closer to her frightened prey. "Stand still and obey. Do you want to make me mad?" 

 "No, no... but?" 

 "Then stand still... very still." Nadine's fingers went to work undoing the expensive designer blouse. "Oh yes, we're going to strip your clothes and get you naked... naked so Kenny can make you a real woman," she teased. 

 "Oh no, not with a man, please no," Susan pleaded. She raised her arms and grabbed the young woman's hands. It was the last mistake Sue would make with Nadine, as the young villain displayed the reason she was a feared dominator. She grabbed her by the wrist and swiftly twisted her arm down and around to her back, yanking her hand upwards until it was at her shoulder blade. Sue virtually had to stand on her tiptoes to alleviate the pain in her arm and she trembled like crazy, as the young woman displayed her superior strength. 

 Susan was too afraid to resist and merely tried to remain standing even though her legs vibrated out of control. She glanced down at the nimble fingers, which slowly unbuttoned the blouse and rolled the garment off her shoulders. Nadine let go of her arm for a brief moment and swiftly stripped the blouse before pinning the arm behind Sue's back again. A fancy bra pushed up her abundant breasts and Sue was positive her flesh was on fire. Then her heart must have missed a few beats because she suddenly felt light-headed and slightly dizzy. 

 Nadine glanced at the spillover, which was enough to give anyone a heart attack. She grabbed the clasp and then flung the bra across the room, as Sue held her breath. "Dear Lord, Kenny's going to blow his load when he sees these beauties," Nadine said. "Have you had sex with many men?" 

 Sue felt sorry for blurting out a response, which indicated she was immature and very inexperienced. "No! Gawd no, never! Only with my husband." 

 Nadine was in her face again and her eyes stared intently, straight into hers. "Good, then we'll watch you become a real slut." 

 "No, I can't." 

 "Oh, you will. Kenny is going to fuck your brains out." 

 "Please, no. Nadine, you can't." 

 "Have you ever been fucked by a big cock... a real big cock?" 

 "No... gaaaawd, no... not sex." 

 "Kenny is hung like a horse. I can hardly wait to watch you become his slut." 

 "Oh, no... no." 

 "Do you ever dream of getting screwed by a real man... a man like Kenny with a big cock?" Nadine was at her best when in control and she continued. "Do you dream of getting fucked by a stranger?" 

 Susan wasn't going to answer, but then Nadine grabbed a handful of hair. The young woman jerked her head back and forth, indicating she answer immediately, or she would yank all the hair out of her head. "No... YES! Gawd, yes." 

 "Do you dream of sex?" 

 "Sometimes, yes... oh please, don't make me. I've never been unfaithful... cheated with another man." 

 "Are you going to be Kenny's slut?" 

 She didn't blink or look away and returned the burning stare. "Nnnnn... no. Yes... yes." 

 Nadine jerked on the woman's hair. "Say it... say how you want to be Kenny's slut." 

 "Please... please, no. Don't make me." 

 "Say it or I'll make sure every pervert in the city... in the state knows that Susan is a slut. I'll plaster your naked ass all over the net so everyone can see. I'll tell your husband... your family how we made love." 

 "No, you can't... no." 

 "Say it!" 

 "I'm... I'm a slut... Kenny's slut." 

 "You want Kenny's big cock!" 

 "I want Kenny's cock... big cock." 

 "You're going to fuck Kenny... cream all over his cock. 

 "I... I'm going to let Kenny fuck me," Sue whispered and then her head banged into the wall, as Nadine yanked on her hair. "Cream all over his big cock... oh gawd, have sex with Kenny." 

 "Again, say it again!" Nadine wrapped her fingers tighter in the locks of hair and jerked Sue's head back and forth, demanding the desired reply. 

 "Cream all over Kenny's big cock," Susan whispered, as she realized any further struggle was futile. 

 The bedroom door opened and closed within the span of a millisecond. Susan stood motionless, as if waiting for something monumental to happen, and she was too afraid to look towards the door. They were standing against a wall and Nadine swiftly escorted her across the dimly lit room to the big bed. Nadine backed up to the bed and then sat on the edge while forcing the frightened woman to stand in front of her. 

 The hair on the back of Susan's neck stood up and she felt someone approaching from behind. Hot searing breath washed across the side of her face and then rough hands grabbed her around the waist. "That's one sexy ass... I hope the front is just as sexy. Nadine has bragged that you have the nicest tits." Sue knew it was Kenny and when his hands shifted around to her tummy, her heart stopped. The young man quickly unfastened her pants and left the front gapping wide open. 

 Susan tried to remain calm and on her feet. She was captive between an overly dominating lady and an aggressive young man. Nadine's face was inches in front of her and the woman's hands boldly rolled the loosened pants over her flared hips. "Kenny's horny as hell," she whispered. "Let's get these clothes off so Kenny can see your gorgeous ass and sweet pussy." 

 Nadine let go of the pants and grabbed Sue by the arms, holding them outstretched in front of the panicked woman. She leaned backwards, which pulled Sue forward and forced the woman to practically lie on top of her stomach, as her feet remained firmly planted on the floor. Kenny took full advantage of her vulnerable position and he finished removing her pants in a flash, tossing them across the room. "Sweet fuck, what an ass... what a fucking nice ass," he moaned. 

 Susan lifted her head and pleaded with her dear friend. "Oh gawd, Nadine, no. Ask him to stop... please stop," she begged. 

 Her legs were completely straight and too rigid to move, as she felt the last remaining garment swiftly ripped off her body. Nadine let go of her arms, but by then Sue was already pinned on top of the young woman. Suddenly there were sadistic fingers in her crotch and the young woman boldly cupped her pelvis. The juices ran freely and Nadine had one thing in mind, as her fingers slipped into the vast wetness. "Sweet Jesus... I've never felt a wetter cunt. I think you're the horniest housewife who can hardly wait for Kenny's cock," she whispered. 

 Sue's body jerked wildly when the cunning young woman pinched the most sensitive clitoris between her fingers. "Please Nadine, please don't... don't do that." 

 Nadine nodded her head and gave the go ahead to her boyfriend. Susan's heart stopped when the young man brushed up against her backside and it was obvious he wasn't wearing clothes. Kenny's raging hardon pushed directly into the crack of her ass and he wiggled his hips until the entire shaft was inside the ass- crack. "Can you feel it... feel Kenny pushing his cock against your ass," Nadine asked? Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey ****** bydawn1958© Susan heard the disgusting comments, but something else was overly bothersome. Nadine surrounded her precious clitty with her thumb and forefinger and squeezed. Then the young woman yanked the bud out of the protective lips and swirled it around and around. Sue tried hard to hold her legs together yet nothing prevented Nadine from ravaging her defenseless clit. The young woman's laugh sent shivers up and down her spine, as Sue realized she was at the mercy of the two friends. 

 Kenny and Nadine worked together. With Nadine sprawled on the bed, it was easy for the young woman to use her knees to spread Susan's legs. Kenny slipped his foot between Susan's feet and knocked them apart about one foot. There was urgency inside of Susan that was very unfamiliar and she had a difficult time controlling her breathing and heart rate, as Kenny dipped his hips. The young man shrewdly shoved his hardon into the back of her legs and the rod sliced between her velvety upper thighs. 

 The smoldering cock felt unbelievably hot and also extremely big when it settled directly against her pussy slit. Susan thought she had been stabbed, as the devious young woman slyly pushed her boyfriends cock-shaft into the overheated crevice. Nadine pinned Sue's upper torso half on top of hers and half on the bed. Susan tried to talk or at least utter some protest, but nothing came out, as the head of the invader hit her delicate opening. Sue realized that any movement would spell the end of her struggle and she tried hard to remain motionless. 

 Everyone imagined Susan's precarious position. Her long legs were rigid and straight with her hips as high in the air as possible. Sue's defenseless crotch was at an angle and aimed directly back at her tormentor. Just as she attempted a recovery by pushing up with her arms so that her chest was above the bed, something disastrous happened. Her naked body was covered with sweat and sort of hung in the air, as an animal desire or lust took over. 

 Kenny felt the intense heat surround the tip of his pecker, but he wasn't satisfied. Sue's entire body stiffened and she was powerless when the manly hips drove forward. She couldn't phantom anything going in so fast or so deep. Kenny slammed his hips at her backside and his pelvis slapped against her bare ass. Her eyes bulged and her mouth hung open in great despair. Susan struggled to breathe and she realized there was something very different about Kenny. Although she hadn't actually seen his penis, Sue knew the young man was measurably bigger than her husband. 

 The young man pulled back and withdrew his thick cock. His fingers dug into her slim waist and then he administered a mighty thrust, embedding his cock to the hilt. Again Sue couldn't breathe and her mouth hung wide open. Kenny squeezed her waist and tried to hold his cock fully embedded. "Oh babe, I have to do it... I can't wait," he moaned. "She's too hot... too tight and my balls are aching." 

 "I want her to act like a slut. You promised!" 

 "Don't worry. I took that pill and can do it again and again... till your little slut cums all over my prick." 

 "Good... I want our dear Susie to get royally fucked." 

 "Oh babe, she will. She'll get fucked... you'll watch her cream all over my dick. First I have to relieve the pressure and blow my fucking load into her tight girlie-cunt." 

 "Yes, fuck yes! Fuck her and make her your slut," Nadine ordered. 

 "Christ, my balls... my balls are hurtin!" 

 There was no need to hold onto Susan anymore and Nadine simply enjoyed her boyfriend's savage intercourse. Kenny started pounding his hips at Sue and pumping his cock in an out like a madman. Nadine knew the exact moment he blasted his manly load into her slave, as Kenny grunted out loud and his body started vibrating like crazy. Nadine could only imagine what Sue felt. Her body rocked back and forth and each time Kenny thrust forward, he emptied more of his searing cum into her womanly being. 

 The intercourse didn't last very long, but it was very dramatic. Kenny displayed the look of a conqueror when he climaxed, and Susan exhibited the signs of a distraught teenager, as her body was manhandled by the enraged young man. Nadine knew exactly how to satisfy her hunger for power and control. Once her boyfriend finished climaxing, she instructed him to get on the bed and lie on his back. She ordered him to do nothing, as she had everything planned for the shrewd humiliation. 

 Susan stared at the stellar cock for the first time. Her visualization of what Kenny's penis looked like couldn't prepare her for the real picture of his oversized cock. The young man's prick stood at an angle above his hairy pelvis and his balls hung down almost to his asshole. Sue couldn't blink or look away because she still felt the impressive cock inside her intimate being. What she found profound was how he retained a raging hardon even after the prior sex affair. 

 Susan's focus was on the intimidating man when her concentration was broken. "Get on top of Kenny. Sit on top of him," Nadine ordered. 

 "But... but?" Sue stared at the bobbing penis and she was too afraid to move. 

 Suddenly Nadine grabbed her arm and cleverly moved it until her hand rested on the throbbing meat. Susan never intended opening her hand but somehow her fist closed around the massive shaft. "You're going to hold Kenny's cock and then put his rod in your belly," Nadine said. 

 Sue felt an intense throbbing radiate up her arm, as the blood rushed through Kenny's hardon with each heartbeat. "Oh... not again, please Nadine, not again," she pleaded. 

 "I want to watch you fuck yourself... sit on Kenny's cock and fuck yourself." 

 "No, gawd no, I can't." 

 "Oh you will... or else. Do you want to make me mad?" 

 The threat seemed real and Susan realized that the young woman was in complete control. "Oh gawd... oh gawd." 

 Whether she wanted to or not, her body was pulled onto the bed and shifted around until she was sitting on top of Kenny's lower legs. She quickly let go of the penis and tried to sit up straight, as she curled her legs under her body. They were on the big bed and the young woman swiftly took charge. Nadine grabbed Sue under the arms and pushed the woman forward so that her crotch was perilously close to the throbbing hardon. "I didn't say you could let go of Kenny's cock. Now you'll be punished." 

 Susan was on her knees over top of the man's crotch and she had a knee on each side of Kenny's hips. She couldn't raise her hips any higher and knew they weren't high enough. When the head of Kenny's cock brushed across her tender crotch, she almost fainted. Sue tried harder to stretch higher, but her thighs were only so long. Kenny had his right fist around his cock and he swiped the head through the vast wetness, pausing deliberately at the precise moment. 

 Kenny felt his penis enter the small opening and he held his hips stationary for an eternity. He knew it was possible to drive his cock into Susan yet he wanted his girlfriend's slave to suffer so he remained still. "C'mon baby... sit on it. Sit on my cock, baby," he whispered. 

 "Oh gawd, no, stop," Sue begged, trying to raise her hips higher. 

 Nadine was in her glory. She kissed the side of Sue's face and her cheeks, as the woman's face got hotter and hotter. Then she slapped the sides of Sue's tits and put the luscious boobs into severe motion, causing them to sway like waves on a rough sea. Nadine put her lips next to a burning ear. "Grab your gorgeous tits... grab your nipples and swing them around for Kenny," she demanded. 

 Susan didn't know what else to do. Her shaking fingers grabbed the ends of her tits. Sue squeezed the nipples to ensure a secure grip and then she rotated her hands in a big circular motion. Afraid to make the young woman mad, Sue went overboard. She pinched the swollen buds so hard that they hurt and all she managed was some pathetic whimpering, which was music to Nadine's ears. "Ooohhh, oh gawd... uuuggghhh, ugh, gaaawd." 

 It was time! Nadine grabbed a handful of hair and jerked the woman's head backwards, so that Sue stared straight up at the ceiling. "It's time slut... time you acted like a slut," she whispered. 

 Susan felt the girl's hands on the top of her shoulders. The fingertips dug into her flesh and then Nadine pushed downward with the mightiest shove. Sue's mouth flew open and all the air was forced out of her chest, as the ramrod embedded in her fiery belly. Susan was positive Kenny's entire cock was inside her soul, which caused her temporary insanity. Each time her stomach muscles contracted and went into convulsions, she tried to stop the onrushing orgasm. 

 Susan's struggles actually prolonged the impending climax and without thinking her body started bouncing up and down. The glorious sight of her molesting her own tits added to Nadine and Kenny's enjoyment, as Sue yanked on the overused nipples. Nadine assisted in the self-defiling and she aided Sue with each bounce and rebound, which ensured Kenny's illustrious cock pumped in and out at a hurried rate. 

 Nadine ingeniously pressed downward on Susan's shoulders and wouldn't allow the woman any upward motion. Suddenly Sue's hips rocked back and forth and she knew she couldn't take much more. Each time her hips rolled over top of the lengthy penis, Susan felt the head caress her cervix and every nerve inside her inner being. The only person who seemed in a hurry was Susan, as her body continued rocking and thrashing in a truly random fashion. 

 Nobody had to tell Nadine or Kenny that Susan was experiencing a gigantic orgasm, as her body language screamed out the whole story. The time had arrived and Nadine relished the power. She slapped Sue's hands off the robust tits and pinned the woman's arms behind her back. This forced Sue's chest outward and Kenny instantly latched onto the obviously shipwrecked boobs. He cupped both tits and tried to squeeze an enlarged nipple between his fingers, as he powered his hips high in the air. 

 Strangely her hips wouldn't stop moving or rolling back and forth. The orgasm robbed the last thread of decency and Susan welcomed the climax of her life. Her womanly juices coated the big cock and suddenly the added lubrication spelled the final surrender. Nadine put her sharp teeth around her ear and hissed. "Slut... slut... slut!" 

 "Gaaawd... gaaawd...yes, gawd yes." 

 "Move that sexy ass, baby. Keep my cock buried in your guts." 

 "Slut... you're cumming all over Kenny's cock like a slut." 

 "Noooo... noooo!" 

 "Baby, what a set of tits. Fuck... your tits are the best." 

 "Slut... holy fuck, my slut loves cock... big cock." 

 Just when she thought the end was near, Susan felt the young man's crotch gyrate wildly under her thrashing hips. "Gaaawd, no... gawd no." 

 "She's a bitch... a big slut fucking me like a whore." 

 "I've never seen a slut cum so hard. She can't get enough cock." 

 Their dirty talk didn't matter. Sue's orgasm flourished and seemed to last forever. The out of control emotional roller coaster roared around the last bend and slowly came to a stop with her body dripping with sweat. She was both saddened when the climax ended yet happy that she was almost free. Her body collapsed on top of the spent young man and nobody moved for the longest time. Sadly Nadine understood the evening had to end at some point because Susan had a husband waiting at home, but she wanted it to be on her terms. 

 As her heartbeat slowed and returned to normal, Susan never resisted when her body was shifted and jostled around. She wound up on her side and in the arms of her mistress. "I know you have to go soon, but we still have time," Nadine whispered. "Time for more." 

 Sue realized the young woman was talking about another sexual session, but she tried not to get demoralized. "I do have to go... my husband expects me home," she replied. 

 "You said midnight and we still have an hour. One hour to prove you're a slut... my willing slut," Nadine said. 

 "But... but it's late," Sue whispered. 

 "Kenny wants to watch you... watch us," Nadine replied. "He wants to watch lesbians. I've told him how I love having sex with another woman." 

 "I've done everything... all you've asked of me. Please, let me go," Sue begged. 

 "You know how I love it when you beg. I get hot... hotter when you beg," Nadine said, as she moved forward. "Kenny is going to watch you eat me and then he's going to fuck his little doggie-slut." 

 "What... what, no," Sue whispered. 

 "Oh yeah, I can't take any more. Watching you act like a slut has made me hot. First I'm going to lick your horny pussy," Nadine said. "Then you're going to eat my hot cunt and make me cum all over your slut-tongue." 

 "Gawd, no," Sue replied. 

 "Oh yeah, then you're going to make Kenny nice and hard... suck his big cock," Nadine whispered. 

 "Dear gawd, no," Sue moaned. 

 "Oh yeah, suck his cock and then you're going to get on your hands and knees... Kenny's goin' to bang you from behind," Nadine informed the shocked woman. "You're going to be his little doggie-slut, as he sends you home with a belly full of cum." 

 A kiss started before Sue could move away or escape the embrace. Nadine showed a rare urgency, which Susan found intimidating, and it didn't take the young woman long to show who was in-charge. She rolled Sue onto her back and used the intimate kiss to take her breath away. The kiss grew heated and the scene was similar to one on a dark lovers' lane where a woman got groped and fondled freely, as she tried to stop an unwanted assault. 

 Kenny watched his girlfriend in awe. When Nadine asked him if he wanted to witness a real lesbian encounter, he readily agreed. Kenny trusted Nadine and loved the fact she was freely open with her sexual orientation. He believed her when she said having sex with a woman was truly fantastic and that she used each sexual encounter to reaffirm her power and authority. Nadine told Kenny that she preferred men, but also enjoyed sex with women because of her ability to dominate most women. 

 Susan was amazed by her willingness to accept the newfound sexuality. She glanced down at the young woman's head, which was on her chest and directly over her left boob. Sue's shoulders rolled back and forth, as the scorching mouth devoured her delicate nipple, and she wondered what had come over her. Her hips squirmed on the bed and she tried to keep her legs together, but it was a futile attempt to save dignity. Suddenly Nadine's head swooped downward and the young woman's tongue left a wet trail of seduction across her burning flesh. 

 Susan's eyes opened wide and she plainly noticed Nadine's tongue each time it lashed out to rake the length of her pussy-slit. The caresses were shear magic and every time the young woman licked her clitoris, Sue felt daunting tremors shot through her loins. Then Nadine put the tiny clit between her teeth and Sue held her breath, in anticipation of something she knew was irresistible. She stared at her crotch and watched Nadine nibble on her elastic bud. 

 There was a hand on each of her thighs and the young woman spread them as wide as possible. Suddenly her clitty disappeared and Sue felt Nadine swirling the clit around vigorously inside her volcanic mouth. She prayed for strength and everything was going good until she felt something touch her ass. Susan flinched when Nadine's finger grazed her precious asshole and then a million stars filled her head. The finger goosed her and went to the hilt in one swift thrust. 

 Susan teetered on the brink and she thought an orgasm was inevitable, but she was wrong. Her eyes were glassy and it was hard to focus on what was happening. Through the haze, Sue noticed Nadine moving, as the young woman stopped molesting her. Her breathing was extremely ragged and Sue watched in horror when Kenny handed his girlfriend a tray, which was full of assorted items. 

 "Let's make our little girl more desirable," Nadine whispered, as she lifted a razor off of the tray. "I'm going to shave all of that dirty hair and send my slave home looking sexier than ever." 

 Susan came to her senses, but it was too late. She sat up just as Kenny pinned her arms behind her back. "Sit still and watch. Your mistress is going to shave your slut-pussy," Kenny said. "Nadine likes her bitches pretty and bald... then she eats them out and makes them cum like sluts." 

 Although Susan pondered the possibility of shaving, she never imagined it happening because the thought was too preposterous. Suddenly her legs were splayed and the young woman sat between them so it was impossible to protect herself. The razor was sharp and Nadine was a professional. In a matter of minutes, Sue was completely shaven and her pelvis and crotch was a brilliant rosy color. 

 When Nadine tossed the razor aside after finishing the illustrious task, she dove at the hairless delights. She put her fingers on the labia and spread them wide, as she devoured the exposed clitoris. Nadine wanted the session to be the fastest and crudest of all time. She held the clit firmly with her teeth and tried to swallow the entire mass that was inside her mouth. The assault turned into a two fisted attack when she rammed one finger into the fiery pussy and one into the tightly puckered asshole. 

 Susan screamed and her ass came off the bed, as her whole body went rigid. She never experienced a royal cunnilingus and a dual fingerfucking at the same time. The orgasm was explosive and a river of cum flowed from her inner reservoir to fill the hungry mouth, as the powerful Nadine ravaged her pussy and ass. What made the climax even more demoralizing was Kenny holding her arms and yelling into her ear. "Cum slut... keep cumming like a slut, as Nadine fucks your horny cunt," he said. "Then our dear slut is going to get fucked... doggie fucked." 

 The earth-rattling orgasm consumed her emotions and she was totally spent when the final spasms rocked her body. Susan realized what her mistress demanded and it took all of her resolve to reciprocate. Both Kenny and Nadine rolled and shifted her body until she was on her knees and crouched between the young woman's spread legs. Susan stared at Nadine's shaved crotch, but she didn't have time to wonder if her freshly shaved pussy looked the same, as her face was shoved into the inferno. 

 Although the thought of performing cunnilingus right in front of Kenny was frightening, Susan complied with the daunting request. Nadine's body was alive and responded immediately to every caress and embrace. When Sue lashed her tongue through the soaked slit, the young woman's hips bounced up and down trying to prolong each lick. A flood of womanly juices leaked from the honey- hole and Sue eagerly tried to suck them all up with an uncommon thirst. 

 Nadine was more than ready for an orgasm, as the prior sexual encounters robbed her enduring stamina. She welcomed Sue's hot mouth and wished the woman would remain between her legs forever. Susan sort of dropped to her tummy, as she paid homage to her mistress, but Kenny grabbed her around the waist. He yanked Sue into the perfect doggie position and nudged her knees apart. The position enabled Sue to retain a good balance on her knees but left her extremely exposed. Then the young man crouched behind her bare buttocks and Sue shivered, knowing she was in the most vulnerable position. 

 Kenny tightened his fingers on each side of her slender waist and his firm grip caused Susan great despair, as she felt helpless. The young man poked her in the crotch. Kenny threatened to hit the target, as he stabbed her narrow crevice over and over until her heart beat out of control. When the flared head pierced her wet opening, Susan lifted her head and twisted her upper body so she could look back at Kenny. "No... no, I have to go. It's midnight... I'll be late," she pleaded. 

 A thousand things went through her mind, as she stared at the naked young man whose muscles were plainly visible on his arms and chest. Her mouth hung open and she was going to say more, but then Kenny rammed his hips at her. His cock sliced through her well-oiled opening and embedded inside her deepest reaches. Susan wondered if another orgasm was possible, as a few unsettling tremors erupted in her inner being. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey ****** bydawn1958© Balanced on her hands and knees, Susan was unable to resist. A very satisfied and contented young woman grabbed her head and wanted to demonstrate who was actually in-charge. Nadine twisted Sue's head around so that the woman faced her and she glared into the teary eyes. "I know you have to go, but slut... you have to fuck Kenny one more time," she said. "Show Mistress that you are a real slave." 

 "Tell him to stop... no more," Sue begged. 

 Kenny squeezed her around the waist and rocked her back and forth, driving his cock to the hilt each time he pulled her backwards. "Oh fuck, this bitch is hot. Babe, she's the best slut." 

 Nadine was in her face and the young woman was more determined than ever. "One more time... slut! You're going to fuck Kenny and cum all over his cock... aren't you?" Nadine glared into Sue's eyes and the serious look on her face indicated she wasn't kidding. "I love the way you cum... cum like a schoolgirl- slut every time you get fucked. One more time... then you can go home!" 

 *** 

 It was past midnight when her body stopped trembling. Susan remained faithfully perched on her hands and knees and in the perfect doggie position, as Kenny finished emptying his balls. Each time he thrust and planted his cock to the hilt, he tightened his loins to jettison more cum into her heat chamber. Sue couldn't understand how every moral fiber inside her soul seemed to vanish at the mere thought of being Nadine's sex-slave. She never imagined having immoral sex and acting like a lust-filled slut during an entire evening. 

 Susan tried to recall how many times she experienced mind-boggling orgasms and the possible number made her tremble with both despair and with great admiration. She shivered and felt the young woman snuggle close to her sweat- covered torso. "Your husband will be worried... we have to send you home," Nadine said. 

 "Yes... gawd yes," Susan replied. Then she remembered what happened earlier when Nadine drastically changed her appearance. The thought of going home to her husband and him seeing her freshly shaved crotch made her afraid. 

 "Don't worry, my love. I'll contact you in the day or two... give you instructions on how to remain my faithful slave," Nadine whispered. 

 Nobody said anything, as Susan got dressed. It was almost like a loving departure of sisters when Nadine escorted the older woman to the door. Susan dearly wanted to tell the young woman that their relationship was over, but she didn't have enough nerve. They reached the front door and Sue turned to look at her young neighbor. Their eyes met and suddenly her stomach lurched wildly, as Sue realized there would be no going back. She didn't pull back or resist when Nadine leaned forward and kissed her on the lips. 

 Strangely the kiss became heated and intense even though both women knew there was no time. Susan suddenly realized that there was a difference between true love and that of being under someone's control. She was in love with her husband yet she was totally willing to sacrifice faithfulness for being loyal to Nadine. There was something powerful and irresistible about the young woman and Susan realized she would do anything to make Nadine happy. 

 THE END 

 I plan writing one more chapter about Susan's submissive adventure and hopefully readers are excited by her sexual journey. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© Please send your comments and suggestions as your feedback is always appreciated. 

 * 

 Susan had a few days to reflect. She thought about her young neighbor and how Nadine appeared strong and overpowering. Sue could practically feel the young woman standing in front of her and staring into her bewildered eyes. A shiver went up her back when Sue recalled how easily Nadine seduced and gained complete control over her. She remembered Nadine's parting remarks after the sexual episode the other night. The young woman ordered Sue to refer to her as Mistress when they were alone or with any of her friends and Sue couldn't see a way out of the growing dilemma. 

 She was in the middle of the daydream when her husband startled her. "I'll only be gone for the one night... be home tomorrow afternoon," Ben informed her. "Glad you're working on the party... with the Clarks." 

 Sue watched her husband set his bags down. "Yes, Nadine is coming over in a little while and we're going to work on the barbeque... hopefully get all the details worked out," she said. "Don't worry about me. I'll have tons of things to do plus all this party planning." 

 Ben had to admit that the move across the country to a new city had gone much better than he anticipated. His job was terrific and he didn't mind the occasional day or two he had to be away from home. Because his company had offices in nearby cities, it meant he worked long hours and had to be away for a day or two at times. Ben assumed his being away didn't bother his wife, or so he thought. He reasoned that a healthy paycheck made up for any inconveniences caused to his family. 

 Ben was like most men who married beautiful women; he was proud when other men found his wife attractive and sexy. He was thrilled when Susan accepted an invitation to help a close-knit group of women in their neighborhood. The Clarks were highly regarded by everyone and Ben insisted Susan work with them when they planned for hosting the upcoming fall barbeque. Ben never gave a second thought to the numerous hours spent on arrangements and planning and he encouraged Susan to work with Mrs. Clark and her daughter. 

 When he heard that Nadine Clark was coming to visit his wife so the two could finalize some of the plans, Ben was thrilled that Sue would have something to do while he was away. Even though he was only going overnight, Ben felt better when Susan had something specific to occupy her time. He liked the fact Sue was working with Nadine because he found the young woman very attractive and had to admit he noticed all of her seductive curves. 

 "Be good while I'm gone... and don't do anything I wouldn't do," Ben said, as he gave his wife a kiss on the cheek. 

 Susan blushed and tried to hide the fact so her husband wouldn't ask why. Vivid images filled her head, as she fantasized about what might be in store for her once Nadine came over. The young woman had already informed her that once Ben was gone, she was to phone and let her know. She stood over the phone and desperately wanted the courage to resist and refuse to call the young woman. Her stomach churned with great doubt and hesitation, as her willpower dissipated within seconds when the dream got even more dramatic. 

 Sue's body seemed to betray all of her morality and ethical reasoning. She remembered the demoralizing intercourse with the woman's boyfriend and the memory made her stomach quiver. She recalled experiencing multiple orgasms with Kenny and allowing the young man to ravage her body at will. She had never been unfaithful with another man in her life before that night and the memory still haunted her. Susan remembered experiencing an orgasm, which she would never forget. 

 Sue thought she had the strength to resist and not succumb to Nadine's powerful seduction, but then Kenny destroyed her willpower with his cock. A royal session of sexual intercourse ensued and once again she was forced to surrender, cumming like a slut just as Nadine demanded and requested. Sue could barely control her hand when she reached for the phone and her fingers virtually vibrated, as she dialed the number. 

 "Hello!" 

 "Uugh... Nadine. He... he's gone." 

 "What did you call me?" 

 "Uugh... Maaa, Mistress, I'm sorry." 

 "That's better, much better. Now what?" 

 "You can come... come over." 

 "You still don't understand... do you?" 

 "Yes Mistress. I'm sorry, I won't make another mistake." 

 "What do you want me to do?" 

 "Come over... Mistress. Ben is gone. You can come over, now." 

 "Good... and what?" 

 "Oh Mistress... please, don't make me." 

 "Huuummm." 

 "Ben just left. Please come over... we can go over our plans for the party." 

 "And?" 

 Susan's heart pounded and she had a difficult time breathing. "Yes, we can go over plans and... and... oh gawd, I can't." 

 "Do you want to make Mistress mad? DO YOU!" 

 "No. I'm sorry.... I will try harder. Please, I will... will do anything you say." 

 "Yes?" 

 "Yes, I'll do whatever you order me to do, Mistress. I'll obey... be your loyal slave." 

 "Yes, you'll be my slut, or else!" 

 The declaration sent a shiver up and down her spine. Susan held the phone and listened to the young woman who had somehow taken control. Sue had never been weak or passive in her life and suddenly she felt totally submissive and overwhelmed by Nadine's strong character. "Yes, Mistress." 

 *** 

 Nadine's planning was shrewd and possibly the smartest manipulation, as she was determined to gain full control of her naive neighbor. There were many alluring aspects about Susan that Nadine found too tantalizing to resist. She thought Sue was one of the sexiest women and her being so tall and gorgeous was the icing on the cake. Nadine loved how the mature, married woman appeared to resist and try to overcome any of the tricky attempts made to force her into a submissive role in their newly developing relationship. 

 What Nadine planned to make evident to Susan was that any further struggles were futile. Once she heard that Ben was out of town for the night, she cleverly scheduled a meeting with Sue to finalize the party planning. An entire evening gave her enough time to implement her underhanded scheme, as she spent tireless hours coming up with the perfect plan. She ordered Sue to phone her as soon as her husband departed and Nadine played her role to the hilt when the call happened. 

 Nadine loved nothing more than exerting power over someone. She forced Sue to blabber everything over the phone and reconfirm her submissive nature. Nadine felt confident about controlling Susan's actions and thinking, but only total dominance would satisfy her insatiable desire for power. She hung up the phone and instantly headed out the door towards her neighbor's home with incriminating evidence in her pocket. There was a DVD containing everything that happened during her boyfriend's sexual encounter with Susan and the movie was evidence of Susan's infidelity, which would forever ensure the woman remained a devoted slave. 

 Nadine practically ran down the block and arrived at the door completely out of breath. Susan met her and the two women moved to the living room sofa together where they carried on a light and cheery conversation. Nadine's heart fluttered in anticipation of revealing the final plot. The thought of Susan being a loyal submissive puppet after she saw herself with Kenny was amazingly exhilarating. "I have something I want to show you," Nadine said. "I don't want you to have any doubts or hesitations about me being your mistress." 

 Sue stared at the young woman and she was too stunned to say much. "I... I don't understand." 

 Nadine walked over to the media center and popped a DVD into the player. "You probably didn't realize what I was doing when you were having sex with Kenny," she informed Sue. "I recorded everything that happened... everything that you did with Kenny." 

 The television come alive and then scenes of that fateful night flashed on the screen. With some skillful editing, Nadine set the opening segments showing her boyfriend laying flat on his back and a delirious naked woman riding his bucking hips. Nothing was hidden or shielded from the viewer. The luscious tits bounced wildly and freely in the air and it appeared that the woman experienced a profound and obsessive climax. 

 Susan stared in disbelief. Her out of control body jerked and thrashed on top of the bucking bronco and she appeared to be a maniac in the midst of a gigantic orgasm. "No woman climaxes like you do," Nadine whispered in her ear. "I love watching you with Kenny... watching you orgasm while riding his big cock." 

 "Dear gawd, no, no," Sue moaned. 

 "Watch, keep watching... it gets better," Nadine whispered. 

 "Oh please, no more. Please, turn it off," Sue pleaded. "I can't... can't watch anymore." 

 Nadine grabbed Sue by the shoulders and twisted her around so that they faced each other. "I've dreamed of being your mistress. Dreamed of you being my faithful slave and being totally submissive with me," she said. "If you dare disobey or not do what I demand, I'll ruin your life. Your husband will see what you do when he is not around." 

 Susan stared into the steely eyes and there was no leniency at all. "Yea... yeah, I'll do anything, please don't let anyone see what happened." 

 "Today is the first day of the rest of our life," Nadine said. "Your lessons start today and Mistress will judge if you are faithful and obedient." 

 "What... what do you have planned?" Up until now, the drama was simply a game and one that Susan felt confident she could retain a measure of control. True she obeyed the young woman and seemed to willingly comply with every demand, but Sue still felt that she could stop at any time. She heard the lewd sounds of sexual bliss coming from the television and her heart pounded in her chest, as she watched Nadine's lips move. 

 "Two of my dearest friends are coming over," Nadine informed Sue. "They should be here within minutes." 

 "What? Here," Sue replied. 

 "Yes, my girlfriends who happen to be twins are coming here. I am also their mistress," Nadine said. "Ella and Emma are due in ten minutes and I want you ready." 

 "Ready... for what? But what is going to happen?" Susan asked the questions, but really didn't expect the young woman to answer. 

 Without any hesitation, Nadine grabbed Susan's hand and led the frightened woman down the hallway to the master bedroom. "I want you dressed properly," Nadine said. "I want you to look like a slut and also act like my devoted slut." 

 Sue's response was a confused mumble and she sounded unsure. "Yeaaaa, look... like what... dressed." 

 Nadine acted brazen and totally in control. She carried her purse, which she opened, and swiftly pulled out two skimpy garments that she wanted her slave to wear. She merely had to wave her hands and utter a serious order. "Strip! Take off all of your clothes... NOW!" 

 Susan was dumbfounded and she didn't have the courage to disobey. Every time the young woman waved her hand, she took off more clothes until she was fully naked and shivering like crazy in trepidation. When Nadine handed her a small miniskirt and a petite top, Sue panicked. Her hands were shaking, as she took the garments from the young woman, and she struggled to comprehend what was happening to her secure world. 

 Sue had a difficult time putting the skirt on because it was so short and the top was overly stretchy, which caused the garment to ride upward. She managed to get dressed and stood in front of the demanding young woman waiting for the next command. When the sound of the doorbell went off, Sue almost fainted. She realized Nadine's' girlfriends had arrived and that she was in great jeopardy. 

 Without a word or a backward glance, Nadine grabbed Sue's hand and led the frightened woman back into the living room. She left Sue standing in the middle of the room and then went to the front door. Nadine welcomed the twins and the three hurried into the large foyer, as the front door slammed shut. 

 Susan stood perfectly still hoping no one would notice her, as Nadine and her girlfriends were across the room in a hushed conversation. Sue couldn't hear what they were saying, but she noticed how all three glanced her way every once in awhile. She was afraid and had a hard time breathing when she took a closer look at the two young women. The twins appeared extremely imposing, which caused her heart to flutter wildly. Both girls were tall, about the same height as herself, and they were very well built with all of their curves in the right places. 

 All of a sudden Nadine turned and walked in her direction. Susan felt her heartbeat increase with each step the young woman took and the rate was quickly out of control by the time Nadine reached her. Sue could never know how silly it looked, as she tried for modesty by pulling the hem down on her skirt and the bottom of her top downward to cover her boobs. "I want you to meet my best friends, Ella and Emma," she said. "As you can probably notice, they are almost identical twins and they are extremely happy that you want to be their slave." 

 "But... but I don't. Please, you can't," Susan said, staring into the dark eyes. "Mistress!" 

 "Ella and Emma are truly loyal and love being submissive to me, but every once in awhile they like adventure," Nadine whispered with a chuckle. "Like it on the other side and the great rush they get when they are the ones in control of a sexy slut." 

 "But... but... but," Sue replied. She tried to indicate her reluctance and horror, but then she noticed the look of disapproval on the young woman's face. "Mistress." 

 "I've never met two more creative women in my life. They have lots planned for you," Nadine informed the shocked woman. 

 "No, but... aaaggghhh, Mistress, no," Sue moaned, as she didn't know what to say or do. 

 "I get to watch... sit over there and watch my dearest friends when they prove their strict dominance," Nadine said and pointed at a plush easy chair, which was situated on the far side of the room. 

 "Naaaa, noooo, Mistress, no." 

 "I'm going to watch the most fantastic encounter. Have you ever been spanked," Nadine asked. "Ever had a royal spanking? Ever had that pretty ass spanked?" 

 "Gawd, no, no. Not here... not at home," Sue protested and then she remembered. "Mistress." 

 "A slut should be at home... in her own bed." Nadine grabbed her elbow and started leading the way across the floor. "Come! It's time to meet the twins... your mistresses for the evening." 

 Sue had trouble walking, as her legs were weak and unsteady. She came up to one of the gorgeous young women and almost couldn't breathe because her heart was pounding so fast. When Nadine let go of her arm, Ella grabbed her hand. "Come, bad girls have to be punished. Nadine tells me that you've been really bad," Ella said and sort of passed Sue's hand to her sister. Then she grabbed Sue's other hand and the sisters practically pulled the reluctant woman over to a big chair. "A really bad girl who needs a spanking!" 

 If Susan thought her life was spinning out of control, she was utterly surprised when she lost all semblance of reality. She tried to struggle and resist the two women, but her fight was ended before it began. Her arms came up, as if she was going to struggle, and it was her last resistance of the night. Ella grabbed one arm and violently twisted it behind her back. She jerked the arm up as high as it would go and forced Sue up on her tiptoes to relieve the pain. Emma stepped directly in front of Sue and looked her in the eyes. "Now we'll see if you deserve to be our slave. Ella and I only like faithful and loving slaves." 

 Susan was petrified and she tried to stare back at the young woman. She wanted to show that she wasn't afraid yet it was impossible to put on a brave face. Without warning Ella grabbed a big handful of her hair and jerked her head back and forth a few times. The young woman was standing behind Sue and easily held onto the one arm and the handful of hair, as she pinned Sue's head back as far as her neck would bend. 

 Sue's face was almost pointed up at the ceiling and she couldn't see Emma. The young woman punched her in the stomach and Sue's knees buckled, as she almost fell. Suddenly Emma was breathing all over her flushed face. "Now you're going to pay. You're going to get a spanking... the naughty girl is going to get her bum spanked." 

 Susan felt cool air all down the front of her body and she knew the skimpy top was not in place. She desperately wanted to correct the garment and cover herself, but knew she would suffer severe consequences if the twins saw her react. Then her feet were moving and in one swift shove she was spread out on her stomach over Ella's lap. The twin abruptly sat in a chair and pulled Sue down with her. 

 Sue squirmed but any struggle was useless, as the twins were overpowering. Ella put her hand in the center of Sue's back and pinned her down while Emma pinned the woman's legs down. One of the twins rubbed her hand all over Sue's bare legs and all the way up until she reached the short skirt. The material was rolled upward leaving her entire butt exposed and then the spanking began. 

 *** 

 The plan was simple. The twins would break her will and then administer a sexual beating that Susan would never forget. Ella was the one who held Sue's arms and enabled her sister to do whatever she wanted. Emma spanked the bare ass, as hard as she could, and left brilliant red marks all over Sue's butt. The harder she spanked; the more Sue tried squirming to get away. 

 Susan had never cried during sex, but the tears flowed freely when the humiliation increased. She was virtually naked, as her top was rolled up around her neck leaving her boobs fully exposed and flying around wildly when the spanking ensued. Her skirt was bunched up at her waist and she was pinned securely on top of the one twin's lap, while the other twin was giving her the spanking of her life. Her ass was on fire and Sue didn't think things could get any worse, but she was wrong. 

 "Spread your legs!" Emma whispered in her ear and lovingly rubbed her reddened bum. 

 "No, please no, it hurts... gawd, it hurts." 

 "Spread! Spread those gorgeous legs so I can see that dirty pussy." 

 Sue felt hands on her upper thighs and the fingers coaxed her legs apart. "Oh gawd, no, no, no!" 

 "Yes, spread... spread'em." Emma whispered the order and waited for the woman to react. She didn't force Sue because having the woman do it herself was far more enjoyable. 

 "No, no," Sue begged, but she obeyed. She felt the cool air wash over her heated flesh and then the twin spanked her pussy extremely hard. Sue tried to close her legs, but they were pinned securely out to the sides. She never imagined that something so horrible would turn into something even remotely gratifying. The gap between her thighs was wide and left her crotch fully exposed to the punishing twins. 

 Emma stared between the splayed legs and her heart almost pounded out of her chest. She noticed the pink slit and the puffy pussy-lips that were overly swollen because of the savage spanking. She already knew why the woman was shaven and that Mistress Nadine had been the one to do it. The very tip of Sue's precious clitoris poked through the labia and Sally knew exactly where to strike next. She spanked the bare crotch and made sure each slap hit directly on the exposed slit with one or two fingers striking the vulnerable clit. 

 The tears were enough indication that the woman had succumbed to the humiliation and that Susan's spirit was broken. Emma could have stopped the spanking, but she decided to administer the utmost punishment, as the loud sound of each slap echoed in the room. Ella was far too worked up to wait. When her sister's hand moved up to get ready for another slap, she slipped her hand into Sue's dripping crotch. There was no hesitation or delay when her fingers surrounded the swollen clitoris and squeezed. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© The twins knew what the other was thinking. Emma swiftly rolled around Sue's shivering torso and cheerfully put her hands on the rosy cheeks. She raised Sue's head and stared into the tear-filled eyes. "You can stop crying, my love," she whispered. "Are you going to cum? Be a good little girl and cum for Mistress?" 

 Susan gazed through tears and could barely focus on the blurry girl. Shivers of despair went up and down her spine when she noticed the twin held a big black dildo in her hand. Emma rubbed the rubber cock all over her flushed face before shoving the thick head into her mouth. "I'm going to give this to Ella... so she can use it." 

 Sue couldn't talk, as her mouth was full of dildo. She managed a few pathetic moans and tried to shake her head at the girl. Then she could breath again and took three or four big breathes to calm her nerves. Just as she regained a measure of control, Ella took charge. The twin grabbed the black stiletto from her sister and licked the tip with her spit-covered tongue. She squeezed the pink pearl a little harder and yanked the clit out of the puffy hideaway. 

 Ella leaned sideways and stared at the hairless crotch. She held the balls of the dildo in her right hand and slowly rubbed the slippery head up and down the open slit. Susan tried to close her legs because she knew what Ella was trying to do, but that was the wrong thing to do. Suddenly Emma was in her face again. "I think our little slut needs another spanking," she declared. 

 Emma didn't hesitate and rained slap after slap on the burning ass that bounced wildly around on her sister's lap. Susan would remember what happened as the most demoralizing event in her life. One twin had a secure grip on her delicate clitoris and the other spanked her already reddened butt. Sue cried again and a river of tears ran down her cheeks, as her ass was on fire. Then Emma grabbed the big dildo while her sister stretched the abused clit to extraordinary lengths. 

 When her guts exploded, Susan lost her grip on reality. She never imagined that a spanking could be sexually arousing or that being ravaged by a rubber dick could cause her to lose control. The orgasm was unexpected and the twins were in their glory, as they took all the liberties in the world to display the utmost control over the sexy married woman. Ella rolled the throbbing clitty around fast and furiously while her sister slowly pumped the thick dildo in and out the tight passageway. 

 "I was right... you're a slut," Nadine said loud and clear, as she yanked Sue's head upward. She couldn't sit on the other side of the room and watch anymore. She entwined her fingers in the long strands of hair and pulled hard to keep Sue's chest off Ella's lap. Then she slapped the hanging tits and made sure each smack hit an enlarge nipple. "Fuck her love... fuck her Emma. The slut is cumming all over your fingers Ella." 

 Nadine and the twins laughed but Susan was beyond caring, as her mind was controlled by a raging lust. She couldn't stop crying even though the pain was completely gone and the only thing remaining was animal desire. "Oh gawd, gawd, I can't stop... can't stop," Sue moaned, as her will was broken. "Mistress, oh Mistress, I can't stop." The climax seemed to be everlasting and her body belonged to the devil for the longest time. When the orgasm finally subsided, she basically collapsed and rolled off Ella's lap onto the floor. 

 Susan was completely exhausted and barely heard the young woman. "This is the best part. I'm leaving and will return when the twins are done. Ella and Emma have something special planned for you... I'm sure you'll love being their devoted slave," Nadine informed her. "I love surprises and I'm always surprised when I see a slave when they're finished." 

 *** 

 Susan struggled to comprehend what was going to happen. The most troubling aspect was that she was still dressed in the overly revealing attire and the twins were taking her somewhere. Sitting in the backseat with Emma, she had a difficult time keeping the skirt from riding up too high and the stretchy top kept shrinking up to leave the entire bottom half of her boobs exposed. Sue kept one hand on her top and one on the hem of her skirt at all times. 

 Ella drove and headed downtown while Emma sat so close to Sue that she had one arm around her shoulders. "One thing you'll find out about us," Emma said and waited what seemed like an eternity. "If you disobey or refuse just one demand, we'll leave... report you to Nadine. You know what will happen then." 

 "Where are we going?" Sue was worried and she tried hard to hide the fact. 

 "Don't worry, my love. Ella and I don't get a chance to be in control very often and we relish having you as our love-slave." Emma whispered. 

 Susan tried to garner as much sympathy as possible from the twin and they chatted until the car came to a stop in front of a small dingy shop. There was a bright neon light in the window, which said 'closed', but there was a shadow moving around inside. When she read the name of the business, her heart stopped. 'Jim's Tattoo Parlor.' 

 "No, what... no," she pleaded and looked frantically at Emma. 

 The twin never hesitated and got out of the car. She held the back door open and stood still, as her hand waved in a beckoning manner. "Come, my love. Jim runs the best parlor in the city and he promised to do us a favor," Emma said. "Remember... obey, or else!" 

 "No, no, you can't. I can't go home with a tattoo," Sue moaned. 

 The girl's face was serious with a slight evil grin. Sue stared in disbelief and couldn't find the nerve to resist when Emma held out her hand. She slowly got out of the car and was surrounded by the twins, as each girl grabbed one of her arms. "I can't. Not a tattoo... I just can't," she said. 

 Her feet were moving and she didn't have a chance to say more. They entered the dimly lit shop and immediately a scruffy man in a dirty t-shirt confronted them. "Well hello, sweetheart. Git that pretty little ass over here and we'll get to work," Jim growled, as he watched Susan's futile attempts at keeping herself completely covered. 

 Jim chuckled because he was fully aware that Sue had no choice in the upcoming tattoo. The main reason he agreed to help out Nadine Clark and her girlfriends was Nadine's offer of payment. Not only was he going to get paid good money, but he was promised sexual payment as well. Jim ogled Susan who appeared frightened and afraid of what lay ahead, but he wasn't going to miss such a glorious opportunity. He was willing to do just about anything for the chance to ravage a sexy woman and intercourse with Susan was definitely worth more than any amount of money. 

 Susan stared at the vile man. She stood beside a large reclining tattoo chair, too petrified to move. Jim had tattoos all over his body or at least it looked that way, as inked drawings covered his arms and neck. He even had them on the backs of his hands and on the back of each finger. Sue noticed the shit-eating grin on the man's face and his confident demeanor sent shivers of doom up her backbone. She shied away from the man when the twins each grabbed one of her arms. "Don't be afraid. Jim is the best artist and his work is highly regarded around the city. He's agreed to do you," Ella whispered. Both girls broke out laughing when Ella added one more comment. "In more ways than one!" 

 "Dear gawd, please don't... don't let him," Sue begged, but the three easily pushed her into the waiting chair. "Oh gawd, not a tattoo." 

 "You just be good... a good little sweetheart," Jim said. 

 Susan cringed and tried to move away from the man. The one thing she hated most about some men was their brazen egos and how they often refereed to a woman as their sweetheart. Suddenly the chair reclined and she practically laid flat on her back, as the man hovered over her outstretched body. Ella held her right arm with a viselike grip and Emma pinned her left arm down. "Remember what we discussed. One goes on her boob and one right beside her pussy so hubby knows his wife is a real slut," Ella said in a loud, clear voice. 

 Jim stood back and let the twins proceed. He stared in disbelief at the luscious treasures, which were brazenly exposed by the clever girls. "No need taking her clothes off," he said, as he ogled flashes of bare boobs and bald pussy. 

 Ella held one arm and easily rolled the stretchy top up so the garment was around her neck. Then she cupped Sue's left titty and jiggled it around vigorously trying to wave the boobie in Jim's face. "Put a nice tattoo on this beauty... to remind our little Susie that she is a slave." 

 There was no need for Emma to strip the skirt, but she did it anyway. In a flash she ripped the garment down and off before Sue could stop her. She continued pinning Sue's other arm at her side and pointed at the bald prairie. "And put the other tattoo right here... next to the pussy you're going to fuck," she said, as her finger grazed the pelvis about one inch from the tip of Sue's pussy-slit. "I love how Susie is going to pay for her own tattoos... first with her credit card and then with her pussy." 

 Susan listened and tried to sit up. The profound statements made her heartbeat quicken and soon she was flushed and panicky. "What? No, you can't... no, no," she begged, but her arms were confined and she was forced to remain on her back. 

 "Yes, how ironic... our little slut pays for the tattoo herself," Ella said to her sister. "I love it. She can show hubby the credit card statement and then show him her tattooed pussy that got banged by the artist." 

 "Oh gawd, oh no," Sue moaned. 

 Jim rolled a big cart up to the chair and reached for his equipment. Sue watched him hold a pen in the air and admire the instrument, as he turned it on and off in teasing fashion. Then he grabbed a small stencil off the cart and quickly applied the template on Sue's chest at the top swell of her left breast. When Jim removed the stencil, Sue's heart quickened as she noticed the outline on her boob of what looked like a tribal butterfly. 

 Sue desperately wanted to do something or at least protest, but nothing happened. The intimidating machine started buzzing and Jim began the ardent task of tattooing her flesh. Sue had to look away because she couldn't stand watching. Luckily the area of the tattoo got fairly numb so the pain disappeared right away. When Jim finished inking the small drawing, he wiped the excess ink off and left Sue shaking because he deviously took much bigger swipes than necessary, which included brushing across the upstanding nipple. 

 Susan wanted to smack the man, but resisted, as it would surely not solve her dilemma. She was almost like a puppet when the three villains easily shifted her almost naked body off the chair and onto a nearby tattoo table. "We use this table for the more delicate tattoos... ones that are on the lower body," Jim explained. "Now we'll get down to some serious business." 

 His laugh sent shivers through her entire body. Sue wanted to scream when Jim started touching her tummy. She was helplessly spread out on top of a large padded table and the twins ensured she didn't move or escape. Each held onto one of her arms and Ella remained right beside her face. "I'd love to see the look on hubby's face when he sees this," she whispered. "Jim's the absolute best artist in the city. Wait till you see what he does... what he engraves right beside your pussy." 

 Sue gave it one last try. "Dear gawd, Ella, you can't... please no, please," she begged, but she may as well have saved her breath. Jim sterilized her upraised pelvis and made sure the area was perfectly clean and safe for the tattoo. Sue stared up at Ella. "Oh gawd, no, no." 

 Everything happened fast and furious. Jim stood beside her hip and meticulously applied the stencil, which Sue thought was so close to her pussy that she imagined it touching her labia. Ella leaned closer. "Yes, hubby will love seeing his slut come home with a rose tattooed on her cunt." 

 Sue wanted to die. She trembled with shear fright when Jim finished applying the tribal rose outline and then started applying the permanent ink. She tried hard to control her breathing and heartbeat, but it was very difficult because Ella remained beside her face with her lips pressed against her ear. The young woman's breath washed across her cheek and seemed to inflame her entire face, as her temperature kept rising and rising. 

 The tattoo seemed to take forever and Sue didn't think the man would ever finish. Finally Jim reached for a clean cloth and astutely cleaned all of the splattered ink from her bare pelvis. He wiped and then sterilized the area again before he rolled around the table and stood at the foot. Before Sue realized what he was doing, Jim grabbed her legs and with one swift jerk, he pulled her down the table until her legs were spread around his hips. 

 Emma supported her legs and Jim did the unthinkable. He ripped off his shirt and stripped his pants and shorts in a scant few seconds. The man stood naked between her splayed legs and Sue's heart beat out of control. Ella was in her glory. "It's time... time for Jim to get paid. Luckily for you, he agreed to not only take money, but to also get paid in kind," she whispered and chuckled. "Of course you're not lucky because Jim's work is expensive... very expensive." 

 Jim held her legs apart, as he ogled her exposed crotch. "Yes, hubby will love seeing his slut come home with a pretty rose on her cunt," he whispered, as he yanked her body downward until her legs wrapped around his hips. Emma prevented Sue from moving and she retained a firm grip around her ankles, as she curled the legs around Jim's body. 

 Susan glanced down her flat tummy and her gaze focused on the overly large penis resting on her pelvis. The bad part was how the evil bastard teased her. Jim snuggled deep into her crotch and he shrewdly twisted his hips back and forth, which rolled his cock all over her shivering bare pelvis. Ella looked at the man and noticed how he proudly displayed his enlarged cock to everyone in the room. "Oh my God... his cock. I hope you're ready for him," she whispered in Sue's ear. "Sweet Jesus, I can hardly wait to watch Jim make you his slut." 

 Sue couldn't watch. She could tell Jim's ego soared, as he rubbed the head of his cock over her upraised pelvis. When he pulled back slightly and the head dropped below the skyline, Sue closed her eyes. She held her breath, as the cock-head grazed her slit, and Jim purposely rubbed up and down a few times to further torment her. Suddenly her labia parted and the tip instantly got covered with oil, which enabled him to easily slip the head into her heated cavity. 

 The following ten seconds would be remembered as a part of Hell. First Jim coated the end of his prick with womanly juices before he jammed three or four inches of steel into her hole. Then he moved in and out several times in an effort to lubricate the rest of his long shaft. All of a sudden her ass was off the tattoo table and the cock was fully embedded in her deepest regions. 

 Susan hoped the fleeting pain would remain so she could hate the man. His cock sliced through her womanly chamber and cut her cervix in a heartbeat. When the head penetrated her most intimate being, Sue felt the thick cock-meat throb like crazy and she knew he was filling her with his bastardly venom. Jim's fingers squeezed securely around her waist and the tight hold enable him to pump his cock in and out in madman fashion. Each time his penetration was to the hilt, he grunted and ejected a load of cum into her inferno. 

 It was the worst moments of her life. Sue didn't dare open her eyes to see who grabbed her clitoris. Her labia were separated because of Jim's penetration and this allowed the delicate clitty to lie exposed and vulnerable. The fingers were not gentle or kind, as they pinched extremely hard and yanked the clit outward until the bud was stretched to double the normal size. Then the fingers rolled the clit around vigorously and kept yanking it out as far as the bud would go. 

 Sue tried to arch her back and she rolled her head backwards trying to get away, but lips brushed across her ear. "This is always the best part for a slut," Ella whispered. "I love watching a slut cum all over a big prick... a big hard cock buried deep in her belly." 

 Susan rolled her head to the side and away from the taunting young woman. Her sneaky evasion didn't work, as Ella wrapped her fingers into the long stands of curly hair. The young woman jerked Sue's head back so that her face was straight up. "I promised Jim that if you didn't have an orgasm, he could spank your bare ass until you did," Ella said and clamped her teeth on the hanging earlobe. "It's entirely up to you. Cum... OR... a spanking!" 

 She opened her eyes, but that was the wrong thing to do. Ella jerked her head up and forced her to look down the front of her naked torso. Jim's back was severely arched, as he stood between her splayed legs, and that left nothing hidden from view. The man had pulled her body down so that her butt was virtually off the table and her legs were crudely wrapped around his waist, as Emma held them firmly in place while she shouted encouragement to the man. 

 Susan noticed how her inflamed clitoris was stretched and securely pressed between Ella's skilled fingers. The cock was buried to the hilt and it was extremely hard to breath, which was likely the cause of her fateful downfall. Sue reasoned that she might have won the battle, but the twins and Jim were too shrewd. She watched in amazement when her hips jerked and spasms roared through her insides. Her clit throbbed crazily and the blood surged through her veins, as an untimely orgasm erupted. "Gawd, no... no, gawd no," she moaned. 

 Ella took charge. "When I tell Nadine how you creamed all over Jim's cock, she'll be pleased," she whispered. "Christ woman... you are one hot slut." 

 The woman let go of her hair, but she didn't loosen her firm grasp of the squashed clitty. Sue rolled her head back and forth yet nothing stopped the disparaging orgasm. Then the most awful thing happened. Jim pulled backwards so that his pulsating cock came all the way out of her inferno. Ella swiftly grabbed the thick meat and held the flared head directly on top of Sue's soaked slit. Then she shrewdly milked the remaining drops of male semen out of Jim's loins leaving the sticky cum between the puffy labia. 

 Sue stared in disbelief. Ella rubbed the thick cum into her opening and then the young woman uttered a vile command. "You know what to do, sis. Clean her slut-pussy and get her ready again," she ordered Emma. The power and being in control of her twin sister was Ella's supreme reward. "Eat the horny wife so we can watch her experience another orgasm." 

 Emma was more than ready. She pushed Jim out of the way and dove into the sweaty crotch. Somehow Susan's body was pulled upwards and fully onto the table while her legs dangled over the sides. Emma wasn't a big fan of sticky male semen, but she was fond of what cunnilingus meant to her sister's scheme. She pushed Sue's thighs farther apart and devoured the soaked opening much to the delight of Ella and Jim. 

 Ella had a ravenous greed for more. "When I tell Nadine how you creamed all over Jim's cock, she'll be pleased," she whispered in Sue's ear. "But we need our slut to cream again... and again." 

 Sue felt her precious clit go into the hot mouth. The twin sucked on the bud and then she lashed her tongue through the slit many times. Emma cleaned all of the leaking cum and used her tongue in fucking fashion to drill the honey-hole. "Oh gawd, no, I can't... no more," Sue pleaded. 

 "Oh baby, you have to... show me how you want to make Mistress Nadine happy." 

 "Please make her stop... no more." Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© Ella pinned Sue's arms above her head and made sure the stretchy top remained around her neck. "Jim! There you go... feast your eyes on those luscious tits. Go ahead... help yourself." 

 Jim eagerly hovered over Sue's chest. He put his hands around one of the seductive boobs and squeezed it so that the boob stood proudly in the air. Sue merely whimpered when his head dropped and her delicate nipple went into his mouth. 

 "Go sis... do it and show us a real slut. Lick that cum out of her box." 

 Sue felt the teeth surround the throbbing morsel and then she was goosed. Emma rammed her long middle finger into the hole and curled her finger so that the nail raked across the fragile G-spot. The young woman used a constant nibbling and fingering to destroy Sue's last thread of decency. Her back arched in a futile attempt to escape the molestation and Emma sucked harder and crushed the tender spot with her fingertip. 

 "Dear gawd, no, what are you doing?" 

 "Good girl... move your slutty ass and shove that pussy at Emma." 

 "No... no... no...!" 

 Jim sucked one nipple and used his tongue to roll the bud around and around inside his mouth. His fingers squeezed the other nipple and by squeezing hard around the nipple base, he tried to pop the bud. He switched and devoured the other nipple and left both buds completely covered with slimy saliva. Then Jim added the final punishment. Sue stared at her chest and noticed a dark red hickie next to her right nipple. Then to her horror, Jim sucked hard on her other boob and left another hickie plainly visible and very close to the newly inked tattoo. 

 Sue was so worried about the hickies that she didn't pay much attention to the first few spasms erupting deep inside her stomach. A tattoo was one thing that would be hard to explain, but she reasoned the hickies would be impossible. It seemed the more degrading and more humiliating she was treated, the treatment turned her desire into some kind of animal lust. She glanced past Jim's head and the sight of Emma's cunnilingus turned her stamina to quicksand. 

 Emma placed her chin at the bottom of the narrow slit and her tongue flicked the puffy clitty up and down and side to side. There was a wide grin on her pretty face, as she noticed Sue's hips respond and valiantly try to evade the cunning assault. Emma kept her finger embedded in the steamy hole and skillfully scratched the one spot that controlled Sue's lust. 

 Ella didn't miss anything. "That's a good girl... keep cumming. Cum for Emma and let Jim molest those gorgeous tits." The tongue lashed her clitoris and the finger-fucking destroyed her willpower, as another orgasm turned the once faithful wife into a willing slut. 

 *** 

 Susan was beaten and too exhausted to fight anymore. Having succumbed to the devious seduction was too much and she simply wanted to do whatever it took to end the escapade. Being obedient and doing what Ella ordered seemed the only way out so she readily complied with every demand. There was a constant whispering in her ear and Ella used her tongue for effect, as she licked and kissed the side of Sue's face. 

 Jim was in his glory. He flipped Sue over and onto her tummy so that her arms were outstretched, as she supported her upper body over the table, and her legs were over the edge and planted firmly on the floor. He put his hand in the middle of her back and forced sue to remained motionless in a vulnerable bent over position. "Oh yeah, sweetheart. We have to send you home to papa with a belly full of chiz" he informed the shocked trio. "I think all sluts should pay like this. I'm gong to fuck the bitch again." 

 All of a sudden Jim was on his knees and directly behind Sue. He pushed her legs and thighs against the table and then grabbed onto the luscious ass- cheeks. Jim shoved his face into the crack of her ass and jammed his tongue at the puckered asshole. He spread the cheeks, as wide as possible, and managed to lick the hole with the tip of his tongue. Sue deemed it was the crudest thing anyone had done to her yet the vile act caused the desire within her chest to climb. 

 When Jim let go of her backside, Sue felt relieved, but she realized the man was only beginning. He stood up and immediately aimed his ramrod at her crotch. Jim wrapped his right hand around his cock and shoved the head of his dick into the wet-spot between Sue's legs. He thrust just enough to embed the head of his pecker and then held still for many moments, relishing the wonderful sensations roaring through his body. 

 Sue couldn't hold herself above the table anymore, as her arms gave way. She collapsed on the padded top and her body was pinned securely by the horny man. It took one determined thrust and Jim rammed his cock to the hilt. Her hips jammed into the table and Jim ravaged her without any care or tenderness, as he had one thing on his mind. Ella definitely wasn't going to be left out. "Jimmy's going to ride you... ride you like a slut," she whispered. "Send you home with a belly full of cum." 

 "Dear gawd, not again, please Ella," Sue replied. 

 "You look good being fucked by a wildman. Christ, Jim's cock is in your belly." 

 "Gawd, no, oh gawd." 

 "I'd love to see the look on your husband's face when he sees the tattoos." 

 Susan was more concerned with what Jim was doing to her than in what Ella said. "No, no, make him stop!" 

 "Just wait... this is only the beginning. Nadine has much more planned for her dearest slave," Ella whispered. 

 The young woman's revelation got Sue's attention. "What? Planned? She has something planned?" 

 "You'll love what Nadine has in store for her devoted slave. She has a young cousin... a teenager I think... and she's promised him that you'll be his first fuck," Ella said, making sure she used emphasis on her last word. 

 Her body rocked back and forth. Jim had a firm grip around her waist and each time he jerked her hips backwards, he rammed his cock to the hilt. He developed a real rhythm and he pumped with powerful strokes, as he lifted her lower body off the table each time he thrust forward. Sue merely hoped he would finish quickly and then leave her alone, but Ella had other plans. "One more time... I want to watch you climax once more," she ordered with her voice mean and steady. 

 "I can't, honest, I can't," Sue moaned. 

 "Oh, you will, or else," Ella whispered and the warning was clearly etched on her face. "Don't worry, Emma will help you." 

 Sue had no idea of what Ella meant, but it didn't take long to find out. Her sister slinked up to the table and stood beside Sue. Then Ella got real serious, as she put her face right next to Sue's in cheek to cheek fashion and they both looked in the same direction. When the young woman spoke, her voice sent shivers all through Sue who was trying hard to keep her breathing smooth and natural. "No, I can't, no more," she pleaded. 

 Jim thrust into her with all his might and held perfectly still, as her hips came completely off the table. Emma's hand slinked under her upraised hips and the young woman's fingers slithered under her belly and onto her pelvis. Sue held her breath when the fingertips scratched a trail across her burning flesh and found the vulnerable clitoris. Jim refused to move, as he relished the intense heat of Sue's cavity, and he loved how Ella appeared overpowering to the older woman. 

 Sue took a deep breath in anticipation, as Emma's fingers surrounded the delicate bud. Then the young woman started spinning the clit around and around very vigorously while trying to pull the bud out of the protective pussy-lips. When Sue tried to breath again, she tried to reason with Ella. "Oh gawd, don't... don't let her touch me... not there," she moaned. 

 Ella sensed her power and attacked. "I knew my faithful slut would get worked up. Just think... you get to make Mistress Nadine happy," she whispered. "You get to cum all over a teenage cock." 

 "No, no, never." 

 "Oh yes, you will. You'll obey Nadine and make her happy." 

 "No, not with a teen." 

 "Oh, you will. You'll cum just like you're going to do with Jim's cock in your belly. Show me you're a slut... SHOW ME!" 

 Jim started pounding her ass and driving his cock in and out in a frenzied fashion. Her clit was on fire, as the skilled fingers rolled it around in the vast amount of oil, and Sue wondered if she was strong enough. "No, I won't, no... no." 

 "You know what I want. Move it... move that pretty ass and ram your cunt back at Jim... SHOW ME! Show me how you'll cum for a teenager." 

 Sue realized something dreadful was wrong. Her body seemed to float in the air and too many things were happening at once. Suddenly Ella grabbed a handful of hair and jerked Sue's head around so that she could stare into the teary eyes. "Today it's Jim's cock fucking you and turning you into a slut. Tomorrow it will be a teenager fucking your brains out and making you act like a slut," Ella hissed. 

 "No, no, never," she replied, as her body went out of control. 

 Jim was a madman and he drove his cock to the hilt every time he thrust into her. Emma retained a secure grip on her clitty and she never hesitated or slowed down the molestation. Ella noticed the telltale signs. "Yes... yes... keep cumming! I knew you'd cum all over a big cock. Are you going to fuck a teenager for Mistress? ARE YOU?" 

 "Oh gawd, gawd I can't stop... oh... oh," Sue moaned and stared into the stern eyes. "Gawd, I'm cumming... cumming." 

 "Yes! Answer me slut. Are you going to fuck a teen and make Nadine happy?" 

 Sue was lost and she didn't know what else to do. "Yes... gawd yes. Cumming... yes, I'll cum for Mistress." 

 "With a boy? Will you have sex with a teen?" 

 Despite knowing she would regret the orgasm, Susan climaxed. Lust had taken over her mind and she merely followed directions. The physical lust controlled her actions and she obeyed the young woman. "Aaagh, gaaaawd, gaaaa," she moaned and then Ella pulled her hair and demanded an answer. "Gawd, yes... yes, sex with a teen... gawd yes, with a teenager!" 

 *** 

 Nadine received the long awaited phone call. "We're on the way to her place. You'll be amazed when you see her," Ella informed her excited mistress. "The tattoos look great and I think the bastard loved inking our dear slut. You should have seen the grin on his face when I told him that his added payment was sex with Sue." 

 "Yes, Jim's probably the greediest bastard I know... and the horniest. He'd do anything to get into a woman's pants." 

 "Holy Christ, the man had a perpetual hardon. He'd fuck anything with a pulse," Ella declared. 

 "Yes, Jim can get carried away... especially when you promise him pussy for payment." 

 "OMG you should have seen her go... three times. My God, she creamed three times. I've never seen a woman cream so hard... or so often." 

 "Holy shit... that's even better than I imagined." 

 "Yeah, the last time was the best. I talked in her ear and told princess all about your next encounter... with your cousin. Jim rammed his cock in her belly and Emma fingered her pussy until she creamed thinking all about Darren." 

 "Geez, you're the best. I can always count on you... and Emma." 

 "We just left the parlor... see you soon." 

 "I can hardly wait. I'll meet you there. I'm proud of you girls and love how you make a woman obey... make a woman your slut." Nadine could hardly wait. She hung up the phone and was out the door in no time. The car was already in the driveway when she approached her neighbor's and she ran the last few feet to meet the twins, as they got out of the car. "Let's get inside. I need some lovin'." 

 The twins virtually grabbed Susan who was too overwhelmed to resist their rough treatment, as they yanked her out of the car. "Your mistress is horny... needs you badly," Ella whispered to a timid Sue. Emma and I get to watch Mistress Nadine with her love-slave." 

 Everyone was inside the house in no time and Nadine instantly took charge. "Okay, you've been a good girl... but from now on I demand complete submission," she said. "Is that clear?" 

 Sue stood still and stared at the overpowering young woman. She was taller than Nadine and apparently more mature, but that didn't mean anything. The question resounded in her head and her inaction seemed to infuriate Nadine so she tried to answer. "Yeaaa... Yes." 

 "Yes? Yes what?" 

 Sue realized Nadine demanded obedience. "Yes... Mistress." 

 "Tonight is ours. I'm staying with you and we are going to sleep together." Nadine faced her slave and swiftly slipped something around a bewildered Sue's neck. "My sub is going to sleep with me." 

 "Yes Mistress," Sue replied, as she felt a leather collar go around her neck and get fastened securely by what looked like a padlock. 

 Nadine attached a leather strap to the collar and gave a swift jerk to indicate who was in control. "If you disobey... don't do what I demand, I'll have Ella and Emma give you another spanking. They will punish the bad girl," she whispered. 

 Sue looked at the twins and became more determined than ever to not suffer another humiliation. A shiver shot up her backbone, as she realized that Nadine was indeed in-charge. "I... I'll obey. Do whatever you ask," she replied. 

 "If you don't do what I ask, I'll leave the collar on so hubby... everyone knows you're a slave," Nadine said, as she waved a key in the air. 

 "Gawd, no, you can't. I'll obey... honest," Sue whispered. 

 "Good. Now let's get ready for bed. Get these clothes off so I can see the gorgeous tattoos," Nadine said and quickly ripped Sue's top off leaving her almost naked. "Take off the skirt!" 

 Sue thought about resisting, but quickly decided against it when she stared into the young woman's stern eyes. She stripped and stood up in front of Nadine who jerked on the strap. They were still standing in the entryway of the home, but not for long. Sue virtually had to run to keep up to Nadine, as the young woman hurried down the hallway to the master bedroom. "Let me look at the tattoos. Are you going to tell hubby that you got them for your Mistress?" 

 "No... I'm not... don't know yet what to tell him," Sue whispered. She stood naked and shivering in front of the young woman. 

 When Sue tried to raise her arms, Nadine slapped them down again. Then the young woman quickly removed the protective bandages that covered the tattoos. "Stand still. Let me see the beautiful artwork. Jim is good... the best artist in the city," Nadine said. "The titty one is nice... a beautiful butterfly. But the pussy one... the rose is absolutely gorgeous. OMG it is so close... I can imagine what hubby will say when he sees that one... almost touching the delicious pussy." 

 The woman was right and Sue pondered the thought of what she would tell Ben. "Gawd, I don't know what to say... what to tell Ben." 

 "And the hickies... Holy fuck they are going to be hard to explain," Nadine said. "Holy shit, I can imagine Jim did it and he probably love making you his slut." 

 Sue really didn't have time to dwell on her problem, as Nadine wrapped her arms around her and kissed her hard on the lips. She flinched when the woman's hand grazed her sore pelvis, but the tattoo was more numb than sore. Suddenly Nadine's skilled finger was directly on top of the one button that caused Sue tremendous peril. 

 Nadine broke the kiss. "My, oh my... so wet. I love how you are always so slutty... wet and slutty," she whispered. "You get to make me happy... perform cunnilingus and show Mistress how much you want to please her," Nadine said. 

 "What... huuugh," Sue replied, but quickly realized her fate. 

 In no time the young woman stripped and embraced her slave. Nadine shifted up against the big bed and promptly lay down. She had a firm hold on the dog leash and pulled a reluctant Sue down on the bed and right on top of her outstretched body. "Do it! Show Mistress that you're my slave. Make love to me," she demanded. 

 Sue didn't know what else to do so she started kissing the young woman's face and neck. It didn't take long before Nadine displayed her intense desire and lust. She grabbed the sides of Sue's face and guided her slave to the sensitive areas. When the wet tongue lashed out and coated her erect nipples with spit, Nadine went crazy. She mashed Sue's face into her perky boobs and kept moving the woman's mouth all over her burning flesh. Soon both nipples were extremely hard and throbbing like mad. 

 Sounds of animal desire filled the room and the sight of two naked women having sex was too much for the twins. Ella pounced on her sister. Sue caught glimpses of two squirming tigresses who were thrashing around at the foot of the bed and she marveled at the spectacle. Something about incest and sisters having sex together didn't seem right, but Sue was too preoccupied to worry about the immoral act. 

 All of a sudden her head was forced downward and a cleanly shaven pelvis appeared. Sue used her lips to caress the bare skin and her tongue to leave a wet trail across the burning flesh. She licked the small bellybutton and didn't stop until she tasted the leaking pussy-slit. Each time she inserted the tip of her tongue between the puffy labia, the young woman's hips jerked out of control. "Oh fuck, fuck yes, lick my cunt. Oh God, do it! Eat me... eat me," Nadine moaned. 

 Sue devoured the entire opening and pressed her tongue against the quivering clitoris. Nadine's body started shaking and shuddering like crazy and it was obvious the woman was experiencing a tremendous orgasm. Sue put her teeth around the slippery bud and nibbled until the loud moans of ecstasy erupted from an overcome Nadine. "Oh geez... oh geez, I'm cumming... cumming so hard... so good... yes! YES! YES!" 

 Sue used her elbows to surround the thrashing hips and sucked as hard as she could on the throbbing morsel. When she chewed on the clit, Nadine cried like never before. At first the taste was sweet and sugary, but then it turned bitter and left a lingering residue on her tongue, which Sue found tantalizing. She was sort of perched on her knees between the young woman's splayed legs and easy prey for the twins. 

 Ella jumped her from behind. She put a hand on each ass-check and pried them apart to reveal her true goal. Ella stared at the pink flesh that glistened because the lips were soaked and she held motionless for several moments. The final spasms rocked her dearest friend's body and Ella thrust her face into the enticing crack. She jammed her stiff tongue into the puckered asshole and felt Susan's body shudder violently. Then she lowered her mouth and poked the tip of her tongue between the tightly closed pussy-lips. 

 Ella felt her tongue enter the honey-hole and she tried to pretend it was a tiny penis. She pumped her tongue in and out and at the same time latched onto the vulnerable clitty. Ella jerked the clit out of the swollen labia and twirled it around vigorously between her skilled fingertips. Sue collapsed on the bed and the twins abruptly rolled her onto her back. Nadine retained a secure hold on the dog leash and also captured her outstretched arms, which left Sue completely defenseless. 

 Emma pinned Sue's legs spread and Ella performed a most admirable cunnilingus. There was an almost instant gratification and Sue climaxed sending a river of womanly cum into the hungry twin's mouth. Ella nibbled on the exposed clitty and finger-fucked Sue like a raving madwoman, as her finger pumped in and out at a furious tempo. Sue arched her back and tried to shift her hips away from Ella, but her struggle was futile. Severe tremors roared through her loins and the orgasm seemed to wash away any doubts or hesitations. 

 Sue was totally exhausted and didn't think another sexual encounter was possible. She sort of drifted off to sleep after the untimely orgasm, but the rest was very short-lived, as three overly determined women had one goal in mind. Nadine lay up against her slave and made sure Sue's right arm was securely pinned under her torso. She kissed the side of Sue's flushed face and relished how submissive the woman appeared. "Try and sleep... rest those tired muscles," she whispered. Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey Ch. 02 ****** bydawn1958© "Huuummm, yes," Sue replied, as the respite felt extremely good. 

 The initial caresses were tender and soothing, as Nadine's hand roamed freely all over Sue's chest. The young woman purposely avoided the perpetually erect nipples and constantly traced circles around the hard buds, which kept the areolas swollen. Her lips pecked the velvety cheek and lingered beside Sue's ear to whisper more telling comments. "I like the way you listen... you obey. You make Mistress very happy." 

 "Huuugh, yes," Sue sort of moaned in her sleep. 

 "I'm sure hubby will be very pleased when he see the tattoos... not sure what he'll think of the hickies. You might try to hide them." 

 Sue nodded her head and prayed her husband would believe she willingly got tattoos on a whim. The hard part was going to be hiding the incriminating red blotches for days and long enough for the hickies to disappear. She vowed to put off having sex with Ben until the damming spots cleared up and then she would somehow explain the tattoos. It would mean faking and pretending she was too sick to have sex, but the measures were necessary if she was going to hide her indiscretions. 

 Nadine's hand dipped and threatened to invade the lower regions, which caused Sue to slam her legs closed. "I love the way you fight... try not to cream like a little girl," Nadine whispered. "Now I want to watch you with the twins... watch you make them cum at the same time." 

 "Whaaa, no, I can't," Sue pleaded. She glanced to her left and noticed both girls lying right beside each other and they seemed to be waiting. Nadine easily pushed Sue across the bed and into the arms of her two overly aroused friends. "Oh gawd... no, no," Sue mumbled yet she was too distraught to stop the proposed encounter. 

 "That's it... get your face in her wanton crotch and eat her," Nadine ordered, as she shoved Sue's face between Ella's legs. "And finger our dear Emma. OMG, the woman's a sex maniac. She's ready to cum and you've barely touched her." 

 Sue acted like a puppet and followed Nadine's demands without hesitation. Before meeting the young women, she was reluctant to try cunnilingus, but suddenly the sexual act seemed natural and even enjoyable. She swiped her tongue up and down through Ella's inviting slit and watched the young woman's hips bounce on the bed. Her right arm was extended and her fingers were soaked with the juices running out of an excited Emma who lay right beside her sister. 

 Suddenly Sue had power and she took control. She devoured one twin's love-box and fingered her sister. Nadine was in awe, as she watched her three sex slaves in the throes of sexual bliss. It might not have been the fastest orgasms, but both girls climaxed swiftly. In a scant few minutes all three were totally exhausted and huddled in a tight group and it was hard to tell whose arm was whose. The scene almost seemed like a teenage pajama party so Nadine practically threw herself into the cluster and freely fondled the twins before concentrating on Susan's womanly charms. 

 *** 

 Each woman got very little sleep even though each was thoroughly exhausted from all of the sexual encounters that had occurred on and off throughout the night. At sunrise, Nadine realized that time was limited, but she grinned for having saved the best for last. She planned tormenting her slave and ensuring Susan knew what was in store for her during their next encounter. Nadine had already laid the groundwork and her cousin, Darren, was overly thrilled that she included him and his friend in on her blackmail scheme. 

 Sue was positive no more sexual adventures could cause her to lose control or even experience another climax. She actually welcomed Nadine's intimate embrace, as the young woman hugged her and snuggled against her nakedness. "You're going to be my little slave again. Show Mistress you're a slut," Nadine whispered. 

 "What, no... please, no more," Sue replied. 

 "That's not what I want to hear from my slut-slave, but I do love hearing you beg," Nadine whispered. 

 "I'm not... please no more," Sue moaned. 

 "Wait till next time. My little cuz is going to screw your brains out and you're going to cream all over his teenage cock," Nadine said. 

 Sue merely shock her head and tried to show the young woman she wasn't weak. She stared into the young woman's eyes, but there was no hint of clemency. "No, please, not with a guy... a teenager," she pleaded. Sue was so worried about Nadine's revelation that she didn't resist or hold back when the women molested her. She willingly spread her legs at the slightest invitation that Ella wanted to caress her intimately. Her back arched and she pushed her hips towards the young woman who began an admirable cunnilingus. 

 Nadine glanced at the clock and noticed their time had run out. "We'll have to hurry... leave our little hussy fucked and clearly marked as a slut. I'm sure Susie will have fun trying to hide the marks from hubby," she whispered to her friends. Then her head dropped and her mouth formed a perfect 'O' directly next to one of Sue's erect nipples. 

 Sue stared down at the three young women. Nadine promptly sucked a dark red hickie beside one nipple and Emma did the same to the other upstanding bud. What Sue found most disheartening was her hips thrust up and down in tune with the maddening tongue, which lapped her swollen clitoris. She vowed to stave off any satisfaction or prolong any gratification, but she couldn't stop the river of cum leaking out of her belly. 

 Suddenly Sue heard the loud smack when Nadine's mouth ended the sucking and in a heartbeat the young woman took charge. "Once a slut always a slut... keep cumming, my love. I just love the way you can never stop or hold back... cum every time Mistress commands." Nadine held her lips on Sue's ear and continued. "Cream, my love... fill Ella's mouth with your slutty cum. You'll make Mistress happy next time... when my cousin fucks your brains out... WON'T YOU!" 

 An answer was demanded and Sue didn't have enough courage to remain silent. "Yeaaa... yes, oh gawd, I'm cumming... so hard... so haaaarrrd," she moaned and her body went out of control. Her head jerked back and forth, as Nadine used her hair to demand a better response. "Yes... gawd yes, I'll make you happy... be your slut and make you happy when I have sex with your cousin." 

 * 

 THE END 

 I am planning at least one more chapter and receiving comments and feedback from readers on the first two chapters can be very helpful in deciding the direction of the story. Report_Story #1 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© Please send your comments and suggestions as your feedback is always appreciated. 

 * 

 The next two weeks were the hardest of her life. Susan used every trick in the book to hide the newly acquired tattoos and especially the incriminating hickies. Ben understood when she told him that she got the two sketches on a whim yet he frowned when she indicated one was on her breast and the other was inked on her bare pelvis. Sue explained how the artist insisted she keep the tattoos completely covered with a sterile bandage for at least 10 days and possibly two weeks. 

 When her husband agreed to wait for the unveiling, Sue's quandary was only half resolved. Hiding the hickies was cleverly accomplished by ensuring their bedroom was dark enough so that Ben couldn't see intimate parts of her body during their regular lovemaking sessions. After a few days, the red blemishes disappeared and she felt a lot safer, but then she started dreaming about the future. 

 Sue was apprehensive and very nervous about meeting Nadine and especially her cousin. When the young woman described Susan as a grownup sex-toy for her young cousin, Sue was totally distraught and very worried. Nadine easily blackmailed her with threats of showing Ben and others the incriminating movie of the encounter with her boyfriend. There didn't seem to be any way out of the pressing dilemma and Sue couldn't think of a viable solution to overcome Nadine's demands. 

 The first time she exposed the tattoos to Ben, he almost had a heart attack. "Wha... what? Holy shit, honey, it's... it's so close," he said, staring at her newly inked pelvis. "Did he... did the man touch your... your pussy?" 

 Sue noted the puzzled expression on Ben's face and then her mind went crazy. Vivid images of lying naked on the parlor table and then brilliant scenes of a stranger ravaging her body filled her head. Despite being watched by her husband, her breathing quickened and her heart raced and Sue wondered if Ben noticed. She didn't want to lie, but it was the only way out. "Dear gawd, no. He covered me... made sure I was covered and then he did the tattoo," she replied. 

 Obviously her response was good enough. The mere thought of another man seeing his wife's sexy body turned Ben horny and uncontrolled. He jumped Sue and the resultant sexual encounter surprised both of them, as it was one of the hottest of their marriage. Following the intercourse, Ben never questioned her about the tattoos and he seemed infatuated by the drawings being on her most intimate zones. 

 *** 

 Susan didn't know how to stop the blackmail. Nadine's orders were direct and straight to the point. 'Be at my place at 7 o'clock sharp. Wear exactly what you were instructed to wear and be here on time!' Sue shuddered with great anxiety, as she readied to depart for the Clarks. It had taken some smart manipulation and uncanny luck, but she managed to find time away from her husband so that the prearranged rendezvous could happen in relative safety. Ben made plans to attend a stag for one of his best friends from college who lived a hundred miles away. The party was anticipated to last all night or at least into the early morning so Ben decided to stay the night at his buddy's, which was a big relief to Sue. 

 Nadine was shrewd. She knew men found a scantily clad woman sexier than one who was completely nude and she used the devilish theory on Susan. Sue was in her bedroom when she opened the small bag of clothes sent to her by the young woman. Her heart skipped a few beats when she noticed the skimpy attire. What was very obvious was Nadine's desire for humiliation, as the outfit was something that would be worn by a young schoolgirl. The skirt was a colorful plaid and pleated. The blouse was white and so shear that anything underneath would be extremely visible. 

 Sue dropped the skirt and blouse on the bed and held up the rest. She breathed a big sigh of relief that a bra and panties were actually available, but when she looked closer, her heart skipped another beat. The bra was delicate lace and there were no ends in the cups, which meant her nipples would be clearly exposed. Then Sue noticed what she was hard pressed to call panties. There were two very small, heart-shaped pieces of cloth, one that would barely cover her pussy-slit and the other to decorate the upper portion of her buttocks. 

 She held the thong by the thin elastic waistband and stared in dismay, as she pictured herself wearing the skimpy garment. Getting dressed in the attire was harder than she imagined. Her fingers trembled like crazy when she slipped the thong on and noticed that she was virtually naked. Donning the bra was just as bad as the delicate lace made her large nipples appear overly stiff and obvious. Sue quickly slipped the blouse on and felt a little better once the skirt was covering her nudity. 

 Sue glanced into the mirror and her heart stopped. She looked exactly like the schoolgirl Nadine wanted her to be for the upcoming rendezvous. The skirt was fairly decent and long enough to reach almost down to her knees, but it was the blouse that captured her attention. The two erect buds pressed into the shear fabric and she realized that it was going to be impossible to hide her womanly assets. The thought of Nadine having her cousin and friend see her dressed like a cheap hussy made her afraid and very hesitant. 

 Walking out of the bedroom and to the front door was difficult because fear turned her legs unsteady and wobbly. The trip down the street was even harder and her heart was racing when she walked up to the Clark's house. Sue reached for the doorbell and her finger vibrated when she pushed on the little button. The door opened and Nadine's smiling face and welcoming hand greeted her. Sue stubbornly refused the young woman's hand and walked past her into the dimly lit and serene living room. 

 Nadine quickly joined her and didn't waste time, as she motioned Sue to follow her. They headed towards the large family room and Sue's stomach churned in a frantic fashion. She was very familiar with the home and shivers ran up and down her spine with the memory of what happened the last time she visited Nadine. Sue was thankful they were not going to the master bedroom where the last encounter occurred yet her heart quickened, as they entered the big family room. 

 The lights were off and Sue couldn't really see anything when they entered, but she was still hesitant because of what might happen. She stood near the doorway and allowed the young woman to walk over to a small table lamp, which was just inside the room. When the dim light came on, Sue's heart stopped. She stared at two shadowy figures sitting on a sofa that was on the far side of the room and jumped when a voice sounded in her ear. "The one on your right is Darren, my teenage cousin," Nadine whispered. "The stud on your left is Jeffery... his best friend." 

 "Da, I don't understand... what," Sue mumbled. 

 "You're in for the time of your life," Nadine said. "You get to have sex with teenagers and the best part... you get to teach them. Show two horny teens how to act like a real slut." 

 "Nadine, no... I can't be with boys. I'm married... older," Sue pleaded. 

 "Ha, ha, ha, don't worry. They're old enough... old enough to please a woman. I'm sure you know what I mean," Nadine said and laughed. Then she took her frightened slave by the elbow and ushered her over to a second sofa, which was adjacent to the teenagers. "I get to watch their horny faces when you climax all over their cocks." 

 Susan wanted to die or at least disappear. "Dear gawd, Nadine, no, no," she moaned. 

 "The first time you cream all over Darren's dick, I'm going to go mad fingering myself," Nadine said. 

 "Gawd, no, no, I won't." 

 Nadine snuggled as close as possible and put her arm around Sue's shoulders. "Our little schoolgirl is going to make the boys happy. I'm glad you obeyed and wore exactly what I ordered. You know how teenagers get all worked up when they see a sexy woman," she whispered in Sue's ear. "I get to watch you turn Darren and Jeffery into real men." 

 Sue tried to move away but Nadine was far too determined. "Oh geez... geez, no, please don't," Sue pleaded, but in a flash her blouse was fully unbuttoned. Then Nadine opened the garment despite Sue's best efforts to stop her. 

 Nadine's plan was simple. She was going to sit on the sofa with Susan and force the woman to seduce the teenagers. Sue's arms came up to hide her chest from the leering teenagers, but the young woman swiftly countered her intentions. Nadine grabbed a handful of her hair and jerked her head backwards so that it rested on the back of the sofa. Sue stared straight up at the ceiling and trembled when the young woman whispered in her ear. "Put your arms down... the boys want to see your tits. NOW! Show your tits!" 

 The order sent shivers up and down her spine yet her arms lowered. Sue sat motionless on the sofa and closed her eyes, as the ceiling grew fuzzy and blurred. "Please... no, please don't," she moaned. 

 "As you well know... I could merely ask Darren and Jeffery to take your clothes off and then screw you," Nadine whispered. "But I want my faithful slave to do everything... to seduce the teens. Strip... masturbate... then suck their big cocks and get them nice and hard. I want to watch the fantastic blowjobs and then Darren and Jeffery having sex with my sex-slave." 

 Sue tried to block everything out of her mind, which was swirling madly in a panic fashion. She felt Nadine's tongue stroke her ear and the hottest breath washed across the side of her face. Too traumatized to say anything, Sue didn't resist when Nadine jerked her head forward. "Look! Look what Darren has in his hand... what Jeffery has in his hand," Nadine said. 

 Her eyes filled with tears, but Sue still noticed the teenagers who masturbated in full view of the two women. She didn't intend on moving yet Nadine made sure she did. The young woman stood up and pulled Sue up with her so that they were standing in front of the two thoroughly aroused teenagers who yanked on their throbbing cocks. Sue fully expected them to blow their loads, but she wasn't that fortunate. "Here, let me take that blouse. You don't need it anymore... plus the boys want to see your tits," Nadine whispered, as she swiftly rolled the blouse off Sue's shoulders. 

 Sue tried to cover herself again, but her modesty wasn't appreciated. "Put your arms down," Nadine ordered. "Walk over to the door and back and make sure Darren and Jeffery can see your big boobs... or else!" 

 Sue stumbled when the young woman pushed her, but she managed to regain her balance. She walked slowly across the room and it took all of her resolve to keep her arms down at her sides, which enabled the teens to ogle her partial nudity. The distance was only ten feet yet it seemed like it took an eternity. When she returned to stand beside Nadine, the young woman promptly loosened the skirt and let the garment fall to the floor leaving a shivering woman scantily dressed in the sexiest underwear. Sue urgently wanted to adjust the bra and thong to ensure they covered her as much as possible, but she assumed another attempt at modesty would be severely punished so she bit her lip and remained still. 

 Nadine was overly excited, as she carried out her calculating plan. She practically jumped back on the sofa and pulled Sue back with her. "Let's take off the bra... bare your tits and show the boys what a real woman looks like," she whispered, as she snuggled up to Sue. "Every man dreams of watching a sexy woman masturbate... also have her give him a blowjob." 

 "No... gawd, no!" 

 "Darren was absolutely thrilled when I told him you'd do it... masturbate for him." 

 "But... but, no, I can't. Not in front of him... not like that." 

 Her bra was stripped before Sue could react and she shuddered watching the lacy garment fly across the room. "Oh you will. You'll finger yourself and cream for the boys. Now, get those pretty nipples nice and hard," Nadine demanded in a stern, steady voice. "NOW!" 

 Sue remained motionless until her head jerked backwards and Nadine used her hair to get all of her attention. Then the young woman nibbled on her ear, which sent severe tremors of doom up and down Sue's backbone. Suddenly her left hand was on top of her boob and her right hand covered her shivering pelvis. "Do it... or your husband will find out what a slut you've been," Nadine whispered. The warning was too much and her fingers moved in a caressing fashion, as she reasoned it was the only way to stay away from the horny teenagers. 

 Nadine jerked her head forward and ensured Sue faced the teens. "Look! Darren and Jeffery are getting their cocks nice and hard for you... so you can suck them and give them their first blowjob," she whispered. "First you'll masturbate... then you'll give Darren his first blowjob." 

 "Oh gawd, no, please not that... I can't," Sue pleaded. 

 Everything seemed out of control and Sue felt totally lost. She made a crafty decision, which she hoped would save her from Nadine's dire degradation. She thrust her hips up and down and made loud grunts and moans, hoping the efforts would persuade Nadine that she was really experiencing an orgasm. She closed her eyes and tried to block the world out, as she executed the performance of her life. 

 Sue didn't resist when the young woman spread her legs in a most brazen fashion and she knew her entire crotch was exposed to the teenagers. Without warning the sharp teeth closed on her ear and pain shot through her head. "Open your eyes! Watch them stroke their cocks, as they get ready for you," Nadine demanded, as she hissed through her teeth. "Don't fucking pretend... fake a fucking orgasm. Open those dirty cunt-lips and show Darren your clitty." 

 Suddenly her soaked pussy labia were spread, which fully exposed her clitoris to the leering teens. The throbbing clit was between her skilled fingers and a violent spasm rocketed through her loins. One, then two, then numerous spasms rocked her confidence and Sue was afraid her willpower might not last. Something was wrong. She glanced down at her boob and noticed her nipple was being squeezed very hard and Nadine's fingers rolled the pebble around vigorously. 

 "I didn't say you could look away," Nadine cried. "Watch Darren... and Jeffery. I want my little schoolgirl to see the cocks that will be inside her belly when she climaxes." 

 "No, never... I won't." 

 "Oh, you will! My schoolgirl will cream all over their cocks," Nadine whispered and jerked Sue's head back and forth. "Won't you?" 

 Her hips jerked wildly and Sue thrust her hips to the outer edge of the sofa. She ripped her eyes from the enlarged penis and stared down at her out of control torso. She tried to close her legs, but Nadine cunningly put her foot between her knees to prevent the shrewd cover-up. "Show them... show Darren your pussy. Let him see you masturbate," Nadine ordered. 

 Sue didn't resist when the young woman spread her legs again and made sure the wanton crotch was fully exposed. Tears filled her eyes when she noticed how her own fingers had a firm hold of the winged clitoris and were rolling the bud around in the slick oil. "Oh gawd... gawd... oh gawd," she moaned, as if her body belonged to the devil. Sue watched the clit swirl around and around and each time her fingers squeezed, her hips jumped in response. 

 Nadine leaned closer. "Good... good girl. I knew you'd cream for Darren... show him how a horny schoolgirl cums all over her fingers." 

 Sue's stomach heaved and churned with severe convulsions, as the hated orgasm controlled not only her body but also her confused mind. Strangely her fingers kept squeezing the delicate clitty until the spasms grew random and started to diminish. 

 Just when Sue thought her dilemma was over, Nadine forced her to her feet. It was hard standing because her legs were unsteady from the demoralizing orgasm and she almost fell when Nadine shoved her. Sue tried preventing the young woman from pushing her across the room to the other sofa, but in a matter of seconds the teenagers grabbed her arms. She virtually fell onto the sofa between the teens and each boy put his arm around her shoulders. 

 The last thing in the world Sue intended doing was moving her arms yet somehow her hands wound up on top of both cocks, much to the delight of the teenagers. Her fingers securely wrapped around each stellar shaft and she tried to keep her hands still. Added to her misery was the fact each teen groped a boob and freely fondled her without hesitation. Sue glanced up at Nadine, but the determined look on the young woman's face was overly daunting. She lost all hope and readily allowed Darren to shift her upper torso until her face was barely above his raging hardon. 

 In a fleeting instant, her mouth was completely full of cock and she stopped breathing. The head of Darren's cock thrust into her throat and Sue knew she was in trouble. She frantically grabbed for the extended shaft with both hands to control the amount of cock shoved into her mouth. Thankfully she could breathe again yet each gasp for air was uneven and ragged. Her fingers tightened around the thick shaft and she pumped her hand up and down while holding only the cock-head inside her mouth. 

 Sue would never understand why she fulfilled the teen's fantasy or Nadine's evil demands. She heard Darren moan loudly when she obediently sucked the stamina from his manhood and the taste of steamy semen filled her mouth. The teenager released a trickle of precum in an effort to prolong the wonderful sensations roaring through his loins, but the sneaky act didn't help. Suddenly his stomach tightened and then let go, as the biggest jets of cum erupted from his belly. 

 Darren heard desperate choking sounds yet the small hand pumped up and down in a furious manner milking all of the cum out of his vast reservoir. Sue reasoned that the faster she finished the blowjob the quicker she would regain her senses. Her head bounced up and down, as she tried hard to ride the out of control teenager, and she breathed a sigh of relief when his convulsions ended. Much to her dismay, she was promptly rolled across the sofa and into the lap of a waiting Jeffery. 

 There was one obvious factor about the teenager that Nadine wanted to stress. "You'll love Jeffery's cock... the way he's uncircumcised... uncut," she whispered. "Christ... look at the size of the thing." 

 The sudden shock of another penis in her face took her off guard, but then she resigned to fulfill Nadine's wishes. Sue started sucking the teenager's impressive cock and she wisely used both hands on the long shaft to control how much Jeffery rammed into her mouth. She knew the young woman demanded a response so she obediently nodded her head while trying to give the teen a worthy blowjob. 

 Nadine snuggled closer in an effort to torment her submissive slave. "Good girl... I love how you suck cock and make the boys happy," Nadine whispered. "Too bad it won't save you, as Darren's cock is throbbing again... for your sweet pussy. He's going to fuck the neighborhood slut. Darren and Jeffery are going to make you their honey and I'm going to count the number of times you cream all over their teenage cocks." Nadine laughed and her immense gratification sent shivers up and down Sue's back, as she squeezed the thick shaft trying to stop the inevitable. 

 *** 

 Nadine didn't want to wait, but she wanted to ensure ultimate success in having Sue surrender to the most unfaithful temptation. She fully realized that all she had to do was give permission to her cousin for him to have intercourse with Susan. Instead, Nadine implemented a devious scheme to achieve another decisive goal. She had stressed to Darren before the session started that this part was crucial and that he must follow her directions to a 'T'. "Spread her out... do it. Eat her... do the cunnilingus just like we discussed," she whispered to her cousin. Report_Story #2 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© Sue quickly found herself in the most compromising position. She licked the remnants of the blowjob off her chin and Jeffery obediently grabbed her around the shoulders. He jerked her fully on top of the sofa and rolled her onto her back. Darren instantly spread her legs as wide as possible. He lifted her right leg and left it resting on top of the sofa back while pushing her left off the sofa to leave Sue totally vulnerable. 

 Sue experienced the funniest feeling in the world. She expected Nadine would force her to have sex with her cousin and Darren would hump her without any hesitation. Sue was fully determined to resist and not succumb to any sexual temptation despite what Nadine demanded. She had made up her mind not to experience any satisfaction or any fulfillment from intercourse with the teenager. When Darren didn't simply jump on top of her outstretched body, she was taken off guard. 

 She stared down the front of her naked torso and everything happened in plain view. Sue watched the teen's tongue lick and caress her upraised pelvis and then it dipped out of sight. Her hips jerked up and down trying to evade the damning tongue, but nothing prevented Darren from assaulting the defenseless opening. He pushed his tongue into the wetness and discovered the twitching control button. 

 When the sharp teeth closed around her clitoris, Susan almost fainted. Her heart started racing and then the teenager nibbled on the tender bud. "Oh no... no... not that, please," she begged. "Oh gawd, not there." 

 Nadine wasn't far away. She slithered up to Sue and took control. "That's a good girl. We'll let Darren perform magic on your soul," she whispered. "You'll have your first climax with a teenager... fill his mouth with cum." 

 "But... but, he wasn't supposed to," Sue moaned, as her hips stopped moving and Darren devoured her entire clit. 

 "Yeah... I know. You thought Darren was going to have sex with you... fuck your brains out," Nadine said. "First I want to watch you cream all over his tongue." 

 "Please, Nadine, no... please," Sue whispered, as her back arched in a futile attempt to escape the defiling cunnilingus. 

 "Not yet... wait... please wait," Nadine said in a stern voice. 

 "I won't... gawd, I won't do it," Sue replied. 

 "Stop... not yet, please. I want to watch more... lots more," Nadine pleaded. 

 All of a sudden her whole body went tingly and fuzzy. Darren held the fragile clit between his teeth and battered the part that was inside his burning mouth with his tongue. A trickle of cum leaked into his hungry mouth and the teenager demanded more. He thrust a long middle finger into the steamy hole and curled the end so that he raked the susceptible G-spot. Darren followed his cousin's directions perfectly. The resultant cries and moans sounded pathetic so Darren sucked as hard as he could on the swollen clitty. 

 "Haaaagh... haaaagh, nooooo." 

 "No, no, please wait," Nadine ordered. 

 Her hips started vibrating and thrusting madly at the teen's face, but there was no respite. Darren held the morsel firmly between his teeth and used his tongue to slap the clit around and around. "Gawd, no, I can't, no, I can't," Sue moaned. 

 "Damn, I wanted it to last... wanted to watch more of my lovely slave getting her box eaten by a wildman," Nadine whispered. 

 After the third severe thrust, Sue realized her struggle was in vain. Her arms thrashed out to the sides and her body belonged to the devil. The orgasm was more profound most likely because she tried not to succumb, as her deviate emotions soared to great heights. Her eyes filled with tears and she glanced towards her mistress, just as the young woman spoke. "You're the best slut... ever! You cum like a little girlie every time... whenever someone touches you." 

 Even though the words were damning, Sue couldn't halt the out of control orgasm. Her hips jerked and thrust in a pure random fashion and cum ran freely out of her belly. Her confidence was crushed and Sue surrendered to the powerful woman. The last few tremors rocked her body and she welcomed the sudden solitude of the moments following a dramatic climax, but the tranquility was fleeting. 

 Nadine gave orders to her cousin and then grabbed Sue by the arm. The women stood up, as Darren took up the desired position on the floor in readiness of Nadine's next challenge. The teen lay flat on his back and it was very apparent he was overly aroused after his first real cunnilingus. Sue stared at the erection, which sort of hovered above the teen's pelvis and reached almost to his bellybutton. She was mesmerized, but that only lasted a scant few seconds, as Nadine took charge. "My love... it's time. You get to have sex with Darren... finally show Darren how a real woman becomes a slut when she sees a teenage cock." 

 Sue simply stared at the pulsating penis and tried to mumble a worthy protest. "Naaa... nooo. Ooohhh, gawd, no." Her feet were moving and there wasn't a chance to escape the young woman's stern demands. Nadine pushed her towards the teenager and Sue almost tripped, as she had to step over Darren's legs. There was a hushed silence in the room and all that was heard was some heavy breathing. 

 Nadine loved the position because it enabled her to torment Susan during the entire intercourse. "I'm not going to be happy until you tell me everything. Tell me what's happening to your slutty titties... slutty pussy... slutty ass," she said into Sue's ear. "I want to hear my baby tell me that she loves teenage cock." 

 Sue stared down at Darren and she was forced to spread her legs so that she hovered over the teen's legs. "I can't... can't, oh please, no," she pleaded even though she knew it would do no good. "Oh gawd, he's... he's..." 

 "He's what... tell me, what!" 

 "He's big... big, oh gawd, he's big." 

 "Should I tell hubby that Darren is big... bigger than he is?" 

 "Gawd, no, you can't, please," Sue moaned, as Nadine forced her to crouch and then sit down on top of Darren's thighs. The young woman twisted her fingers through Sue's hair and held the woman's head tilted down at what Darren was doing. Sue couldn't take her eyes off the bobbing erection and she tried to stay as far away as Nadine would allow. 

 Then the young woman kissed the side of Sue's flushed face and lingered on one of her ears, as she whispered softly. "Get ready, my love. Get ready to be my darling slut when you fuck Darren." Nadine cleverly coaxed Sue forward until the woman was almost touching the teen's penis. 

 Sue was on her knees. She raised her torso upwards and tried to stay above the cock, but her efforts didn't work. Darren fisted his cock and held the long shaft straight up in the air so that the head brushed against the velvety crotch. When the teen swiped the cock-head through the slick oil, Sue tried to lift herself even higher. 

 Nadine stood up directly behind Sue and leaned closer. "Are you ready? Ready for cock? Ready to get fucked... ready for Darren's big cock?" Nadine crouched beside Sue kept whispering into the woman's ear. "Sweet Jesus, I want you to wait this time. Don't cream all over Darren's cock and act like a slut! Please wait." 

 Darren tightened the grip on his throbbing shaft and raised his hips slightly. He grinned watching Sue cringe and noticed how she tried to move higher, but her thighs weren't long enough. Darren felt his shaft bend slightly and then spring to attention. The volcanic heat was more intense than he imagined and he held motionless with the head of his cock embedded in the fiery inferno. 

 The scene was memorable and one that everyone would remember for different reasons. Nadine put her hands on top of Sue's shoulders and prepared for the ultimate reward. Jeffery stared at his buddy who was on the brink of his first sexual experience with a real woman. Darren let go of his cock and groped the luscious tits, which appeared swollen and overly seductive. Sue held her breath and her heart stopped, as she realized what was about to happen. 

 Nadine gave a brutal shove and pushed Sue's body downward until the woman came to a complete stop with her cousin's cock buried to the hilt. She swooped towards Sue's head, which rolled backwards, and grabbed two big handfuls of hair. "That's it love. Darren's cock is in your sweet belly and you'll show Mistress that you're a slut," she said, as she rained kisses all over the side of Sue's flustered face. "Jeffery gets to watch and then he gets to fuck you too." 

 Sue tried to say something and protest the harsh treatment. "Oh gawd, stop... please stop." 

 The taunting lips were all over her face and the wet tongued added to the extreme punishment. Nadine retained the firm grip on Sue's hair and jerked the woman's head back and forth. "Now! Tell me what Darren's doing to you," she ordered. "Your tits... your cunt." 

 "Dear gawd, my tits... my nipples. He's hurting my nipples," Sue moaned. 

 "More... tell me more." 

 "He's... he's in... inside, oh gawd, so deep." 

 "Yes... yes," Nadine whispered and jerked Sue's head again. 

 "His cock... gawd, so deep. I can feel him throbbing... deep inside." 

 "Do it! Grab that dirty clitty and do it. Cum all over Darren's cock... the teenage cock in your belly," she ordered. 

 Sue was positive she didn't move her arm yet the fingers of her right hand curled around her pelvis and thrust into the vast wetness. Somehow the pulsating clitoris wound up between her forefinger and middle-finger and her hand vibrated at a furious tempo. "Oh geez... geez, what... no... gawd, no." 

 "Yeah, I know... it's wrong, but you can't stop. Do it... DO IT!" 

 There was a very good reason for her stomach going into severe convulsions. Every time Darren tightened his loins and jettisoned a blast of cum, her muscles spasmed and Sue realized her inner being was being filled with male semen. "Oh, dear gawd, no, no," Sue moaned, knowing the end was near. "Geez, no, no, I can't, not like this." 

 Nadine's timing was perfect. She jerked the handfuls of Sue's hair and rocked the woman's head back and forth. "Dear lord, the schoolgirl is cumming. She's cumming all over the big cock... teenage cock," she whispered. "Darren, she's creaming all over your cock. She's your slut... your fucking slut." 

 Sue'e eyes rolled up and into her head. "Haaaa... haaaa," she cried and let go at the same time. The powerful orgasm destroyed any remaining willpower and she coated the thick cock with womanly cream until it moved easily through the abundant oil. Darren hips bounced up and down at the most sporadic rate. Each time he thrust up, Sue's body followed. Each time his ass fell to the floor, Sue's body dropped and fully engulfed the throbbing pecker. 

 Darren was in heavenly bliss. He squeezed hard on Sue's nipples and used the delicate buds to rotate the tits around and around in big wide circles. Then he yanked downward as hard as he could and rammed his hips skyward, as he filled the womanly cave. Nadine demanded Sue's complete submission at the peak of her cousin's orgasm. "Say it. Tell Mistress what Darren is doing to you." 

 Sue couldn't believe her decency and morality had vanished. "Gawd, he's cumming... fucking me. Oh gawd, I'm cumming... I'm cumming and can't stop, oh gawd," she moaned, as Nadine demanded more. "My tits... my nipples hurt. Gawd, my... my cunt...!" The solution hit her and Sue immediately let go of her throbbing clitty and tried to stop her boobs from flying wildly in every direction. She cupped Darren's hands, but her control was fleeting, as Nadine pinched her exposed clitoris. 

 Nadine thrust her fingers into the fiery pussy opening and felt the cock pumping fluidly up and down inside the womanly chamber. She seized the neglected clit and held it with an iron grip between all of her fingertips. Then she yanked it outward and twirled it around as fast as she could. "Mistress loves when you cum... cum all over a big cock," she whispered. "Now for the best part." 

 Sue heard the young woman and wondered what she meant. "Whaaaa... haaaa, oh gawd." 

 "Good girl... real good girl. Keep cumming," Nadine said, as she relished Sue's struggle and futile attempts for modesty. "Does Darren's cock feel good in your belly?" 

 "Noooo, gawd, noooyesss, yes," Sue gasped, as Nadine jerked her head back and forth demanding a better answer. "Yes, gawd yes, it feels good... his cock feels good." 

 Nadine savored the way Sue's body thrashed out of control, as the everlasting climax consumed her entire reasoning. "Cum... more, keep cumming all over Darren's cock. Is his cock bigger... bigger than...?" 

 Sue heard the damning request and she intended on remaining silent, but Nadine ensured her cooperation with a stern jerk of hair. "Yeaaa, yes, he's big... bigger. Oh gawd, bigger than Ben." 

 "Good slut. More... tell me more." 

 "Oh... oh, I can't breathe. He's so deep... inside me... deep inside me and I can't breathe." 

 "MORE!" 

 "I can't stop. I'm cumming... fucking his cock," Sue moaned. It felt like her precious clitoris would never be the same, as Nadine squeezed and rolled the bud around vigorously. "Oh gawd, what you're doing... I can't stop... cuuuummmmaaaaahhhh." 

 The vicious tremors ripped through her body and Sue welcomed the final few, which were severe yet not as frequent. When Nadine let go of her hair, Sue fell forward and sort of collapsed on top of the teen's chest. After the fateful climax, the immense guilt destroyed any chance Sue had of regaining control or self-respect. Nadine moved closer and wanted to ensure her puppet fulfilled the rest of her drastic fantasies. "That was the greatest fuck. Now... it's Jeffery's turn," she whispered. 

 Susan gasped in disbelief, as she wound up on her hands and knees. Darren slithered out from under her exhausted body and Nadine shifted around to retain intimate contact with her slave. Sue stared into the dark, unwavering eyes and her stomach churned with great doubt. "I can't... no more! I've done what you asked, no more, please," she pleaded. 

 "Mistress gets to watch her lovely slut do it again... act like a little doggie," Nadine said. "Jeffery is going fuck you doggie style. Make you his little puppy." 

 Sue heard the dire prediction and didn't know what to do. Suddenly the teenager started slapping her backside with his hardened penis and left no doubt to his grand endowment. "Geez, oh geez, no more, please Nadine, I can't." 

 Jeffery glared at the glorious ass and he held his pecker tightly with his right hand. He rubbed the wet tip all over Sue's butt and even up and down through the crack of her ass. When the head brushed against her puckered asshole, Sue tried rocking forward to get away from the teenager's brazen assault. Then a severe jolt of pain swiftly turned to desire, as Jeffery jerked her torso backwards and rammed some of his cock into her precious honey-hole. 

 The teenager hit the mark on his first try and he uttered a loud grunt when he felt the intense heat surround the end of his cock. Sue experienced the strangest feeling in the world. The teenager had a very secure grip around her waist with both hands and he slowly rocked her body back and forth. Sue balanced on her hands and knees and each time Jeffery pulled back, he embedded more of his illustrious cock. 

 All of a sudden the lights went out and Sue couldn't see a thing despite millions of stars flashing in her head. It was very possibly the fastest orgasm ever, as her body went out of control. Nadine couldn't believe her eyes and she relished the sight of Sue's tits swaying wildly under her chest. Jeffery drove his piston to the hilt each time he yanked Sue's torso backwards and then he pushed her forward until only the flared head remained in the inferno. 

 "You couldn't wait... had to cum all over Jeffery's cock," Nadine whispered in happy elation. "My God, he's pounding you... making you his little whore." 

 The powerful lust was in control. "Yeeeaaa... yeeeaaa, gawd yes," Sue moaned, as something exploded in her deepest reaches. 

 "Keep cumming... keep cumming. Jeffery isn't ready yet.... keep cumming." 

 This was only supposed to happen in porno movies and never to a wife who was happily married. "Gawd... oh gawd... gawd, I can't... I can't... gawd make him stop," Sue begged. 

 "Keep creaming all over Jeffery's cock. You're fucking like a schoolgirl... a little girl," Nadine whispered. 

 "Gaaawww, gaaawww." 

 Sue thought it was over, but she guessed wrong. "Get ready slut. Jeffery's pounding your little cunt and fucking his little doggie-bitch," Nadine said. "Fuck, baby, fuck.... fuck Jeffery's big cock. 

 When the roller coaster slowed after the long climb up the mountain of ecstasy, Sue assumed the orgasm was ending. Suddenly the teenager's hips went out of control and strangely she tried to keep pace. Every time Jeffery thrust forward at her, she thrust back to meet his desperate fervor and the wild intercourse lasted for the longest time. Eventually her arms and legs collapsed and she flopped down on her stomach with Jeffery on top of her out stretched body. 

 Darren rubbed his semi-hard penis all over her arm and even the side of her face. He envied his buddy who was experiencing his very first sexual encounter with a woman. Sue's body was completely exhausted and she virtually passed out with the final tremors diminishing within her womanly domain. She didn't resist or do anything to prevent the teenagers from flipping her onto her back so they could lie beside her. 

 One of the teens had his arm across her chest and his hand fully on top of her boob. His buddy snuggled tightly up against the side of her torso and his hands ventured into the Promised Land. Sue reacted every time a teenager moved his hand and she flinched when fingers grazed her most intimate areas. 

 When she heard the familiar woman's voice, she wanted to die. "We still have a good three hours. I can only imagine what two horny teenagers will do with a ready and willing slut," Nadine whispered. She wrapped her fingers tightly in Sue's hair and glared into the woman's big, teary eyes. "I'm sure you won't mind being a sex-toy for the next few hours. 

 Sue opened her mouth to say something just as her hips were jerked into the perfect position. She felt something swiped through her crotch and then one, two and then three fingers groping her most intimate region. Her eyes remained focused on the smiling face and it was very evident Nadine knew exactly what her cousin was doing. "Gawd, no, not again, no, please... no more," she moaned. 

 *** 

 Susan wasn't sure how many times the teenagers had sex with her. The night seemed to last forever and what made Sue most upset was the number of forced orgasms she endured. Each time one of the teenagers had sex with her, Nadine managed to make every encounter truly memorable for not only her cousin, but also for everyone else. The clever young woman knew exactly what buttons to push and she coerced an untimely orgasm from Sue each time Darren or Jeffery screwed her. 

 What made matters worse for Sue was the way Nadine forced her to talk. As strange as it seemed at first, by the end of the evening Sue was blabbing all of her intimate emotions and feelings to the young woman. She would never forget the most dramatic and illustrious intercourse when she actually asked the teenager to ram his big cock into her. Sue knew it was wrong yet she virtually begged the teenager to fuck her. When Darren screwed her, she creamed just like the schoolgirl Nadine wanted her to be. 

 Her self-control was gone and so was her willpower to fight. After Darren's sexual encounter, Jeffery rode her hard and fast. Nadine remained close enough to her so that she whispered in her ear during the entire episode. The young woman demanded Sue fulfill another sexual fantasy by climaxing all over the teen's uncircumcised cock. Much to Sue's dismay, she cooperated and willingly experienced a dramatic orgasm right in front of Nadine and Darren. Report_Story #3 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© Sue didn't think it would ever happen but early in the morning Nadine gave her permission to leave. She virtually ran all the way home and breathed the biggest sigh of relief when she got home and Ben was still out. She expected him home at any time from the stag for his best buddy and arriving home dressed in Nadine's schoolgirl outfit was definitely not what she wanted her husband to see. Sue reasoned it would be impossible to explain the outlandish costume and she rushed to the bathroom to change into something more appropriate. 

 Although there wasn't any physical evidence of her infidelity, there was plenty of mental anguish. Sue fretted every minute until Ben's car pulled into the driveway and she prayed for the strength to keep everything inside and not let her husband know about her being unfaithful yet again. When Ben practically collapsed upon entering the house, she felt much better that he only wanted to sleep off his apparent hangover. 

 The subject of what happened at the stag or what Sue did while Ben was gone never came up. Both were overly exhausted and the weekend was over before either realized it. When Monday arrived, Sue was busy with final preparations for the upcoming neighborhood party and Ben was back to work. 

 *** 

 Nadine planned the ultimate seduction for the annual barbeque. The neighborhood celebration was well attended and she stayed close to her adorable slave all evening. Nadine managed to serve the loving couple drinks and Ben was completely oblivious to her sneaky scheme until it was too late. She spiked each of his drinks with extra alcohol, which quickly had an effect on his sobriety. After about five or six drinks, Ben's ability to think rationally was severely impaired and he fell victim to the conniving young woman. 

 The party was held in the Clark's big backyard and the festivities went off without a hitch. Nadine made sure to introduce Ben and Susan to everyone in the neighborhood and near the end of the night everyone including the loving couple was fairly tipsy. It was easy for Nadine to determine when Ben and Sue were ready to go home and she decided it was time to act. 

 Nadine mixed three drinks and wrapped her arm around the drunken husband's and spoke to the naïve wife. "Let's take these for the road," she stammered, as if she was feeling the effects of too many drinks. 

 Ben took a sip and agreed. "Yessshhh," he said with a slur. 

 Sue was afraid to be left alone and she grabbed for the arm that the she-devil waved at her. Nadine snuggled between the married couple and happily started towards the gate leading out of the backyard. Everyone knew something extraordinary was on the horizon and all three giggled nervously, as if something was funny. They hurried out of the Clark's yard and Ben readily allowed the young temptress to rub against him, as her caresses became more and more seductive. 

 Sue welcomed the sight of their house when they rushed down the block and she sensed a weird nervousness because Nadine appeared in complete control. The three hurried into the house and directly into the dimly lit living room. Sue's stomach churned in anticipation of what might happen and she noticed how the young woman's hands freely molested her husband. Sue was sober enough to recognize Ben's willingness for Nadine's caresses, but she was too inebriated to prevent the young woman's clever scheme. 

 Once Nadine noticed the man's drunken enthusiasm to allow her complete freedom, she pounced. All three sat on a sofa and Nadine cleverly had Ben sit between her and Sue. She snuggled up to Ben and brazenly put her hand directly on top of the bulge in his pants and gave him the biggest grin. "Ben, you're a lucky man. Susan is one of the sexiest and most desirable women in the world. You're a lucky man to be married to her." 

 Ben was horny; Ben was drunk and he acted like any man whose hardon was being massaged by a sexy woman. He wondered why the crazy woman was talking about his wife when she was squeezing his hard cock. "Yeah... what, well yes. Yeah, Susan is," he mumbled. He had a hard time composing himself because the booze and a sexy woman were overwhelming. "Yes, Susan's an angel and I do consider myself a lucky man." 

 All of a sudden the young woman tightened her grip and wrapped her fingers around his stiff cock. Ben realized he would be smart to rebuke Nadine and push her away, but the groping was something every man dreamed about. He leaned towards the young woman and let her whisper in his ear. "Have you ever had sex with two women... two women at a time," Nadine asked and squeezed a little harder. "Tonight could be the best night of your life." 

 Ben knew it was wrong but he just couldn't move away from the young woman. All of a sudden his wife rubbed up against him and he didn't know which way to turn. "Yes... no, I mean no, I haven't," he stammered. His reply was more of a stutter and he glanced at Nadine with a half grin and half frown on his face, as he couldn't believe what was happening. 

 "What do you think, Sue, should we? Should we fulfill one of Ben's biggest fantasies," Nadine asked her bewildered friend. "I think we should make love to your husband... both of us." 

 Somehow the young woman coaxed Sue to embrace her husband. A kiss ensued and heated up very quickly. In no time Ben's hands were rushin' and roamin' all over his wife's body and he freely slipped a hand under Sue's loosened blouse. There was movement down below, but he didn't have the courage to stop Nadine. 

 Sue was determined to take control, which was her biggest fault. She kissed Ben hard and felt his readiness, as their tongues battled back and forth. Suddenly Sue caught the sound of a zipper and then her husband started groaning and grunting. She broke the kiss and pulled back slightly until she could see what Nadine was doing. 

 Sue glanced down at her husband's cock, which was completely out of his pants and being pumped furiously by her young friend. She was stunned and merely watched, as Nadine's hand never slowed down and continued to masturbate Ben right in front of her. "Help me. Sue, please help me. Let's jerkoff your husband," she whispered. "Then we can make love in front of him." 

 Her mouth opened, as if to say something in protest, but Sue merely stared in disbelief at the raunchy display. Nadine's fingers moved rapidly up and down the hard cock and the young woman beckoned Sue to help. Why her arm moved and her hand settled on top of Nadine's was strange, but Sue reasoned she must help or deny her husband sexual satisfaction. 

 Ben wondered if it was all a dream. Nadine's fingers had a death-grip on his throbbing cock and his wife's hand was gliding up and down with the young woman's. Suddenly Nadine let go and easily nudged Sue's fingers until they wrapped around the cock-shaft to continue the vigorous masturbation. Then she cupped Ben's balls and jiggled them back and forth in a seductive massaging manner. 

 Both women sort of straightened up so that their faces were beside Ben's. "I'm a lesbian," Nadine whispered in the man's ear. "Have you ever watched your wife have sex with another woman?" 

 Ben almost filled the room with cum, as the sudden statement took him off guard. "Yes... well no... naaa... no," he stammered. His reply was more of a stutter and he stared straight ahead with a half grin and half frown on his face. "Gee... oh geez, geez." 

 Sue opened her mouth, as if to say something in protest, and then Nadine tightened her grip on Ben's balls. She wasn't sure why, but Sue also squeezed harder and fisted her husband's cock like a madwoman. 

 "You'll get to watch... watch me make love to your wife," Nadine whispered in his ear. "The first time I saw Susan, I knew she was bisexual. You'll get to watch us have sex." 

 Hot jets of cum shot into the air and landed everywhere. "Fuck, oh fuck... my cock, my balls... honey, you're making me cum," he said, glancing at his wife to see her reaction. 

 Sue meant to let go of Ben's cock, but Nadine was too smart. The young woman moved her hand from the aching balls and closed her fingers on top of Sue's. When Nadine tightened her grip, more cream squirted out of Ben's loins like a never-ending fountain and both women jerked him off. 

 Nadine put her mouth next to Ben's ear. "You can watch... watch when I make love to your wife," she whispered. "Then you can have sex with both of us... with me and Susan. I've never fucked a man before... never!" The woman's lie and declaration caused his heart to pound and his breathing to become fast and uneven, as the orgasm consumed his mind. 

 Ben wasn't sure who milked his pecker, but he really didn't care, as he slouched in the middle of the sofa. Nadine rolled over his outstretched torso and assaulted his wife. She sat on Sue' midsection and pinned her down. "Grab her arms. Hold them above her head so I can take off her clothes," Nadine ordered. "Help me... strip her clothes." 

 Defiance wasn't an option, as Ben quickly grabbed his wife's arms. Sue wriggled furiously and her struggles seemed to heighten the moment. In a flash her blouses and bra were stripped and her husband pinned her arms above her head. Sue glanced down and watched Nadine practically rip the rest of her clothes off without the slightest hesitation. Then to her utmost horror, she observed the fastest striptease of all time. 

 Nadine ripped off her clothes and stood in front of the couple in all of her glorious nakedness. Ben had a hard time focusing but managed to notice the young woman's alluring features. He stared at the perky tits and marveled at the well-defined nipples that were the prettiest pink color. Ben's glance slowly shifted downward and across the flat tummy and the small bellybutton, which seemed to beckon him. His glassy eyes moved again and settled on the bald pelvis, as he tried to distinguish the shadowy area between the velvety thighs. 

 Ben was mesmerized and he could have stared at the womanly delights forever. Without warning, Nadine jumped back on the sofa and everyone was forced to move in order to follow her directions. In no time Ben was crouched over the arm of the sofa and Sue was flat on her back with the young woman perched between her splayed legs. Ben heard a few measly pleas for the assault to stop, but he ignored them all, as he retained a firm grip on Sue's outstretched arms. He curled her arms over the end of the sofa and left his wife defenseless. 

 Ben fully realized holding Sue down was wrong, but nothing in the world could stop him from watching the envisioned lesbian affair. Vulnerable and helpless, Sue tilted her head up and watched the tip of her clitoris fly back and forth, as the young woman's tongue skillfully teased the fluttering clit. Suddenly the clit was rolled around and around vigorously and she noticed that Nadine's teeth were bared and ready to nibble. 

 Sue cried out loud and every muscle in her body tensed, as her ass-cheeks clinched when a swift spasm shot through her insides. Then the tiny clit disappeared into the hottest mouth. Nadine used her fingers to spread the labia and hold the puffy lips away from the most sensitive clitty. Her sharp teeth nibbled crazily on the swollen bud and words no one would ever forget echoed in the room. "Fuck... holy fuck, eat her... eat her out," Ben said, as he watched the skilled cunnilingus. "Yes, fuck yes. Use your tongue; use your teeth. God it looks wonderful... the way you're eating her pussy." 

 Nadine was in control, just the way she planned. She removed her mouth from the burning hole and her fingers latched onto the wriggling clit. Nadine squeezed, pulled and twisted at the same time and she wasn't satisfied until Sue's hips quivered wildly with the anticipation of losing control. She started kissing her way upward and using the trek to molest every inch of velvety flesh. 

 When her mouth circled the delicate bellybutton, Nadine jammed her tongue into the small indent. She kissed and sucked the button causing Sue's body to shudder all over the sofa cushions and then she began a serious finger-fucking. Nadine buried her long middle finger to the hilt and grazed the tender g-spot with the expertise of a devoted lover. 

 "Oh gawd, oh fuck... finger-fuck her... fuck her with your finger." Ben had long ago released Sue's arms but she obediently left them fully stretched out above her head. Then Nadine slithered upward and left a wet trail with her tongue until she reached the swell of a luscious boob. When her burning mouth devoured one of the erect nipples, the whimpering in the room left no doubt who was in control. 

 Nadine pumped her hand as fast as she could and finger-fucked the submissive wife. Her head bounced from one tit to the other and she used a constant nibbling of the rock-hard nipples to bring Sue to the brink of collapse. "Dear gawd, stop. Please stop, please," Sue pleaded. "Oh gawd, no, no... NO!" 

 Ben stared in disbelief, as his wife's body went out of control. He never dreamed of his wife having sex with another woman although they had talked about her having a sordid affair. Ben wished he was the one giving Sue the royal finger-fucking and also sucking her tits, but he found the dramatic scene very seductive. "Oh fuck... holy fuck she's cumming. Yes, fuck her hard... harder," he groaned. "Make her your slut." 

 When Sue heard the dastardly comments from her husband, she was bewildered. She didn't think an orgasm was close or even possible yet her body seemed to belong to the devil. Her back arched and she slammed her ass into the sofa cushion, but there was no escaping the vicious fingering or titty assault. The intense desire and lust consumed her spirit and Sue forgot about the guilt and remorse that would follow. 

 *** 

 Two orgasms complete and Nadine's plan was being executed perfectly. She was determined to make the next encounter the most memorable of her young life, as well as that of both Susan and Ben. The alcohol had likely worn off, but the couple remained intoxicated by the extreme desire and Nadine's clever seduction. When she whispered a warning to the obedient wife, Nadine ensured her voice was too low for Ben to hear. "You'll get to make love to me... but first you can help your husband have sex with me." 

 Sue was completely exhausted after the untimely orgasm and simply shook her head at the young woman's alarming forecast. She wanted to tell the young woman no, but the tone of Nadine's voice sent shivers up and down her spine. 

 "Be a good little girl or else I will tell Ben everything," Nadine uttered. "First you get to watch your husband... then he gets to watch you." 

 Nadine was shrewd and willing to do anything for success. She grinned at the sorrowful frown on Sue's pretty face and reached over to grab a fist full of cock. Ben purposely moved a little closer to the young woman and turned his hips, making it easier for Nadine to jerk his prick. 

 Sue felt jealousy and she wasn't sure over whom. Her eyes got bigger watching the young woman fist her husband's cock until it stood tall and proud straight up in the air. Sue desperately wanted to stop Nadine's discerning seduction yet she was well aware that the young woman would tell the world about her secret indiscretions. Some of the illicit acts could be explained, but Sue wisely realized that not the incriminating sex with Nadine's three male cohorts. 

 Suddenly Ben twisted his body and rolled on top of the young woman. When Nadine spread her legs, Ben's hips dropped into the waiting inferno. Nadine's thirst for power grew. "Do it... grab his cock. I want you to guide it... put it against my pussy," she whispered. "Do it, or else!" 

 Ben's excitement soared, as he felt his wife's arm curl around his hips. Sue thrust her hand between the sweltering crotches and easily found his stiff pecker. Her heart pounded out of control when she obeyed. 

 Nadine huffed and puffed when the head of Ben's cock brushed against her crotch. Without warning, her labia spread and a few inches of raging cock surged into her honey-hole. Ben rode her outstretched body like a madman. At first the thrusts were difficult, as there wasn't enough lubrication inside the young woman. Nadine had certainly used dildos much bigger than Ben yet the initial penetration sent a mixture of pain and elation through her veins. 

 Ben pumped with all his might. Eventually the slick oil coated his cock, which made the fucking smooth and easy. During the entire sexual intercourse, Nadine stared over at her love-slave who appeared awestruck. Sue watched her devoted husband having sex with her girlfriend and again she couldn't figure out if she was jealous over Ben or Nadine. 

 The whole time Nadine was immensely proud of her complex scheme and she deemed nobody made sacrifices like she did in order to achieve a goal. Ben's entire body stiffened at the end, as he prepared for the final ejaculation. Abruptly he thrust his hips downward and rammed his cock to the hilt one last time before collapsing into the young woman's, welcoming arms. 

 Nadine hugged Ben and shifted her body so that she wasn't under him anymore. "Now you get to watch... watch your wife having sex," she whispered. "Susan's the best... the absolute best lover." Nadine didn't care if Ben knew they were lovers. She grabbed Sue's arm and yanked the woman closer. 

 Ben's eyes bulged and he stared at the passionate kiss, as the young woman kissed his wife hard on the lips. Sue appeared to struggle, which made Ben relish the heated embrace, and then the young woman groped his wife's luscious tits. It was like watching an overzealous teenager with a timid girl, as Nadine fondled one boob to get the nipple and areola fully erect and then she caressed the other hard bud. 

 Nadine squirmed and managed to get away from Ben and instantly embraced Susan. The two naked women had their arms around each other so it was hard to tell who was in control. "Make love to me and let Ben watch," Nadine whispered. "Now and make it good... or else!" 

 Sue wound up on top of the spread-out young woman. Nadine had her hands on either side of Sue's head, as she guided the woman's face across her heated flesh. When Sue's mouth reached the upper swell of her boob, Nadine paused and encouraged the woman to continue. Sue's tongue came out without any hesitation and she began kissing the perky tit. 

 Sue left a wet trail all over the booby and then she moved sideways to do the same thing to Nadine's other boob. The telltale moans and groans from the young woman seemed to enhance the moment, as both tits glistened from the immense moisture. Sue sucked a hard nipple into her burning mouth and rolled the bud around furiously with her tongue. 

 When Nadine pushed on the top of her head, Sue realized the young woman wanted more. Her eyes were fully glazed and it was hard to focus on the heated flesh, as her face moved downward. Suddenly the bellybutton was near and she thrust her tongue into the tiny opening, which caused Nadine to shudder all over in a wild fashion. 

 One last push and her face brushed across the upraised pelvis until the aroma was definitely strong enough to make her dizzy. Her mouth was over top of the leaking honey-hole and Sue formed her lips around the wet opening. Sue jabbed her tongue into the puffy labia and she heard the young woman cry. Without warning there was an abundance of juices and Sue sucked as hard as she could to make the young woman happy. 

 Nadine never intended on climaxing so swiftly. She wanted to prolong the fantastic cunnilingus, but as soon as Sue's hot mouth closed over her gushing opening, convulsions started erupting deep inside her belly. Having the wife clean her husband's cum out of another woman's cunt was something Nadine wanted Ben to know. "Yes... fuck yes, eat me. Eat your husband's cum," she moaned. "I'm cumming... so hard. Drink my cum and Ben's cum." Report_Story #4 

 

 ****** A Wife's Submissive Journey Ch. 03 ****** bydawn1958© *** 

 The friendly neighborhood was likely very similar to many across the country. Everything was perfect, as far as Nadine was concerned. She convinced the couple to let her move into their home and instantly became the ruler of the roost. The two women slept together every night and the husband managed to join them on occasion although certainly not as often as he would have liked. What Ben quickly realized was that his once devoted wife was suddenly the romantic lover of a sexy young woman who was in complete control of what happened. 

 One thing Ben loved more than anything was having sex with two women. About once a week, Nadine allowed him to join her and Sue in bed, which was probably the main reason he endured the young woman's supreme control. The threesome became very settled and no one except Darren suspected his cousin was in a sex triad with the gorgeous wife and her husband. 

 Nothing adventurous happened until one late, winter evening. "Darren! Glad you're home. You remember what I mentioned a couple of months ago... that you would have your little schoolgirl back," Nadine said over the phone. "Well if you come over right now... you'll find Susan dressed and ready." 

 "Holy shit, it's about time," Darren replied. "I'll jerk off before I get there and I'll be able to last all night when I fuck your dearest slave." 

 "You better. Susan is hot and more than ready," she said, glancing across the room at the timid woman. Then she waved into the camera that was newly installed in one corner of the room. "I have hubby waiting in the other bedroom. He's going to watch you screw his wife and turn our dear little schoolgirl into a sex maniac." 

 "Does he know what's going to happen," Darren said. "Does he know you have everything setup. That his wife is going to get royally fucked until she climaxes all over my dick?" 

 Nadine turned away from the camera and whispered into the phone. "I hope you do everything like I explained. No bloody cumming until she's done... been fucked and made to cum. First you eat her... then you fuck her!" 

 When Nadine hung up the phone, everyone's heart beat at twice the normal rate. Ben watched the suddenly quiet room from his make-out cell while his wife obeyed the young woman's orders that she get dressed in the explicit outfit. Ben stared in disbelief at Sue who looked totally seductive and about half her age. Not only did Sue look like a teenager, she appeared to be a willing tramp. 

 Ben didn't hear the doorbell ring. All of a sudden a tall dark, young man entered the master bedroom and the action began without any delay. Ben sensed Sue was trying hard not to encourage or assist in the planned seduction, but her struggles seemed fruitless against two overly determined molesters. Both tits popped out of the silk blouse and Ben almost blew his load when Nadine devoured one and Darren sucked hard on the other. 

 Nadine scripted her plan in great detail and Darren was fully aware of what he was required to do. When the flimsy panties were removed and shoved into Sue's mouth, as if to keep the woman quiet, Ben's heart virtually exploded. He watched his darling wife get raped. 

 Still partially clothed in the demoralizing outfit, Sue was forced onto her back. Ben noticed how Nadine fondled the luscious boobs and how Sue rolled her head back and forth, but she was unable to speak through the panty gag. Then he observed the worst. His wife's legs were spread apart and the flared shirt was rolled up around her waist leaving her crotch fully exposed. The young man had his face buried between Sue's milky thighs and it was very obvious he was performing cunnilingus by the loud tongue lashing sounds picked up by the camera's microphone. 

 Ben eye's never blinked or moved away from the raunchy scene. For the first time in his life, he witnessed another man satisfying his wife's desires. Sue's orgasm seemed to last an eternity, but the time before the next session lasted mere seconds. Somehow Sue's clothes were stripped and her nakedness was flaunted in front of the camera for her husband to admire. 

 Ben was positive what was going to happen and luckily he didn't have to wait long. He watched in awe when the young man lay on his back and held his massive penis straight up in the air. Ben was oblivious to how Nadine demanded obedience from Sue and he simply thought his wife was overwhelmed by lust. The session played out much like the first time when Sue sat up straight and on top of Darren's outstretched torso. 

 Ben ogled the combative intercourse and to him Sue was completely eager and cooperative. He watched the big cock disappear into his wife and it took two or three minutes before the lengthy shaft was fully embedded. Ben observed the crafty young woman stand beside Sue and put her lips next to her ear. It was obvious she whispered things to Sue, but it took a few moments before the woman's body started moving. 

 Sue's hips gyrated over top of the young man's pelvis and kept the cock buried to the hilt. Her tits bounced wildly, as the lust conquered her willpower, and her belly spewed molten lava all over the thick shaft. When the wife creamed all over his pecker, Darren knew Susan was the perfect submissive housewife! 

 * 

 THE END 

 I am not sure whether another chapter will happen, but please send your comments and any suggestions for what you would like to read. Report_Story 