#1 

 

 ****** Zoe's Medication ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© My wife Zoe had a hysterectomy a few years back and all of a sudden her body chemistry went crazy. Hormonal imbalance caused mood swings that ranged from euphoria on one side of the scale to almost homicidal depression on the other. Her doctor had to pretty much experiment on her to try and find a combination of hormone pills and other drugs that would bring her to a balance. Whenever he found something that seemed to work things would be great for a month or two and then they wouldn't work anymore and he would go back to experimenting again. I never knew what I was going to find when I came home. 

 I had just come home from a three-day business trip and found the house empty. That was strange because I'd called Zoe and told her what time I would be home and she always had dinner waiting for me. By eight o'clock Zoe still wasn't home and I hadn't heard from her. I got on the phone and started calling around, but no one I talked to had any idea of where she might be. Her mother told me that she had talked to Zoe that morning and that Zoe had told her that she had a doctor's appointment for that afternoon. I called Zoe's doctor and got his service and they told me that he was out of town for a week and that Dr. Thomas was handling his cases until he came back. Dr. Thomas called me back twenty minutes later and told me that he had not seen Zoe that afternoon and that if she'd had an appointment it hadn't been with him. I made up my mind that if I didn't hear from Zoe by ten I was going to call the cops. 

 At nine forty-five the phone rang and I grabbed it. "Zoe?" 

 "Is this Mr. Thomas Martin?" 

 "Yes." 

 "Mr. Martin, do you have a wife named Zoe Evangaline?" 

 "Yes. Who is this?" 

 "Mr. Martin, your wife apparently had a fainting spell. We found her unconscious in the elevator in our building. She is resting comfortably now, but you need to come and get her." 

 I got directions to the Statler Building and rushed out to the car. On the way I wondered why she had been in that particular building since I couldn't think of anyone we knew who had offices there. I caught the elevator up to the sixth floor and went down the hall looking for room 606. The man had told me that the door would be unlocked and to just walk right in. I walked into a small, dark waiting room, but there was no one there. 

 "Anyone here?" 

 "Were in the back." 

 I headed toward the voice and came to a half open door on a lighted room and I pushed it open and walked in. Hands grabbed me from both sides and held me even as I saw Zoe. She was naked and lying on a leather couch and she was not alone. There was a black man between her legs and he was fucking her as hard as he could. Her legs were locked around his waist and I could see the nails on her hands biting into his ass as she held him tightly to her. At the head of the couch I saw an Asian working his cock into her mouth. I tried to break free and a voice that I recognized as the man who had called me said, "Settle down hoss. Take a look around you. Even if you broke free all that would happen is that you would get hurt." 

 I glanced around and saw for the first time that the room was full of men, nine altogether, two holding me, two fucking Zoe, and five others. Two were getting dressed, apparently after having their turn, two were naked and stroking themselves while apparently waiting for their turn and one was standing off to the side videotaping the scene. "Just behave and we will be done soon and you can take her home. Nod your head that you'll be cool about this and I will let them turn loose of you." 

 I really had no choice. I could have had the satisfaction of hurting one or two of them, but sheer numbers would prevail and I would end up accomplishing nothing. It would have been different if I was going to try and prevent what was happening from happening, but Zoe was already being fucked and it didn't seem to be bothering her at all. I watched as man after man shoved his cock in one of Zoe's holes and made a deposit in her. They took her in the pussy, mouth and ass and Zoe was an active participant. Her "oh yes, fuck me" and her "That's it baby, fuck my ass, fuck it hard" left no doubt in my mind that she was enjoying it. I swallowed my pride and nodded my head. It occurred to me while I watched that Zoe was servicing a mini United Nations. There was on Arabic looking man, two Orientals, two Latinos, a white man who spoke with a German accent and four black men. The men took her two and even three at a time and Zoe sucked, humped, bounced, begged and did everything that the men told her to do. 

 Finally they were done with her and then one of them said to me, "Get down there and clean her up." 

 "What?" 

 "You heard me white boy. You ain't taking her out of her until you get down there on that pussy and clean her out and you better hurry up about it too. The word has gone out that we have a white slut up here who digs fucking black men and is taking on any cock that walks in the door. That's how most of these guys found out about it. If you want to get her out of here before the next group arrives you better get busy man." 

 Zoe looked up at me, "Please Tom, get me out of here. Please honey, I want to go home." 

 Zoe's tone was pleading so I swallowed my pride for the second time and went down on her. Her cunt was a mess. Fluids were running down her leg. Her cunt hairs were soaking wet and when my tongue parted her pussy lips the stuff just ran out of her. The taste was salty and bitter, but I licked and sucked and did what I had to do to get us out of there. Then an amazing thing happened. Zoe had a massive - and I really do mean massive - orgasm. The entire time I had watched her being fucked she had never had so much as a small climax, but my eating her triggered the biggest and longest orgasm that I had ever seen her have. 

 "Sweet Jesus, look at that. The dude is one serious pussy eater." 

 "No, the honky just likes the taste of a black man's cum." 

 They all laughed and then Zoe's clothes were tossed onto the floor next to us. "Get her out of here dude. I hear there's a bunch coming over from Spike's Pool Hall and them's a bunch of nasty niggers. You don't want to let them get to her." 

 As I was helping Zoe out the door one of them called to me, "Hey man, if I was you I'd be cool about this. The edited video will show her willing and begging for it. It will show you standing around and watching it and then eagerly going down on her when we finished with her. Before you involve the fuzz think about how the tape will play to your relatives, friends and neighbors if the tape got out." 

 Zoe wouldn't talk on the way home. She stared out the passenger side window and in a teary voice moaned "I'm sorry" over and over and over again. When we got home and I had her in the house I asked her for an explanation and she started crying and ran from the room. I made myself a stiff drink and then sat down on the couch. Better to let her get a nights sleep and maybe I could find out from her in the morning just what the hell had happened that had happened that had turned my wife into the whore that I had watched happily take on all comers. I sipped my drink, made another and then another and fell asleep on the couch. 

 I woke up in the morning to find Zoe sitting in the easy chair opposite the couch watching me. She must have been crying all night because she looked like hell. She saw that I was awake and the tears began again. "I'm sorry, oh God I'm sorry. I didn't mean for it to happen. I didn't want it to happen, but I couldn't stop it. I tried - honest to God I tried - but I couldn't stop it." I sat up on the couch and looked over at her and I couldn't make up my mind what to do. She was the woman I had loved and lived with for the past fifteen years, but she was also the slut who had been begging a bunch of black assholes to fuck her. Did I take her in my arms and comfort her or throw her ass out onto the street. In the end I took the middle ground. "Perhaps you better tell me about it." She wiped the tears from her face, blew her nose and began to talk. 

 She had gotten depressed and found out that she was out of the latest batch of hormone pills that the doctor had prescribed. She called the doctor'' office to get him to call the pharmacy to get a refill authorized, but found out that he was out of the office. She had always considered Dr. Thomas "creepy" and she didn't want to go to him so she called a girlfriend and got the name of her doctor. She called for an appointment and was told to hurry down as there had been a cancellation. She had taken the last of her medication and had gone in to see the doctor. Apparently Zoe didn't give him a thorough enough description of her past history and drug usage and the doctor had given her a prescription for some drugs for depression and then he gave her some office samples. She went into the bathroom and took one of the samples with some water and then had headed for the elevator. Then she either had an allergic reaction to the sample or it had reacted with her regular medication and the next thing she knew she was lying on the floor of the elevator looking up at the ceiling. She could see and she could hear, but she couldn't move or speak coherently. 

 The elevator stopped at the sixth floor and a tall black man had gotten on. He saw her and bent down and asked her if she was all right. He saw her eyes moving and saw that she was trying to talk, but he couldn't make out what she was saying. He picked her up and carried her back to his office and put her down on the couch. While he was going through her purse looking for information on who he could call another black man came into the room. 

 "What you got there?" 

 "I found her lying on the floor of the elevator. She can't talk and doesn't seem to be able to move. I'm trying to find a number that I can call to see what I can find out. Otherwise I guess I'll have to call 911." 

 "Oh man, don't be doing that." 

 "Why not?" 

 "Don't you see man? See be a gift from the god of pussy." 

 "What do you mean?" 

 "Look at those eyes man. She be aware of what's going on, but she can't talk or move. How long have you wanted to try white pussy?" 

 "I hadn't thought of that." 

 "Think about it man. A good looking white woman who can't say no. Hey man, if we don't do nothing else, lets at least strip her, stick our dicks in her and take a picture or two." 

 And that's just what they did. At first the two of them just posed with her. Both of them stuck their cocks in her mouth and took Polaroid's. Then one of them worked his cock in her. "God man, she is one tight bitch." A picture was taken and then the other guy pushed his cock in her. Another picture was taken and then the guy who was in her said, "You're right. I ain't never been in a pussy this tight. I don't want to pull out." 

 "Shit man, you don't have to. You're in her bro, go ahead and fuck her." 

 For the next hour the two men had taken turns fucking her. Then one of them picked up the phone and called a friend. The friend showed up with a friend and the four of them took turns fucking her. The effects of the medication had begun to wear off, but to Zoe's horror as she got feeling back she found that her body was responding to what the men were doing to her. Another man arrived and she was moved to her hands and knees and the new man took her ass. He didn't do any preparation, but it hadn't hurt much because Zoe didn't have her full feelings back yet, but by the time he was ready to cum she was pushing her butt back at him. One man left, two more arrived and by the time the second one of the new men was fucking her she was pushing her pussy up at him and begging him to make her cum. After that she lost count as men came and men left. Her body was one raw sexual nerve ending that demanded more and more attention. By the time that the drugs had totally worn off all she wanted was more and more sex and she got it. 

 She heard them call me, hoped that I wouldn't come and see her like that, see her begging a bunch of black men using her as their fuck toy. She begged them to let her go before I got there, but they just laughed and stuck dicks in her mouth to shut her up. Even when I got there she couldn't stop. Her body had total control and was telling her mind to shut the fuck up. When they stopped fucking her and told me to eat her it was the first time since the first black man had entered her that she hadn't had a cock in her. The break gave her mind just enough time to overcome her body and she had asked me to get her out of there. 

 I believed her of course, probably because I wanted to - had to in fact - if I wanted to keep my marriage. I took the day off work and stayed home to do the best I could to comfort her and settle her down. That afternoon the doorbell rang and I opened the door to find a special messenger with a package for me. I signed for it and took it into the house. I opened it and found a videotape inside. No label on it and without thinking I pushed it into the VCR and hit play. I heard Zoe's intake of breath before I even saw the screen and when I looked I saw Zoe with a cock in her mouth, one in her ass and one in her pussy. She was being held up by two guys and she had a cock in each hand and was doing her best to jack them off while she was being fucked. I quickly punched the stop button, but the damage was done and Zoe got up and ran crying from the room. She slept fitfully that night, but was sound asleep in the morning when I got up to go to work. 

 I came home that night to an empty house and fear grabbed at my heart at the thought of what that might mean. As if to confirm it the phone rang and I answered it, "Hello?" 

 "Hey Tom. Just calling to tell you not to worry. She's with us and we will take good care of her and see to it that she gets home safely." 

 She came in the door at one-thirty in the morning and saw me on the couch waiting. She was wild eyed and shaking and she was shedding her clothes as she came toward me. She was talking in a rush, "Help me baby, help me. I need to get off baby, do me like you did the other night baby, please help me." Report_Story 